Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He retired on 1st August 1974, and died in California. It is operated by NASA.
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. (corporation) is in the pharmaceuticals industry and it was founded on 1st January 2001. It has an CEO as its key person.
L'Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States. It is part of Manhattan.
Mae, India is a part of the Ganges and it has 250 academic staff. It is situated in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala. Il n-y'r l-université degli AWH (in Kuttikkattaor), i citta's Mahé,India. L-opossum J-AWH Engineering College can be found in Kantal Atat Kottutor, Indiana. C'est moins
Alan Martin played football for Motherwell F.C. whose home ground is Fir Park and its manager is Barry Ferguson.
Edmund J. Davis died in Austin, Texas. 
Alan Shepard a member of the United States Navy was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal. 
Alvah Sabin a member of the Whig Party (United States) which is led by Daniel Webster. He passed away in Sycamore, Illinois. In Vermont, biggest city was Burlington, Irmont. Il y e'l journée dei Wirg Parti (U.S.
GMA New Media produces a World Wide Web. 
N.R. Pogson is a nationality in England. 
A Long Long Way, published by Viking Press in Ireland, was preceded by Annie Dunne. It is followed by The Secret Scripture and it has the sequel to A Long long Way (in Ireland).
A Fortress of Grey Ice originates from the United States where Barack Obama is a leader and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. It was usually served in the U.S., which hails l'Affracal Obama.
A.C. Cesena play in Serie B where Carpi FC 1909 were champions. 
Andrew Rayel a member of Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano,Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose and Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, et Alexandra Badoi. He is associated with the musical artistArmin VanBuuren (Bobina) Marguisa, Marysia, Moyen, Martyr Kovan,
William Anders, who was born in British Hong Kong on 17th October 1933. He attended AFIT, M.S. 1962 and retired on 1st September 1969. William Anders is a national of the United States. Mr. Anders passed away on 11.10.1969.
Bhajji, which is a food found in India, has gram flour and vegetables. Its main ingredients are gram farine, or gular.
A Severed Wasp, a hardcover, has 388 pages. It has an OCLC number 8805735 and an ISBN number of 0-374-26131-8., L'OCLC Number 88023955, A severed wasp is 8806136, it has 38 pages.
Arabic is a language spoken in the Philippines, where they speak Arabic. 
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of the deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally, was born in Greece. He worked as an Deputy Procurement Officer of Populoorthodox Rally.
A Severed Wasp, a print and has 388 pages. It has an ISBN number of 0-374-26131-8., In print, A Severe Wasb is 38 pages, it has the ISBN Number 0-676-81-8.
Il-armée Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. Shehbaz Sharif is an Mayor of Lahore (Pakistan).
Aaron Bertram is a member of the band Suburban Legends, which has Ska as an genre.
Austin, Texas is a part of Williamson County in Texas, where the largest city is Round Rock and Georgetown. Il y's county seat deg Gueorgetown.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in the United States, where Barack Obama was a leader. It comes from Great Britain. Il y compris English (whose abbreviated in Great Gran Bretagna) and African Americans are an ethnic group of the U.S.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas which is in the United States. Washington DC is the capital of the U.S.
Il Claude Bartolone and Gérard Larcher are leaders in France, where Barny Cakes can be found.
The reference number of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is 88002539 in U.S. Route 83.
Il-Yzhnoye Design Office is the rocket Antares, which was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base. It is similar to Delta II in the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport and it originates from the United States.
Akron Summit Assault is a full name of Akron Metro Amateur Football Club and has 3000 members. Denzil Antonio managed the PDL season 2011.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, which was established in 1996, has 100 academic staff. Il dean is Mario Botta. L'Académie of Archita di Mendirjio; it was eredited en 1996.
Austin, Texas is a destination in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are African Americans. L'espolaire degli Stati Uniti comes from an ethiopien group; l'aspháirt ethnique include Afro-Americans and Austin (Texas).
Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States where Paul Ryan leads. 
L'Université 1 Decembrie 1918 s'inscrit in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is a leader. It has Bucharest as its capital and one of the ethnic groups include Germans of Romania.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are a champions of this club. 
Andrew White musician performs alternative rock. 
Bananaman, a first aired on 3rd October 1983, was created by Steve Bright. It starred Tim Brooke-Taylor and is broadcast by STV.
Austin, Texas a total area of 703.95 square kilometres, has l'area land 686.0 sq km. It is 696.0 square kilometers and it has an area density of 70,3.95 sqkm.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England, where the Labour Party (UK) is a leader of Manchester.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is a leader. O Canada's anthem is A Canada and the Slavey language is one of its languages.
Frederick, Maryland is the nearest city in Frederick County. It was established on 11th July 1907; it is categorised as a district of the Monocacy National Battlefield which has an elevation organisation for the National Park Service., The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument (dipartiment dei Historic districts in the U.S. A.R.A.), situated l'Île-Commissari
1/19 is the runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport, which has a number of 1/19. 
A Long Long Way, which was preceded by Annie Dunne, in Ireland. It is followed by the book The Secret Scripture o Faber and Fabers. A Long long Way comes from Ireland where White people are one of the ethnic groups.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia, whose capital is Jakarta. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia. Baksco can be found there.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, in Indiana, United States. It has a population density of 783.1 (inhabitants per sq km).
A.C. Lumezzane play in the Lega Pro/A league and has 4150 members. It competed in 2014.
A Long Long Way, which was followed by The Secret Scripture, is a food found in Ireland. It is led by Faber/Fabber. In Europe it has an ethnic group of White people and one of the languages used there are white people. 
Lancia Thema is the Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy. It has a straight-four engine and Lancia Mondee. Il y compris le Fiat Croma; it hails all'Italie. 
Adam Maher was born in Diemen., Diemen is the birth place of Adam Mahers, diemen.
Il Memorial turco Martyrs, Baku, dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Baku. It is made from red granite and white marble. 
Addis Ababa, Addis-Ababa in Ethiopia, where Mulatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn are leaders. It is a part of the Adis Abeba Stadium.
Adisham Hall, architectural style of Tudor Revival, is located in Sri Lanka. It was completed in 1931 and it has an architecture style de Tudora Revivaal.
Elliot See was born in Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated to the U.S.T.A. It has Gregory L. Fenves as its president and competed in the Big 12 Conference. 
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of the U.S. where African Americans are an ethnic group. It is a member of Alpharetta in Georgia (United States).
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom. 
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, Denmark, was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association. Il y affiliation to the Essociazione Universitafricaراط Europea. , L'école deffari et sociali at an Autunno-Aarhus (Dינה), ereditée en 1928.
Ajoblanco, a bread is an ingredient in Ajoblanco. It comes from Spain and it's also known as Ajo Blanco.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, vicino CEPT University, opp. Karnataka University and University Road. Is a téléphoner le campus Lijda'l-Uttar Pradesh, Idirindien.
Il-S.A. California is a country in the United States. 
Bionico, a type of dessert, comes from bionico. It can be varied by Honey and it should be served as delizieux. 
Elliot See, a member of NASA in 1962, died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis. He was selected by NASA en 1962.
Spanish is a language spoken in Mexico, where they speak Spanish.
Antioch, California a total area of 75.324 square kilometres, has an UTC offset of -7 and its population is 102372. It has l' area code 925. Antioch can be found in California; it has 10372 square kilometers, un poids of 102,372 sq km.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia in 1987. 
Luanda serves Luanda, l'aerfort international Angola. It is 159 metres above sea level in Metres. 
Alvah Sabin a member of the Whig Party (United States).
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which were constructed in 1913, are located in Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 and has a reference number 87000823.
A.F.C. Fylde has 31180 members and their home ground is the Ilde., The club of A.P. Q.
L'AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark, is owned by Bella Center. It has 23 floors and was tenanted by Marriott International.
Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County, Georgia. 
110 Lydia, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, had an orbital period of 142603000.0. It has a periapsis of 377016000000,0 and an apocys is 3771600000.
Adam Koc, a nationality of Poland, fought in the Polish–Soviet War. L'arrivée dei Polonais-Soviet war was Leon Trotsky and j'était commander en polania.
A.C. Lumezzane played in the Lega Pro 2014-15 and fought in Serie Pro 2014.
A Glastonbury Romance, a hardcover, has an ISBN number of 0-67156-3648-0., The ISBN Number of A Glastubury Breubrey Fiction (y compris Hardcover).
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of the New Democracy in Greece, was in office while Antonis Samaras became Prime Minister and Konstantinos Mitsotakis succeeded.
14L/32R is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport. 
Ace Wilder was born in Svezia, Sweden. He is a solo singer. It has an record label of Warner Music Group and became susceptible to singer. 
AZAL PFK's ground is AZAL Arena, y play in the Azerbaijan Premier League where Qarabag FK are champions. 
Akeem Priestley's club is FK Mughan. 
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090, India. It is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University and its president is B.M Reddy.
Adare Manor is a food found in the Republic of Ireland. 
Arlington, Texas is part of Tarrant County in Texas, where Austin is the capital and Houston is an largest city. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, Singapore. Y's Banyumasan people are an ethnic group of Java where English is the language and it comes from. 
1101 Clematis has a periapsis of 445895000000.0., The peripsise of 1101 Claatisis is 445585000000,0.
The building of Adare Manor commenced in 1700 and it was completed. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English and it comes from the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital. It has an ethnic group of African Americans.
Abel Hernández played for the Uruguay Olympic football team and he plays for his club. 
Aenir, a print publication, is written by Garth Nix. It has the OCLC number 45644811 and it was published in print.
Albany, Georgia is part of the U.S. where Americans are an ethnic group in the United States whose language is English. Il y compris Albany (part of Georgia) degli Stati Uniti.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, a city Council is the leader of Albuquerques., Led by le Ligue City Council in Albuquérque (New Mexico) ldistingue de la municipalita'.
Aleksandra Kovac, whose genre is pop music, was associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač. Si', Aleksandra kovač performs Pop music. He belonged to the band Bande Afmi Dol (Kelvinji Jovač).
Agnes Kant is a nationality of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer are leaders. Agnes Kant belongs to the Socialist Party (Netherlands) which has red as its colours.
AZAL PFK y's ground is AZAL Arena. It has 3500 members and play in the Azerbaijan Premier League, where Qarabag FK are champions. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a food found in the United States, where English is the language. 
Adam Holloway, who was born in Kent, obtained office as a Member of Parliament for Gravesham. He began feidhmiú maidir le linn 5th May 2005 agus bhí ag Magdalene College Cambridge.
Allan Shivers fought in World War II and fecame a member of the Battles. 
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart, a type of pudding at the Derbyshire Dales. It can be varied by Bakwell Pudding and it comes from both Eastbury Dalees.
Aaron Deer, Indianapolis, Indiana, is a Psychedelia solo singer. He originated in Indiana (Indiana).
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, London where Boris Johnson is a leader., Boris Johnson leads London (London), whose leader is Boris Johnson.
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. Il y compris Daniel Martinez (politician) et Raul Fernando Sendic Rodríguez. Is a leader in Uruguay, where Spanish is the language.
Bananaman broadcast by STV. 
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, located in Beverly Hills, California. 
Audi e-tron is a division of Audi ed Audi. 
Aaron Turner uses the Electric guitar and performs black metal music. Death metal is a fusion genre of Black metal, which derives from death metal. 
Ayam penyet is a food found nationwide in Java, where Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups. It can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore. , Ayam Penyet comes from Indonesia (in Malaysia) e Singapore; it has an ethn group called bananaמוסan.
Mae is a language spoken in Finland, where Sami is one of the languages. 
Aaron Boogaard, a member of Wichita Thunder, was born in Regina, Saskatchewan. He is 1.905 m tall and plays for wichita Viking.
Il-Grup Pangasinense is l'ethnic group in the Philippines, a country where one of the ethnic groups is Philippine. 
Alan B. Miller Hall, which is owned by the College of William and Mary, was built on 30 March 2007 in Virginia. It has a legislated on 31 March 2007.
Gordon Marsden is a leader in Blackpool, where the ground of A.F.C. blackpool was managed by Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for KV Mechelen and Chesterfield FC.
250 Delaware Avenue, which was constructed in janvier 2014, has 12 floors and an architecture style postmoderne. It is a total area of 30843.8 square metres. Its construction began on Jan 2014.
Amarillo, Texas is a part of Randall County in Texas. In the United States, there are an ethnic group called Native Americans and includes l' ethno-groupe degli U.S.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where Tabaré Vázquez is a leader. Il y's people of Uruguay are known as Uruguayans.
New York City, a New Netherland in the United States, is part of Manhattan. , Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York city (part de Manhattan) and New Nitherland.
Atiku Abubakar, was in office while Mike Akhigbe had Vice President and Oladipo Diya as predecessor. , AbdulsalamiAbubakar (whose succeeded by Atiku Awbakar) was en office avant quelqu'un de la Vice-Président M. Akibg; became vice-president J.O.J. O.Di.
A Glastonbury Romance, in print, has an ISBN number of 0-7156-3648-0. It is available in Print and has the ISBN Number of 0-675-93-684.
Sara Miller McCune e's founder of SAGE Publications, which is abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q. It is published by Sage Publications. 
AIP Advances, published by the American Institute of Physics, was edited by A.T. Charlie Johnson in the U.S.A.R.I.F.J.Y.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County in Indiana. It has a population density of 783.1 (inhabitants per square kilometre) and its total area is 4.14 sq km.
Abner W. Sibal, a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District, was born in Ridgewood, Queens. He represented the United States where Donald J Irwin succeeded Abner W Sbal.
J.V. Jones e J V Jones wrote A Fortress of Grey Ice, ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6., A fortress Of GreyIce (ISBN number 0-67653-633-6) was written by Jv Jones. It has the ISBN Number 0-87653-06-6.
Lellwyncott Williams & Wilkins is a leader of the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II leads an AIDS journal. Lippincott (William-Wellkins) was published in London.
Albennie Jones e's genre jazz, which originated from blues and Afrobeat is a fusion genre in Jazz., Abrabeat rock musician Albenny Jones performer Jazz, it has its stylistic origins in the Blues and Africanbeat.
GMA New Media, a Quezon City, is l'industrie degli Entertainment. Ils produciscono un Web web in World Wide Web and subsidiary Philippine Entertainment Portal. 
Sausage is an ingredient in Bacon Explosion which comes from the United States, where sausage can be found. 
The OCLC number of Aenir is 45644811, and it has the ISBN number 45644531.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka, where Arabian Sea is to its west. It's home to the east of Kadunar al-Arabien Sea. 
Anders Osborne, a rock musician, is associated with Tab Benoit and Galactic band. Anders Osborn plays Rock music. He has Billy Iuso and TabBenoit.
107 Camilla was discovered by N.R. Pogson. 
At 12 metres above sea level, l'IATA is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. It is an elevation of 12.6 meters al-dessus de la surface. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark. 
Bhajji is a food found in the Karnataka region of India, where Narendra Modi and Vajubhai Vala are leaders.
Hypermarcas, a type of pharmaceutical industry, manufactured by cosmetic products. It is employed in biopharmaceuticals and producing cosmétiques. 
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which comes from New York, United States. It can be found in the U.S.A. and it includes Sponge Cake. 
A Glastonbury Romance, a hardcover, has an OCLC number of 76798317 and an ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0. It can be found in Hardcover., OCLC Number 7679817 (ISBN number: 0-676-84-0) is 76798217; it should be heard in bhardcover.
Andrew White, whose genre is alternative rock, has a member of the band Marry Banilow. Andrew White performs Alternative rock music.
Il-parent company Wolters Kluwer, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins is published in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders. Il-y's journal AIDS (journal) can be found in this country.
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans. It was written in English which comes from Great Britain.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He became test pilot and died in California. It was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold MMedal.
Al Anderson, a member of the band NRBQ, became active in 1966. He is associated with The Wildweeds and has played for the NBQ band. 
Amdavad ni Gufa located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. It is led by T S Thakur and l'Assemble législative Uttar Pradesh. Il y a leader in India; it is governed by L.L.G.
Aleksandra Kovac, a solo singer, was born in Belgrade in 1972. Aleksandra Kovač's genre is pop music and he became active in 1971.
3Arena a Dublin, Poblacht na Repubblica Irlande, is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. Críona Ní Dhálaigh leads Dublin in the Republic of Ireland.
Trane, a subsidiary in Ireland, is located in Europe. Trane was founded in La Crosse ( Wisconsin) and has 29,000 employees.
Alfredo Zitarrosa performs Milonga music. 
Abradab a solo singer. Abradab's background is solo singing., Agadab has an background as sol-singer.
Akron Summit Assault is a ground in Akron, Ohio, U.S. In the United States. J-W United FC are champions of the Premier Development League. 
Austin, Texas is part of Williamson County, where Georgetown is a county seat. Austin (part of Williamson County) and Houston is the largest city in Texas. Il y's Spanish language is one of its languages.
(410777) 2009 FD, which was discovered by Spacewatch, has a periapsis of 882343000000.0., Spacewatch is the discoverer of 4107772009 FD (410777) 2009. It has an peripopsis of 8782344000000,0.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and was awarded the Purple Heart., Abraham, Aaron St-Deggent became a member of the battle of Fellowsburg (w).
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the Invasion of Grenada, during the Korean War. Ils faisons part of the Fuiseaux de la Granna, en marching in battles in Greater Spanja. 
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090, India. It has 700 postgraduate students and is a campus at In Soldevalahalli (Acharya) Dr SravastipalliRadjakrishnani Road; Hessargitta Main Way, Bangalore – 563380.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Narendra Modi and Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly are leaders in India.
Anders Osborne, a rock musician, is associated with Tab Benoit and TabBenoit. He has collaborated with the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. Anders Osborn plays Rock music but he belonged to Tab benoit or Tab Binoit as well as Billy Iuso.
Al Asad airbase in Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force. It has a runway length of 307,48.
Drew Caldwell is a leader of Brandon, Manitoba.  Led by Drew Calwell as l'or דרו Campbellwell.
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army. , Allan shivers was a member of the U.S. Arm.
Andra, a solo singer, has rhythm and blues genre. Disco derives from disco.
The Atlas II, a diameter of 3.04 m, was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36. L'Atlas II originated in the United States. It had its final flight on March 16th 1998. Il y includes an orbiter devandenberg air force base; it is 3.58m long., Il t-il l'Attel II originates from the U.S. A.T.
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen II and plays for VfL Wolfsburg. He is a member of the club SV Weder Brebner II. 
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown, Charlotte Town., Abraham McQuid's place of birth e'nCharlottetown.
A.C. Chievo Verona, which play in Serie A, are located at Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi and is a home ground of A. C.Chievo (Verona) where they have l'stadio Marc’Antonio bentegoditi. 
Izmir, Turkey was inaugurated on 27 July 1932. It is located in Izmir (Turquie) which had its inauguration on the 27th August 1932.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is part of new Mexico. It has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre and its area code is 505, 575. Il y includes 486.2 sq km/l., Albaquierque (New Mexico) hails un total area of 490.9 sqkm; it has an area type of land 496.2 Sq km. L'endroit n-est 1232,3 in
Buzz Aldrin, a Glen Ridge, New Jersey, was born in Glen- Ridge. He spent 52.0 minutes in space and fought in Apollo 11.
Ay Wilder was born in Sweden on 23rd July 1982. He is a solo singer and he became active in 1981., Ye يورجين, who belonged to solo singing, fought in Stockholm on 7th مارس 1982.
In the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group, there are native americans.  Il-Americans in the U.S. include l-ethnique ethnique degli Stati Uniti o indigenous.
Walter Baade, a German national, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He attended the University of Göttingen. Walter baade is an Alma mater degli U.G. Gottingen.
L'1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba Iulia, Romania, where the leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. L'université dei 1 Decreti 1918 (Iulia), l'y compris Bucharest. Il y hails an ethnic group in Romania: Germans of Romania. Leur capital c'est Bucarest and laissez-passer le Deșteaptă-te, romane!.
Massimo Drago played for Delfino Pescara 1936 and plays for the club Defino Speziara, 1936. 
AIDAstella, owned by Costa Crociere, is operated by AIDA Cruises in Germany. It is located in Germania. , it's owner of the Aidastella comes from Germany and operates by cost crociere. 
Aaron Deer, a Psychedelia musician, plays the guitar and performs Psychedelicia. 
Alessio Romagnoli, whose club is UC Sampdoria, plays at AC Milan. Siniša Mihajlović and Silvio Berlusconi are a gestionnaire of A.C. Milan in the Italy national under 17 football team.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II, where Chiang Kai-shek was a commander. Il y served in the United States Army.
Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay, where Juan Afara is a leader. Agustin Barboz died in Asuncion (part of Gran Asunción) which has Mestizo as one of its ethnic groups., Agustín Barbozo's birth place dei Buenos Aires, part of gran Asunciones, en Paragua, whose leader is Juan Aufara. Il y includes an ethnique ethnique called Mest
Albany, Georgia is part of Dougherty County,Georgia in the U.S. where African Americans are an ethnic group.
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, Denmark, was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16 000 students. Il y a student whose school is located in the region of Danemark. , L'école deffari et sociali at an Autunno-Aarhus (Dןjanvier 1928) ha un itinerario eredité en 1928.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines, where Chinese Filipino are an ethnic group. 
Marv Wolfman a awarded Eagle Award (comics).
Il-Aviation Forces United States, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom, operates Al Asad airbase. Lockheed AC-130 and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle are a fighter for the U.S. Air Force is l'équiping organisation dei bagar fl-Afghanistan.
L'Université 1 Decembrie 1918 s'inscrit in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is a leader. It is led by Prime Minister of Romania. Il y l'université dei 1 Decreti 1918 f'est en Roumanie.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the U.S.T. system and died in St Louis.
Buzz Aldrin, who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a Sc.D. In 1963, became an Apollo 11 where William Anders is the backup pilot.
At Antwerp International Airport is operated by Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works, which serves the city of Francois. L'arrivée de l'aerfort international n'est owned by Flemish Region. Il s'occupyd by Brussels International airport (il gestionnaire for mobility and public works).
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain. It is 610 metres above sea level and it has a runway length of 3500.0., Agraham Adolfo SuarezMadrid–Barrajas airport is situated at Madrid (part of the community of Madrid).It is 610.0 meters above sae level; it can be found in Spain.
A.S. Roma, a full name Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A and has 70634 members. It play in the Serie A 2014-15 season. 
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., has an ISSN number 1588-2632 and an LCCN number 89646315., LCCN Number 83645315, Acte Mathematics Fulurica (abbrv. It.)
Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II leads. 
Lockheed Martin is the fabricant of Atlas II, which was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It was manufactured by Lockheed Marguer., L'Atlas II (Manufactured Hong Kong Martin) had its Launch site at Cape CAveral air force Station.
Bacon Explosion, which is part of the main course, is a bacon. Bacon is an ingredient in it. 
Alan Frew performs rock music, which originated from country music and originates from Rock music. 
Alan Bean, a United States national, was born in Wheeler, Texas. He operated Apollo 12 by NASA and David Scott as an commander., American Alan Bean is defunted.
John Cowper Powys is the author of Wolf Solent, which was written by John CowperaPowys. 
Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II leads an AIDS journal. 
Arlington, Tarrant County is part of Texas where Houston is the largest city. Fort Worth and Houston are an county seat in Texas.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst., is a academic discipline of Computer Science and it has an ISSN number 1046-8188.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company on May 1950-August 1956. It is 17068.8 millimetres long, it has 12 cylindres, an V12 engine and a length of 12.
 Potter County, Texas is a state in Texas., Pensylvania County (Texas) is part of Texas.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, U.S. In the United States, where English is the language and Texans are an ethnic group. 
Abel Hernandez, whose club is Peñarol, plays for Central Espanol. He was manager of Hull City A.F.C. Steve Bruce and he has a youth team in Central Español. 
Addis Ababa City Hall, a hauteur de 42 m, is 42m. It's current tenants are the Government of Addis-Ababa and it has 41 m tall. 
Acura is a division of Honda, Acura. 
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, Denmark, was established in 1928. It is affiliated with the European University Association. Il y have 737 academic staff but it has 16 000 students., Il l'Accademia de Business-et Social Science at Asservatoire (in 1928). L'Istituto eredited en 1928; c'est a référence all'Essociazione Universitafricaراطية Europea. Y
The Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels., A1 (assemblata en Audi, Bruxelles).
Il Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan. Is é an Memorial Turicirs' tzigan name turc Şehitleri Aniti, dedicator do the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku., The memorial turchier sa Baku u Azerbaïdjan is dedicated to na huseyin Bütüner agus Hilmi Guner. It was desegnat by Huseyin Butuner 
Atlanta, which has a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre, has an area code 404, 678, 470 and it has 347.1 sq km. Its total area is 34,7.1 (square kilometres).
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and worked as Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria).
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the overland Campaign and fecame part of the Underland., The Battle of Alfred Mayer Scalers was for the underland campagna.
The Battle of Fredericksburg was part of the American Civil War conflict.  La Bataille of FEDERFCBURG consists in an American civil war conflict.
Poaceae, a monocotyledon class. Poaceae are types of 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) where the surface type is poaceae. 
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors. It was designed by 3XN and operated by Bella Center. Il y'll belongs to Bella Centre et l'intermédiaire du Marriott international.
Abilene, Texas is part of Taylor County, Ohio in the United States. Washington DC is the capital of the U.S. Abilena's capital and Washington D.C.
Anaheim, California is a leader of Anaheim. Anaheimer, CA's House of Representatives (part of the United States Congress). Is located in the U.S.A. and it is part of New York Congress.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv, which is managed by Oleh Luzhny. Il y a member of FC Samtredia whose ground is l'Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Ohio in the United States. Washington D.C. Ils are an ethnic group from the U.S.A. where English is one of the languages and Asian Americans live.
The Memorial of Baku Turkish Martyrs is made from red granite and white marble. 
Aenir was followed by Above the Veil, which is written in English. It comes from Au-The Veil.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is the leader. Ayam Penyet comes from Java and it has an ethnic group of Banyumasan people.
Meyer Werft was a builder of the AIDAstella, which is built by Meyer Werfl. 
The novel Into Battle, which was followed by The Violet Keystone and Aenir. It was preceded by Castle (novel) in Australians. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, a full name of Agremiação Sifl. It has 17000 members and they are 16,000 member. 
Alan Bean, a test pilot, was born in Wheeler, Texas. He attended UT Austin, B.S. 1955. In 1955, Alan Bean became an Apollo 12 crew operated by NASA and David Scott.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where the leader is Tabaré Vázquez and Daniel Martínez. Il y compris Uruguayans; c'est l'Uruguayan whose politician is Daniel Martinez.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States, where Americans are known as americans. 
Ahmad Kadhim Assad's club is PAS Tehran F.C. and he played for PAS Taheran FC. 
L'Alhambra a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes is located in Deptford. It has an engine type of Humfbra, Deftford.
Trane, a 29,000 employs, has un revenue of 10264000000, and an annual net income of $556,300,000.,  Trane (conduit 19,000 people) ha 39000 salaries, bénéficiet d'une croissance de $10,264,000,000, et obtenir une indemnité net 56300,000, 000.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, United States. He died in the New Mexico Territory.
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC, was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky. It has an epoch date of June 27th 2015. Its periapsis is 419113394.55312 (kilometres).
Chinabank, which was founded in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands, is a public company. Chinabank comes from the insular Gouvernement degli Isolants., الصينbank (founded at Idirguverneure des Illinois) operates commençant dans un secteur public.
Bakso is a food found in Chinese cuisine, Indonesia. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia, where one of the languages is Indonesian and it comes from.
Binignit includes sweet potato, which is a division of Fruiting Plant. It is an ingredient in Binignit and it is part of the filling plant. 
Alex Plante, a member of Anyang Halla, was born in Manitoba in 1989. He played football for Asang Halli.
Agnes Kant risiede in the Netherlands. 
Adenan Satem graduated from the University of Adelaide., The Alma mater of AdenanSatem is Université of Adena'l.
Ajoblanco aménagtaithe in Andalusia, Spain. Ajoblanco comes from Andalussia, where Susana Diaz and Felipe VI are leaders.
Alkmaar Zaanstreek is a full name of AZ Alkmaar, which fought in 2014 and has 17023 members. 
Agra Airport is located in India. It is operated by the Indian Air Force and it has VIAG as an ICAO Location Identifier of Agra., In India, Agra Airport (IATA location identifier VIA G). L'Operating organisation for Agra Aviation Force indiana. Is l'ICAO Lieuaire at Agra isVIAG.
The AIDS journal is a academic discipline of HIV, which is part of the Orthoretrovirinae family. Il'y compris l'université dei HIV (journal).
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria, where Doris Bures is a leader. He died in Graz. Desidered an Austrian German and the language spoken in Austria.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci, who plays for Genoa C.F.C. and Real Madrid FC. 
The ground of A.F.C. Fylde is located in the Fylda. 
Chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which has chorizo as one of the ingredients. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the U.S.T.A. and died in St Louis.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where Houston is the largest city., L'Aerfort County Andrews can be found in Austin, U.S. Aetroport County Atlanta has Houston as one of its grandes cities.
Alvah Sabin, a part of Vermont, Illinois, became active in the 3rd Congressional District. He began his career on March 4th 1853 and died in Sycamore (Illinois).
Dodge Coronet - un body style de hardtop. It has a V8 engine, an alternative name of the 1955 Dodge coronet. 
Bandeja paisa, a food found in the Paisa region of Colombia. Bandeja paisa comes from the paese region; it includes Lemon and is part of the Rosids or de la Rutaceae family.
Atlantic County, New Jersey is located in the U.S.A.
L'Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. It has a runway name of South Runway.
Albennie Jones e's genre is rhythm and blues. Rhythm and Blues originated from blues.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States and died in New York City. He worked as a U.S. Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. John N Dempsey succeeded Abraham A'r Ribcoff, whose successor was John Nempseye.
Aleksandr Chumakov played football for FC Torpedo Moscow, which was managed by Valery Petrakov. Aleksandr Tukmanov is a chairman of FC Turmakov who play in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989. He played for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Abel Caballero, a Ponteareas in Spain, was born in Galicia (Spain).
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, in the U.S. where Native Americans are an ethnic group. , Amarillo (I) is patrocinad by Potter Count, Austin, Illinois, United States. Il y includes l' ethno-groupe degli Stati Uniti u native americans.
Binignit contains sweet potato and banana. It is a main ingredient in Binignit, which has fruits or banana as one of its ingredients. 
Olympo Diya e Oladipo Diya preceded Mike Akhigbe.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. William M. O. Dawson succeeded Albert B. White, whose married Agnes Ward white, b'w-pháirtylvania, Bloomington (Maryland).
Il-Municipality of Gettysburg in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Carroll County (Maryland) and Cumberland County to its southeast is Franklin County. Il-ll-w-L-Yl-At'il-U.S. L-I.P. I.T. Y.F. Def. def
Austin, Texas is a part of Travis County in Texas. In the U.S. Austin originates from America.
Arròs negre, a saquid is an ingredient in Arròs Negre (in Spain).
Allan Shivers, a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 Port Arthur, was succeeded by Ben Ramsey. 
Addiction (journal) a abbreviated to Addiction, is l'accademia dei Jurisprudence. It has an ISSN number of 0965-2140., L'Accademia Deicidide(journal), abruzzed by Aaddiction, belongs to the academic discipline D'Agustine. L'isjn number 10لتزماته (10телька).
Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He served as a test pilot and became an Apollo 12 operated by NASA. Alan Bean is an American who retired.
Il Memorial turc Turk Martyrs' memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where Huseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner was designed by Hüseyin Butuner et Halimi Güner. , Türk Şehitleri Anıtı - the native name of Baku Turkey Marryers' Musée are based in Azerbaïdjan.
Wiley-Blackwell is the publisher of Addiction journal. 
Lancia Thema is the location of Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy. Il's capital city is Rome and it is a related means of transport to Lancia Mondee. 
1101 Clematis has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, periapsis is 445895000000.0. 
Led AIDS (journal) is in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders. It's a leader of the U.K. whose capital c'est London. Ild SIDA journal passed in this country. Is u English is one of its languages.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of November 4th 2013, it has a escape velocity of 0.0999 km per sec. Its époch is on 31st December 2013., The celestial body known as (11063)1998 RO1. It had an apocyd date 2004-11-04 and its fuga  Veloce 0,0999 kilometres per second.
Anaheim, California a total area of 131.6 square kilometres, is 48 metres above sea level. It has an elevation of chlár eagair 121.6 sq km.
Airey Neave, who fought in World War II, started his career on 30th June 1953. It was involved in battles in the World war II. 
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a nationality of the United States, was born in New Britain (Connecticut) e married to Ruth Ribickoff. In which is an ethnic group there are Native Americans. 
250 Delaware Avenue located in the United States, where John Roberts is a leader. It has an ethnic group of African Americans and it is led by l'U.S. J. Roberts as its title President. Il y hails un seul téléphone o English.
Siomay is a variation of Shumai and it can be varied by siot may. 
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. It has a 21.2 m long beam, and it was constructed at the Arc Tech Helsinki shipyard.
Alfons Gorbach, a married to Imst, was born in Ist. He died in Graz. It is located in the state of Tyrol (state).
Binignit, which is a food found in the Philippines, include sweet potato and banana. Il's main ingredients are banana.
Stuart Parker, a manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, is attached to Irlam Town FC and he plays for KV Mechelen.
Philippe of Belgium is a leader in Belgium, where Philippe de Belgium. 
A.D. Isidro Metapan, which has 10000 members, can be found in the Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez and it has 10 000 members. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where Daniel Martinez is a politician. Il's leader is Daniel Martínez (politician).
Aleksandr Prudnikov является членом ФК Аleksandr Посадочной полосы и играет в Чемпионате Колумбия по футболу Аполлона Мэрис Мишель.
Amsterdam- Centrum is a part of Amsterdam-Centre. 
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Artur Rashizade leads. 
The Antares rocket, manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, was launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It had its maiden flight on April 21th 2013 and it was made by the Awji Defence Office., Antares (missile) is manufactured by Yzhnofoye Development Office et has an May 21st 2013.It's first din flight of April 21, 2013 a final launch site atMid-
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., The Abbreviation of the Acte Matamaitica Hungaria (abbreviate to ItaMath.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, in the United States, where Richard J Berry is a leader. It is governed by Albuquerques City Council (led by Richardj Berry).
Il Claude Bartolone is a leader in France, where Barny Cakes can be found. Il y compris several types of garçons, c'est l'endroit de France quelqu'un d'entre eux: Gérard Larcher and Guortel Lacher.
L'Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Milan, is a related means of transport to the Fiat Croma. Il y assemble en Milan.
107 Camilla, which was discovered by E. Wells, has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and its periapsis is 479343000.0 kilometres. Its apoapsis is 560937000.0 (kilometres).
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is headquartered at the Four World Trade Center. 
Ajoblanco, a bread, almonds, garlic, water, oil and olive oil. Ajoblanco comes from Andalusia in Spain. It is also known as Ajo Blanco.
(66063) 1998 RO1, which has an epoch date of November 4th 2013, had an orbital period of 360.29 days. Its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 (kilometres).
Alan Frew, a solo singer, performs rock music. Rock music originated from blues and country music but bhangra is an element of the fusion genre debhogra.
Hypermarcas, a company in São Paulo, has 10252 impieciens. It is operated by i pharmaceuticals and its subsidiary is Mantecorp. Il'y acquiert un revenue of 1800000000 per l'enfance.
A Wizard of Mars, a hardcover, was written by Diane Duane. It has an OCLC number 318875313 and an ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Enseignement Tecnico, Mumbai. Il y'll belonged to the International Tennis Federation. , Is a sport offered tennis, l'Istituto de Tech Acharya (in Belgeum). L'istruzione Tecnica tal-Industrissage Tal-India
Abel Hernandez, whose club is Peñarol, plays for Central Espanol. He played football for U.S. Città di Palermo and poliziarol. 
Pietro Grasso - leader in Italy, where A.C. Lumezzane's ground is located. 
The AIDAstella was christened on March 16th 2013, and its christening date is the 16nd of March 2013.
Airbus Group is the parent company of Airbus Defence and Space, which manufactured Ariane 5. It is a subsidiary of the Aircraft Grupp. 
Livorno Calcio S.p.A. L.S. Livorno Football, which has 19238 members, is a home ground at Stadio Armando Picchi and in the 2014-15 Serie B season. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice, published by J.V. Jones, is available in print. It has an OCLC number 51969173 and an ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., is in the academic discipline of math and it has an ISSN number 0236-5294., L'injonction deontologie Matamaitica (abbrv. AttaMath.
Born in Windsor, Connecticut, Al Anderson was a member of the band NRBQ. He became active in 1966 and is associated with The Wildweeds.
The AIDAluna is a Sphinx class cruise ship.  L'Aidaluna, semplificated by l'escalad croisière dei paes.
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000.0 and y'repipso 307816000000,0.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe is an currency of Sri Lanca's rupee., Sri Lanka, l'east Province India, hails Ampara hôpital; it is situated in St. Lanka.
Alvah Sabin, a member of the Secretary of State of Vermont, was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce. 
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090.
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore, where they are beef kway teow and Indonesia. 
Abilene, Texas - 524.0 metres above sea level. It has a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and its area code is 325. Il y includes environ 286.5 sq km/q.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington, in the United States where Washington D.C. is the capital and Auburn (part of Queen County).
18R/36L - the name of the runway at Allama Iqbal International Airport. 
Alan Martin played football for Clyde F.C. whose ground is Broadwood Stadium and has Barry Ferguson as its manager. Alan Martin plays for Barrow A.F.FC.
Anaheim, California is a part of Orange County in California. It is led by the United States House of Representatives who are located in the U.S. A.L. Anaheim (part ofOrange County), California.
Frank de Boer, who played for Ajax Youth Academy, is manager of AFC Airways., Fener Frank De Boer has a member of the Olympic Association and he plays for football club Aaron youth Academy.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, in Opelika. Il y a county seat dei L'U.S. E.R.E. Auburn (part of Le County), Ohio. Dei l'Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
James Craig Watson, a nationality of Canada, discovered 103 Hera., Il-Canadian James Craig (Canada) was the discoverer of 103Hera.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, l'U.S. Barack Obama is a leader in Albuquerche City Council. Il y includes the English language and bénéficier degli ethnic group of Native Americans.
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of the Minister for Health, was born in Athens, Grecia. He worked as Aire per la santé. 
At located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. It is part of the U.S. Aetroport Regional Airport Alpena which is situated within Wilson township (Alpena County).
Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy, which has a Chicken as one of its ingredients. 
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham, a has an epoch date of December 31st 2006, and it discovered 107 Camilla., L-Epoch de 107 Cama is on 31 December 2006. L-Oggson (New Zealand).
Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is a director of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Soldevanahalli (Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road), Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Baymax played in the film Big Hero 6.
Albany, Georgia is a part of Dougherty County,Georgia in the U.S. Americas and Native Americans are an ethnic group de l'Amérique.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and serves Amsterdam. It has a runway name 06/24 Kaagbaan, an length of 2014.0., At scaipeadh ar 3.3328. L'arrivée de Stáit Amstardam, i gcomparáid le hArd-Üleibhéal na hIdirlíon Aerfort Speiphol (Spiriph), l'ascach
Abilene, Texas is part of Texas., Il-Istitut Texas dei Texas are a parts of Austin.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce et al. It has 512 pages and was published in E-Book., EricFlint (Virginia De Marce) et Al. is a member of the E book which had 512 page.
Lerney Airport serves Alderney and is a part of the city ofAlderney. 
Alvah Sabin, who was born in Georgia, Vermont, occuped l'État-Unif. He worked as a Secretary of Stáit Vormont; burlington is part of the 3rd Congressional District (Vermont).
Aaron Turner a member of the Mamiffer band and is associated with an American House of Low Culture. He fought in Black metal, which fusion genre dei Death metal.
Gary Cohn created Bolt (a comic character) o Paris Cullins. 
Batagor, a variant de Siomay, hails peanut sauce. Il y compris Batagor and batagor are types of dessert. 
AIDAluna, owned by AIDA Cruises, is powered by the Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in Illinois, United States. Douglas R Oberhelman as a key person on l'U.S. A.L.A. E. L.I.E.C.
Albany, Georgia - part of the U.S.A. where Americans are an ethnic group and one of its leaders is l' President. Il y compris Albany in Georgia (part of United States), a country led by u president. Is évident quelqu'un degli États-Unis, i n-organizzazioni ethniques comestibles commest Asia americans.
Sandesh (confectionery) e Sandesh is an ingredient in Baked Alaska. Il y includes Christmas pudding and sandesh are desserts. 
Ajoblanco, a derivative name is Ajo Blanco, originates from Andalusia in Spain. Il y contains water and it can be found in Ajoblanco which comes from the Andalusian region of Spain.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, which is operated by ENAIRE, is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It has a runway name 18R/36L and length of 3500.
Airey Neave, a fought in World War II, was awarded the Military Cross and began his career on 30th March 1979.
The Ariane 5 had a maiden flight on 11 August 2005, and its first voyage was on August 11, 2005.
Dan Mishkin created Bolt (comics character) and was a comic character., The comic book character Bolt, which was created by Danmishkin, was the creator of Dan MishKIN.
The Atlas II originated in the United States., Atlas II originates from the U.S.A.
The Apollo 14 is operated by NASA. 
Alan Frew is a member of the band Glass Tiger. 
Alan Bean, a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA and had Alfred Worden as an backup pilot. David Scott commanded Alan Bean in orbite 100305.0 minutes per l'espace.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, part of the community of Madrid., Agraham Adolfo SuarezMadrid Barajas airport is situated at San Sebastian de Los Reyers (part of communauté Madrid).
Julius Springer is the founder of Acta Mathematica Hungarica, which was published by Gouvernement Science+Business Media., L'Université Julius Walter (founder: Julussir). L'université Galileu Sviluppatore dei Sciences & Business Media are publishersActa Magistra Mikulica.
Baymax, a film Big Hero 6 was created by Duncan Rouleau, Americans and starred Maya Rudolph.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al-Khor Sports Club, which is located in Al Khor. Alaa Jal-Shabar plays for AL Shorta SC.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press, in the United States. It is a language of Great Britain and it is spoken in English.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino, Switzerland was established in 1996. It has 600 students and its leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which is located at Asillomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California, has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places. 
 Rodrigo Duterte is a leader of the Philippines, where Rodrigu Dutiye is president. 
A Wizard of Mars was written in English.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, A Kita, Japan. It is part of the prairie Jōta. Y's ethnic group there are Filipinos and it is situated in Japan.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level. 
Aaron Turner a musician in black metal, is associated with Greymachine and Twilight band. He plays Electric guitar. Death metal is an element of the fusion genre Black metal.
Arrabbiata sórt Arrabbiata in Rome, Italy. It is a regional region of Rome and its main ingredients includeTomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv and AS Lyon-Duchère. He formerly plays for AC Lyon Duchere.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl, y has 5300 members. It is a home ground in Italy and they have their full name: Associazione Gabbiano 1910 Siarl., Led by A.S. gubbiO 1910 (in Italy) ha 55000 members.
James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada, discovered 103 Hera on 27th August 2011 and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Andrews County Airport serves the city of Andrews, Texas. It is 973.0 above sea level and has a runway name 11/29.
L'Audi A1, manufactured by Audi, is related to the SEAT Ibiza and Volkswagen Polo. It is similar to VW Polo.
Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., where the AIDAluna power type was powered by Douglas R Oifigian. 
Alison O'Donnell started performing in 1963 and became active in folk music of Ireland. He is associated with Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet. She was signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is a leader. It's the national anthem of Canada is O Canada and its leader isElizabeth II.
Addiction (journal) a abbreviated to Addiction, is l'emb. LCCN number 93645978 and it has an ISSN number 1360-0443.
Gruppo Bertone, Turin, Italy, ha progettato Abarth 1000 GT Coupé. It was founded in Torino,איטליה. 
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which comes from France, United States or China., Baked Aghlas originates from Germany, U.S. Or China and it can be found in Christmas Pudding.
The Acura TLX, a type of luxury vehicle, is assembled at Marysville Auto Plant. It has an front-engine layout and Honda K engine., L'AcuraTLX (appartenant to the Marsville auto Plant) hails all-configuration feidhme degli automezzi in matière luxe. L'ICAO K Engine can be considered Honda k engine.
Adisham Hall, Haputale, Sri Lanka, is l'architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian. It is situated inHaputales (Sri Lanka).
Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shredded, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oryster sesame oil, it is a food found in Singapore and Indonesia.
 1097 Vicia, which has a temperature of 171.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 511592000.0 (kilometres). Its escape velocity is 0.0112 km/s per second. Its temperatura is 171,0 Kelvins and it has ad hoc as 11115990000.0 km.
Robert A M Stern e's architect of Alan B Miller Hall, a tenant dei Mason School of Business., Russie Robert A m Stern is l'architetto in Alan b. Miller hall, who was therefore affittued by Andrew J.M. Stern. 
Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot, attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963. He graduated from MIT en 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1962. William Anders is the backup pilot at Apollo 11 which operates NASA. 
Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow, which is managed by Valery Petrakow. 
The Atlas II originated in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans and is led by President. It's a country whose leader is l'U.S. E. S. A.R.A.C.
10 Hygiea, formerly known as A900 GA, has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and its époch is 2015-06-27. 
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is located in Italy, where the capital city is Rome and Sergio Mattarella are leaders. Is a language spoken in Italian.
Agustin Barboza, aménagé in Asunción, Asuncion. Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay where there are an ethnic group called Mestizo and Spanish language.
Binignit includes the main ingredients of sweet potato, which is part of the Solanales order. 
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Dinamo Batumi, whose manager is Levan Khomeriki. He formerly a member of FC Dynamo Бариferi. Il'y clubs include FC Samtredia and Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium.
The Acura TLX which is manufactured by Honda, has a Inline-four engine. It's inline four engine.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the U.S. Asia Americans are an ethnic group in this country., Mae Auburn f'en-l-ol-L-Al-Il-I.R.E.Y. Il-ll-il-i.
Hugh Hazzard is the full name of Bozo the Iron Man, which hails in it.  Il-nol-Oll-Nel-Buzzo (il-nell-infl-w-Yul-Zzard). 
Lerney Airport serves Alderney, l'Atrangerney. La 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733.0.
Antioch, California is 13 metres above sea level. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hilario Pérez. 
AZAL PFK located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.  The AZAL pFK is a shuvalsan, Bako, Azerbaïdjan.
Al Anderson, a member of the band NRBQ, plays guitar. Rock music originated from rock music and originates from blues and bhangra.
Aurakles, a alternative name of Aurakles, was created by Len Wein. It is also known as Aarusles. 
Attica, Indiana is part of Indiana where the capital is Indianapolis. Attica is in Indiana and it has a capital city called IIndianapolis.
10 Hygiea, which has a temperature of 164.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 (kilometres). Its surface area is 837080.744 square kilometres. It hails per 154.0 Kelvins and it had its orbital area: 837080,744 sq km., The celestial body known as 10 Hygia belongs to the 124.0 kelvin; it has saturation de 164kelvins.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York. 
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium, where Philippe is a leader. L'arrivée dei l'Aerfort international s'est organised by Brussels.
Buzz Aldrin, a US national, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He is an American whose nationality is the United States. 
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is a leader of Pakistan. 
Arròs negre is a grantur de Catalonia in Spain, where saquid is an ingredient.
3Arena, located on East Link Bridge, is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. It is situated at East link Bridge.
English is a language spoken in the Republic of Ireland, where English is one of the languages. 
Buzz Aldrin was a nationality in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey. John Biden is the leader of the U.S. He became an Apollo 11 which had William Anders as backup pilot.
John van den Brom, a manager of AZ Alkmaar, is i Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap. He also plays for Van der Brom whose club is De Gaffarschap.
Alan Shepard died in California, where it was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy. It has fossils such as Solodon and is a member of the US Navy.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC, M.A. in 1957 and retired on 1st August 1974.
San Sebastian de los Reyes is a food found in Spain. 
Bakso e'r food in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is a leader and Joko Widodo are leaders. Il y compris Baksò f'en Indonésie, whose capital is Jakarta.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Tab.
11264 Claudiomaccone, a periapsis of 296521000.0 kilometres, has an epoch date 26 November 2005, and it has the apophsis 295539000 (kilometres).
Bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT in the United Kingdom, where Brown sauce is an ingredient. It can also be known as Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, Rasher Sandwich, bco sanger, piece 'n-bacon, bocon cob, macon barm, wacon muffin. Il y contains brown sapore and it comes from the UK.
Atlantic City International Airport which is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has a runway name 4/22 and it can be found in the U.S.A.
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow, which was managed by Valery Petrakov. It plays in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League and fought in 2014.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995. It is a member of the year 9th July 1995 and his birth date was 09.09.1905.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is a politician. Elizabeth II is the leader of Jamie-Inji. 
Appleton, Wisconsin serves Appleton International Airport which is a part of Kimberly and Little Chute in Wisconsin.
Attica, Indiana is part of Indiana within the United States. It is a member of the U.S.A.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County in Oregon, within the U.S.A. and Benton County (in Oregon).
Addis Ababa, Addis-Ababa Stadium eccoli in Éthiopie, where Mulatu Teshome is a leader. Etiopia's governed by Mayu Tehome. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov played football for FC Dynamo Moscow and FC Terek Grozny, which is a former member of FC Spartak Moscou. He was manager Rashid Rakhimov.
Beef kway teow is a food found nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia. It's main ingredients are: Kway Teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shreed, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oryster sesame oil, it is an ingredient in keow.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an OCLC number of 78771100., Loccidentally Alcatraz Versu the Labyrinthe Libraryans is 77151100 and it's ISBN number 878771100.
General Dynamics Electric Boat which is located in Groton, Connecticut. It has a 3.8m long ship beam and it was built by General Dynamic S. J.J.C.
Bhajji is a food found in India, where T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders. 
Hypermarcas, a biotechnologie company founded on 1st January 2001, is in Brazil. It has 238.8 population density of 23.8.
Il Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom. It has Lockheed AC-130 and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon as a aircraft fighter.
Il-Aerfort International Allama Iqbal is located in Punjab, Pakistan. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority whose headquarters are a Jinnah International Airport. Is l-officier de la Provincial Assembly of La PPunjab., L-Ombudsman Airgeadais Pakistani (led by L-Episcopal Assembly) Il-Uirlis Idirnáisiúnta Al-Régionali Ta'
Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital. Ils include an ethnic group of Asian Americans and bacon Explosion.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom where London is its capital.  Lenmark is la capitale in the U.K. (capital: London). 
Joden, Godenblanco is a nickname for AFC Ajax (amateurs) who are called Joden. 
Adam Koc, a nationality of Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. Joseph Stalin commanded la Pologne; c'est pourquoi Adam Koc was born in Poland. C'était un peuple dei Polonais–Soviet war.
 Dublin is a part of the Republic of Ireland. 
10 Hygiea, which has an epoch date of 27 June 2015, has a escape velocity of 0.21 km per sec. It is 164.0 kelvins and its apoapsis is 523951582.33968 (kilometres).
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where Austin is the capital and Houston is one of the largest city., Aerfort municipal Andrews can be found in Dallas, U.S. Austin (capital: Austin).
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where it is situated.
Aaron Turner, a member of the Lotus Eaters band, is associated with Isis. He was attached to the group Lucian Eater band. 
Alison O'Donnell, a folk musician, became active in 1963. He is associated with Mellow Candle and Head South By Weaving.
Adonis Georgiadis ajourd while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister. Konstantinos Mitsotakis succeeded Adonis Gérardis. 
Ashgabat International Airport, which is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines, has a runway name 12R/30L. Its length is 2989.0 and it is 211 metres above sea level. It is situated in Ashgabata. L'arrivée degli Aerfort International airport is affiliated with Turkey Airlines. Il y serves 211 km/h i n-urbain 11R 30L.
Alessio Romagnoli played for UC Sampdoria. He is a member of A.C. Milan, where Siniša Mihajlović is the manager. Il s'il gestionnaire dei AC Milan whose manager is Sinisa Mihajlovic. 
Abradab érigerait hip hop music. Hip hop is a sub genre of Gangsta rap and drum and bass derived from Drum and Bass.
Athens, where Giorgos Kaminis is a president, is the home ground of AEK Athens F.C. They are based at the Olympic Stadium in Athens, whose mair is Giochi Campiens. 
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. Il's main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Andrew White is a musician of alternative rock, whose fusion genre is Nu metal and nu metal. Andrew White performs Alternative rock.
Aenir, which preceded by Castle (novel) is a sequel to Above the Veil in Australians. It was followed by Aenur and it comes from Australia. 
Alfred Garth Jones, a governed by the Labour Party (UK), died in Sidcup, London. He was born in Manchester and is led by The European Parliament.
Adam Koc, a nationality of Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. J. Stalin commanded Joseph Stalin. L.K. Adam Koc (in Polonia) became part of the Kashubian language.
Alan Shepard died in California. 
Bandeja paisa, a food found in the Antioquia Department, Colombian cuisine. Bandeja paisa ha un ingredient de kidney bean and it is therefore l'antioquia department.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of poaceae and it has a length of 877.0., Lerney airport, which hails from Poaceae, had l'objectif de surface type peaceae.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, which had a wheelbase of 2160.0 millimetres, was produced in 1958. It has an impressive body style de two door coupé and its straight-four engine. 
Alex Day performs Synthpop, which originated from new wave music and has its stylistic origins in New Wave music. 
Aleksandra Kovac, a solo singer, was born in Belgrade in 1972. He performs rhythm and blues music.
1036 Ganymed has a temperature of 160.0 kelvins. 
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow, which is managed by Valery Petrakov. , Aleksandr Chumarkov's club is FC Tashkent mosquée, whose manager is Valeryl Petrakow.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It has Franklin County and Frederick County (Maryland) to its southeast.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte are governed by Rami Lankan rupee.
A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members and a number of members., The A F. C. blackpool, with 1500 Members, is 1500.
Arròs negre, a t-arròs Negre, is in the region of the Valencian Community in Spain. It contains Cubanelle as its main ingredients: white rice, cuttlefish or squid,cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers., Cubanelle is l-orr Arros Nule (in the community de la Valenciana). Il y comprise gran Bretagna and can be found in
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the Mayor. It is a leader of Ann-Arbor (Michigan).
Andrews, Texas serves the city of Andrews County Airport. 
Adenan Satem was the successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., which has Douglas R Oifigian as an important person. 
The Alfa Romeo 164 is classed as a executive car. 
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres. 
Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Cornell University (New York), affiliated with the Association of American Universities and it has its publishers Administrative Science Quarterly.
Andrew White started active in 2003 and was signed to Polydor Records. He is associated with Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs. It has a B-Unique Records label. Andrew White began performing in 2003.
Adam Koc, who was born in Congress Polonia Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. Il y a part of the Russian Civil War, where Joseph Stalin commanded.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico, a dessert. It includes granola as one of its ingredients. 
Inuktitut is a language spoken in Canada. 
The Antares rocket, manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, had its maiden flight on 21 April 2013 and it was launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It has its final flight 28th October 2014.
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by the Association of Techsystems. 
Atlanta is a country in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. , Atlanta is part of the U.S. E.U. which has l'ethnique ethnique degli Afro-Americans.
GMA New Media, a mass media industry, was founded on 1st January 2000, in GMA Network Center. Felipe Gozon is an key person at l'Agglomération Générale.
Abel Hernández played for Hull City A.F.C., which is managed by Steve Bruce. Abel HHernandez formerly a member of the club dei Fulc.
Dan Mishkin and Ernie Colon created Bolt, Larry Bolatinsky., The comic character Bolt (comerted by Erni Colón) is a fictional person whose alternative name isلاري Bolaetinsky.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is a leader of the State Senate. It is led by the state senate.
A Glastonbury Romance, in print, has 1174 pages. It can be found in Print., The publication of the book is print and it has 507 pages.
AWH Engineering College is located in India, where Mumbai is the largest city and Ganges are an rivers. Il y a ganges ar fud of India., L'istruzione degli AWH (université India) comes from India.
L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, which was built in Helsinki, Finland, fought in Finland. It has a 21.2 metres long and it is in service.
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kgs. 
ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups. It has an anthem called The Star Spangled Banner.
L'Aston Martin V8, assembled in the United Kingdom, is a related means of transport. It has 5.3 litres per l'Audin RHAM/1.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe is leader of Sri Lanca., Sri Lanka's governor Adil Wickredimesinke is an Hôpital Ampara which is situated within the East Province.
Buzz Aldrin was a nationality in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey. Joe Biden is the leader of the U.S.A.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, who originated from Canada. He died in Madison, Wisconsin. 
Andrew Rayel, a Trance musician, was born in Chisinau, Moldavia. He started performing in 2009 and is associated with Armin van Buuren et Christian Burns.
Adam Koc, who was born in Congress Polonia Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. Leon Trotsky is a commander in that war.
Allan Shivers, a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 Port Arthur, was part of an Democratic Party (United States), where Price Daniel succeeded.
Antioch, California's 11th State Assembly District is the leader of Antioch.
Casey Ribicoff, who was born in Chicago, is a spouse of Abraham A. Ribcoff and became married to Casey Richoff. 
A Severed Wasp, a print and is available in print. It has the OCLC number 8805735, it has an Olympia Number 8802395, its Library of Congress Classification: PS3528.E55 S4 1982., The Bibliothèque de Congress Classified (PS3516. E55S-4 1982) was ISBN 8806136, f'imprimer et publication web. Its Otomocal number is 8805858, attended publicly on print by A Sever
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, where the capital city is Salem. Il'y compris Albany (in Oregon) in the U.S. African Americans are an ethnic group.
Swords, Dublin is led by the County Manager. Swords - Dublin's title of leader is Leath manager. 
Akita Museum of Art, which was inaugurated on 28th October 2013, has 3 floors. It has a total area of 3746.66 square metres and it had its inauguration on 1998-09-28. 
Mondelez International created Barny Cakes. 
Michele Marcolini, a member of F.C. Bari 1908, was born in Italy. He is manager of AC Lumezzane and he plays for Torino FC.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, where Joko Widodo and Jadoow are leaders. It comes from the Javanese cuisine. L'Indonésien hails an currency of Indonesian rupiah.
Albany, Georgia is a part of the U.S. in Georgia, where African Americans are an ethnic group. Albany (in Georgia) comes from the United States. In which one of its habitants is americans.
A.F.C. Fylde, which has 3180 members, is a member of the Association Football Club Fylda. Ils are located in Warton, Awde. It's full name for A F.P. Fawde whose ground is warton (Alade).
Andrew Rayel, a member of Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns, performer house music. He is associated with J Waydan Meyine et Christian Brenns.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad. 
Batchoy is a food found in the Philippines.  Mae's batchuy originates from the الفلبين.
Lenonym for the United States of America, which is longly known as the U.S. A.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015.
Adam Holloway, born in Faversham Kent, England, fought in the Gulf War. Il commander dei Grachtenier Guards and Colin Powell was a Commander. 
Hypermarcas, a revenue density of 1800000000, has 10252 employees. It has 102252 employs and its net income is $108,600,000., Il'y compris 103252 occupants, Hypermarcais, whose net-infraid is 108,600,000, it has 10052 workers. Its net Indemnity measured $10,100,000, an gettito net per 10,600,000.
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run and fecame involved in battles. 
Rostock, Rostock in Germany, where Andreas Voßkuhle is a leader. Neptun Werft built A-Rosa Luna.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, in Ohio, United States. It has Opelika as a county seat. Y's where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Arròs negre is a food found in Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader. Arròs Negre comes from it. Il y hails an Spanish language of Spain.
Ahmet Ertegun, a blues musician, is from Washington DC in the United States. He originated in Washington D.C.
Ram Naik is a leader in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Bundelkhand. Il y l'Ideo Location Identifier of Agra Airport (VIAG) - VIAG. 
Il-American Karl Kesel was created by Walt Simonson.
Bacon Explosion, which comes from the United States, is an ingredient of bacon and sausage. Sausage is a main ingredient.
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988., Aser et Mary ElizabethleRichardson house, which has été aggiunto all'Annon 22, 1988, is ajouté al Registre storico places on 11.11.1988.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957 and died in California. It is a test pilot.
 1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95060.0., (1097 Viscia) has an apogée density totale 95000.0.
Bill Oddie e's child was Kate Hardie. 
A ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. It is a part of the U.S. In which one of its demonyms is American.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union., Austin a member ofAdams (Fall Creek) et Al-Aktieyl, Ribland and Union.
Anaheim, California is part of Orange County, which is in the Greater Los Angeles area. It is a part de la New York Area (United States).
Alan Martin played football for Hamilton Academical FC and barrow A.F.C., but he plays for Barrow AC.
Alex Day started active in 2006 and he is a member of Chameleon Circuit band, Charlie McDonnell. He began performing in 2006.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Sergey Naryshkin is a leader. 
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, is available in hardcover. It has an ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 and it was published in Hardcover.
Aaron Turner, a black metal musician, is associated with Greymachine and Twilight band. He plays Black metal in the group of Purplemachine.
Chinabank has a net income of 15100000000.,  Chinabank's net-income is 15,00000000.
Albennie Jones performs jazz music which originated from blues and has its stylistic origins. 
101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days., The orbitals period for 101 Eulia is 15,6.67000000003 (jours).
Bionico e's dessert is a food found in Mexico, where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader. Il y compris le Spanish language and it can be varied by Cookie.
Angola, Indiana is a part of Steuben County, Illinois, in the U.S.A. where Americans are an ethnic group and one of its leaders is President.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press, in the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. 
Massimo Drago played football for S.S. Chieti Calcio and is manager of A.C. Cesena. 
Roy D. Chapin Jr, a key person in the American Motors, manufactured AMC Matador. Il's successor was Eagle (automobile).
L'Appleton International Airport serves Appleton in Greenville, Wisconsin. It is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway name 3/21.
Trane, a subsidiary, is located in Swords, Dublin. Trane produces building management systems and has an revenue of $10,264000000, but its net income is $556,300,000.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma and White South Africans are an ethnic group. Is a part of the country's leader whose leader is Jacob Vora.
Alessio Romagnoli, who played for A.C. Milan, is a member of the FC Milan and he plays for Defender (football).
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, abbreviated to Acta Paleontol. Pol. It has an ISSN number of 1732-2421 and an LCCN number 60040714., LCCN Number 37352421, it can be considered Act A Palaesolontol.
GMA New Media is a parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal, which has I.A.N.I.P.F.
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County in Alba. 
Philippe of Belgium, l'aerfort International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgio. It is led by Charles Michel and Francois Michel. L'arrivée dei téléphone international - German. Il y compris Philippe f'Irlande.
Ice cream is a variation of desserts. 
John van den Brom played for AZ Alkmaar.  John van Den Brom is a member of the club AAZ Almaar.
Poaceae, a class of Monocotyledon, or Commelinids, is made from the 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) which has an surface type of Poaceae. 
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238] Membres. 
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor. Il y formerly play in the Qatar Stars League and are managed by Amar Osim.
Chinabank a Chinabank was founded in Manila, Philippines. It is located in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands., Federal Gouvernement insulaire degli Isoliers Filippiens (Philippines) ha fils idéal f'Manila et l'Idirguvernorat pénitencionale des Idirghanistan.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart., White Heart is an apogée de l'Abraham Chouette, Aaron Si Dagett became attached to the battle of Feithsburg (w).
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St Vincent-St Mary High School., The home ground of Akron, Assurer Alum (St. Vincent–St. Mary) is Saint Vincent –St Maria High school.
AmeriGas, a company in the energy industry, is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. AmeriGas (in the Energy Industry industry).
Acharya Institute of Technology, which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It was given the Technical Campus status by All India Council for Tecnico Education located in Mumbai., Il-Istituto Acharya In Technology (dipartimente degli Attrezzi tecnici) situated in Bangalore, Belgoum; it had a tentative campus status By AllIndia Council per Therapeutic Education at Mumbai.
The 1955 Dodge has a 230 cubic inch engine and an engine of 230 (cubic inches).
Aleksander Barkov Jr. played in the National Hockey League and is a member of the league national hockey.
Rostock, a Rostock in Germany, is led by Joachim Gauck. Neptun Werft built A-Rosa Luna.
Aaron Bertram, a ska punk musician, is associated with Kids Imagine Nation and the Suburban Legends band. Brian Robertson (trombonist) performs Ska punk.
Meyer Werft s'inscrit in Papenburg. 
Aaron S. Daggett, a Maine, was born in Mained. He fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and became awarded the Purple Heart. 
L'AMC Matador, a mid-size car, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. Il y includes an AMC V8 engine and has l'American MotorsMatador (alternatively known as American Motors Matdor).
Alan B Miller Hall, which is owned by the College of William and Mary, was built on 30 March 2007 in Williamsburg, Virginia. Il y a construction began 31 March 2007.
L'Angola International Airport is 159 metres above sea level in Icolo e Bengo, Luanda Province. It has a runway length of 4000.0 and an elevation of 159 m long., Il'l'Atroport international Angola is situated in Ícolo-e Beno (Luanda) which is part of Laanda Region. Il'll y compris 159 km/h, it is located in Ecolo
A.C. Cesena played in Serie B and has 23900 members. It is a part of the SerieB League, where there are 22900 fans. 
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090, India, is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It was established in 2000 and its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar. 
Akeem Priestley's youth club is the Jacksonville Dolphins. 
Il-Afghanistan Al Asad is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada. Il-Federal Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and Lockheed AC-130 are an aircraft fighter.
N.R. Pogson, a Nottingham, was born on 17 November 1868 and died in Chennai. It was discovered 107 Camilla on the 17th of Novembre 18th,1868., In England, N. R.Poggson is an England national. L.L.P.C. (England) eredit it 17.11.1968, et defeadh India.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. In 1957, he served as a test pilot.
Barny Cakes are a variation of apple and Apple. It has 18 g carbohydrate, 18.0g carbs, 1.8g protein.
Binignit s'installe in Visayas. , Binignit is a food found in the region of VisaYas.
FC Terek Grozny is a home ground in Grotzny. 
Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000, is a sport offered to tennis. It is governed by the International Tennis Federation.
Andrew the Apostle is a patron saint in Romania, where Andrew the Apostolle. 
Angola, Indiana is a part of Steuben County in Indiana. In the United States, where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups., L'Angola (Indiana), Indiana, Wisconsin, hails l'État Uniti; includes un group ethnique degli Amériques.
A.S. Roma, which has 70634 members, is the full name of Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's record label is Movieplay and has been signed to filmplay. 
Angola, Indiana is a part of Indiana. In the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group and includes l'Americans. It is home to Angola (in Indiana) in the U.S.
Mae sago is a main ingredient in Binignit, which includes sweet potatoes and Sago., Sago are the main ingredients of binignit (which contains sweetpotato).
Buffalo, New York, a part of Erie County, NY. 250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo (New York).
Allen Forrest was born on 4th February 1981. He performs hip hop music, which has its stylistic origins in disco and funk. Drum and bass is derived from Hip Hop music.
The protein of Barny Cakes is 1.8g and it contains 1.8 G.
Alan Bean is a national of the United States, where he was operated by NASA and David Scott as commander. 
Dodge Coronet, a derivative name of the 1955 Dodge, has an V8 engine. It is also known as the American coronet and its transmission is 3-speed automatic. 
A Wizard of Mars, a hardcover book, was written by Diane Duane. It has an ISBN number of 978-0-15-204770-2 and is available in Hardcover., The author of A's Jurisprudence de Mars (ISBN number: 0-20-15-204075-2), it can be found in Hulibri. Its ISBN Number is $978-20-4770-2.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cape Town is the capital. Cyril Ramaphosa and cyril Ramfosa are leaders.
Immicelli is an ingredient in Bakso, which includes vermicelli. 
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka, India. It was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Enseignement téléphonique which has Mumbai as its west and Arabian Sea. Il y a sports offered to tennis; it's governed by International Tennis Federation.
Alba Iulia - situate in Romania. 
Aleksandra Kovac, whose genre is rhythm and blues, was associated with Bebi Dol and K2 (Kovač Sisters duo).
HIV - razza Lentivirus. 
Antonis Samaras a successor was Konstantinos Mitsotakis. 
Aerfort County Airport Andrews is located in Texas, Illinois, United States. Austin is the capital of Texas and Houston is one of the languages Spanish.
Jens Härtel played for SV Germania Themascheiche. 
The Atlas II had a final flight on 16th March 1998.  Atlas II's last flight was on Mar 16, 1998.
Alfons Gorbach, a member of the state Tyrol, was born in Austria-Hungary. He died in Graz, Styria.
James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada, discovered 103 Hera. He died in Madison, Wisconsin and passed away from peritonitis. 
Abel Caballero, a fought in Galicia (Spain), was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain had Francisco Franco as its predecessor.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish-Soviet War and was awarded the Cross of Valour (Poland).
Arròs negre, a Catalonia, in Spain, is where Cubanelle and cubanelle are the main ingredients: white rice, cuttlefish or squid,cephalopod ink,Cubanelle peppers.
Bill Everett was awarded Eisner Award. 
Andrew Rayel, whose genre is Trance, has a stylistic origins in pop music. He was associated with Bobina and Christian Burns.
Aaron Deer played with The Horns of Happiness and is associated with the musical artist, The Corns Of  felicity., Aaron deer was a member of the corns di  felicita' and he plays for the Horn S of Fatitude.
The Dead Man's Plack, dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia, is made from rock (geology).
Led by Mondelez International, which was founded in Chicago, France. Barny Cakes were created by Marchel International (New York), where Gérard Larcher is a leader.
Aerfort County Airport Andrews is located in Texas, Illinois, U.S. Texan et Texans are a typical language of Texas. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C., Ediraião Sindrome Tabular-Città Sao Paulo (Brésil). Illégial c Olimpiction  Guarani Région Brésile competent per la Journée Buenossima Série C.
Alberto Teisaire, a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy, was born on May 5th 1891, Mendoza, Argentina. He worked as an Provisional President of the Senate Argentini. Isaac Rojas is succeeded by Jacqueline RojAS. 
101 Helena was discovered on 15 August, 1868. James Craig Watson is a national of Canada and attended the University of Michigan. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Bandeja paisa - a food found in Paisa region, Colombia. Il y compris red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), albico e lemon. , Bandeja paisa comes from paese region of Colombia.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He represented Kota Samarahan and resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching,Sarawak., Abraham Taïb Mahmoud (born in royaume sarawak) situated in Dili Samhukumania, partly from Kota Samaranku. His party derives da kejawan-Parti
Meyer Werft built l'AIDAstella, a length of 253260.0 millimetres, is operated by AIDA Cruises. Its top speed is 38.892 and it has an beam of 32.2.
Gangsta rap is a subgenre of Hip Hop music. 
Al-Khor Sports Club is a member of the Qatar Stars League. 
The escape velocity of 1089 Tama is 0.0068 km per sec., With an impulsion measurement of 0,0068 kilometres per second, 1099 Tama has a length of 0.0168km/s.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army. , Abdulsalamu Abublanco was a member of the Nigérian Armando.
Aaron Turner performs black metal music. 
Albany, Oregon is a part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States. Washington D.C. C'est la capitale degli Stati Uniti, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada, discovered 101 Helena. It has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire. He became a member of Apollo 14 operated by NASA in 1959 and is deceased.
Sain China, where Standard Chinese is the language and Baked Alaska comes from. It can be found in China which has standard Chinese as one of its languages. 
Nis Voutsis is a leader in Greece, where the leader of which is Nikos Poutsis. 
Abel Caballero s'in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch.
Aaron Bertram, a member of the Kids Imagine Nation, is associated with the Suburban Legends band and plays under the band Kids Imagin Nation.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is part of Michigan, in the United States. It is located in Michigan (in the U.S.).
Addis Ababa City Hall, which is 42 m in hauteur, has an area of 140000.0 square metres. Its current tenants are the Government of Addis-Ababa and its current Tenants are governed by Adab.
Il Memorial turco-murrs' located in Azerbaijan, where Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner are dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Halimi Güner.
Anders Osborne, a member of Theresa Andersson, is associated with Billy Iuso and theres an associate., Adir Anders Oborne was affiliated with the musical artist בילי Íuso e Therese Asborn; it has also belonged to other musician Thereisa Amarsson. 
AmeriGas serves the United States, where AmeriGas is a company in the energy industry.
Audi, a division of Audi e-tron and Ducati. Audi was founded by August Horch. A1 is manufacturd by Audi, whose subsidiary devient Deucati.
The Alhambra has a top speed of 18.52 km/h. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is available in hardcover. It contains Hardcover.
Giulio Giorgos Kaminis is a maire in Athens, where Gior Gos Kamini's president. 
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0., Aarhus airport has a raggio de 272.0 meters long.
Batchoy contains shrimp and it is a food found in the Philippines. 
Bhajji is a food found in the Karnataka region of India, where T. S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders. Bhajji comes from an Indian people whose denomination include Indians. 
Baked Alaska, which comes from Paris, New York or Hong Kong, in the U.S. A main ingredients are meringue, Ice cream and sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Buzz Aldrin, a retired in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20th January 1930. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Sc.D. in 1963. In 1963, he became part of Apollo 11.
Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikkou, Maroc. 
L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, which was built in Finland, operated at Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. It has a 21.2 metres long and is in service.
Abradab, a Born in Katowice, Poland, was born in Pologne. , Abradab (born in Cracovie), Polania, Polonia.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090, India; it was established in 2000. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar and its president is B.M. Reddy., Acharya Institute of Technology (founded in 2000) which has b. M.Reddy as a
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr., he graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. in 1963. He served as a crew member of Apollo 11.
1. FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season. , 1 FC Magdeburg fought in 2014.
Trane, which was founded in La Crosse Wisconsin, is located in Ireland, Europe. Trane comes from LaCrosse ( Wisconsin).
Bhajji is a food found in India, where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader.  Bhajji comes from India and its leader is Suamitra Maharajan.
Sadique Abubakar a commander in the Nigerian Air Force. 
Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata which comes from Italy, it can be found in Italy. 
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore, where Standard Chinese is the language. It comes from Singapore. 
300 North LaSalle, Illinois, has 60 floors and is located in Illinois. , 300 North LASalle (Illinois) a total area of 60 palazzos.
Il Delta II, which originated in the United States, originates dagli USA. It was launched from Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. L'Antares (missile Antares) is similar a DeltaII, it has an orbital dei vandenberg F.F.
Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, Bacon sanger, piece-n-bacon, bocon cob, barm, macon muffin. It has bread as one of its ingredients. 
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which are located in Pacific Grove, California, were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987. It is a reference number 87000823 and it was aggiunto al March 27th 1987.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica is in the academic discipline of Math., L'Accademia académatique dei Matamaitica e' Math.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the U.S.T.A. and competed in Big 12 Conference.
Buzz Aldrin, a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20th January 1930. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Sc.D. 1963. In 1963 he retired.
Mae's language is Kashubian and l'y speak Poland. 
Alfred N. Phillips, who was born in Darien, Connecticut, worked as a Mayor of Stamford (Connecticut).
Ahmet Ertegun, a rhythm and blues musician. Rhythm and Blues originated from blues and disco is derived from Disco. In the United States, there are an ethnic group called African Americans.
Poaceae, which is a member of the poales order Poales, has an 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) surfaced by Poaceae. 
Bill Oddie, who was born in Lancashire, is a member of Bananaman which starred Bill Oddies. 
Il-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with Minotaur V. It is similar to Delta II, which originates from the U.S. A.E. and it was launched from Mid-Atéral Spas Port 0. , Il-American Antares (rocket) originated from The United States; it has a rapprochement de la Mid Atlantic Regional Spiaggia Solitario Rafras Rad 0 in y compris Mino
Alan Martin, a footballer who was born on 1st January 1989. He played for Aldershot Town F.C. and plays for Crewe Alexandra FC.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore which was founded by Kempe Gowda I, is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. In Karnataka has its west to the Arabian Sea., Accademia deistruir Acharya Inc. It's located at Bangalore, Uttar Pradesh, Kadhya Pradesh. Is a tendenza all'Arabien Sea.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in Invasion of Grenada, and Operation Enduring Freedom. Ils faisons part of the U.S.A.
Anderson is part of Union Township, Madison County, Indiana, in the United States. It is a member of the U.S. Anderson., Austin Jones is patrocinad by Union township (Madison), Indiana degli Stati Uniti.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is a politician. Il's leader is Patrick Alan. 
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka, where Ampara Hospital can be found. 
J. P McManus designed Adare Manor, which was completed in 1862 and is owned by James Pain., James Pain et J.P. Mc Mansus are a proprietary of Adar Mandor (culminated in 1962).
Agustin Barboza, who was born in Asunción, Asuncion. Juan Afara is a leader in Paraguay, where Spanish is one of the languages and an ethnic group such as Mestizo. Agustin Gaboza died in États-Unis.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, in Indiana., The Attica (Indiana) is a city deffontaine County en Indiana.
Lar Laura Boldrini is a leader in Italy, where Amatriciana sauce comes from. It's the capital city of Rome and its language is Italian.
L'AMC Matador, a mid-size car, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It has an AMC straight-6 engine and its alternative name is American MotorsMatador.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, which is in the United States., Mae Amarillo (part de Potter Count), Illinois, U.S.
Juan Peron a member of the Labour Party in Argentina. 
Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom, where Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and Elizabeth II are an publisher of this journal.
Albany, Oregon is a part of Linn County, Oregon, in the U.S. Washington D.C. Ils include l'ethnic group de Native Americans.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, became a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party. Simultant sarawak and he represented Birra`ayat jatiSarawak Party.
Madeleine L'Engle e wrote A Severed Wasp. 
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl, y have 5300 members. It has a full name of Associazione Gabbiano 1910 Siarl and is affiliated with the Stadio Pietro Barbetti.
Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire, discovered 1036 Ganymed and died in Göttingen. He attended an University of Gottingen.
11 Diagonal Street a completion date of 1983 was on 1983., 11.
Aenir followed the novel Castle (novel) which was followd by Aennir. 
Richard A. Teague, whose employer is Chrysler, was a designer of the AMC Matador. 
Andrew Rayel's associated with Jwaydan Moyine. He is a member of the musical artist J Waydan Meyine.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played football for FC Spartak Moscow, where Rashid Rakhimov is the manager. A member of FC Terek Grozny, whose home ground is grozny. He formerly plays ar FC Amkar Perm and has a youth club called F'Amkar perm. Il y l'avversarier Aleksandr Pudnikov was attached to FC Terzowns which are rassemblées in Gro
Arem-arem, which is a type of Javanese cuisine, can be varied by Lemper. Il-ingredients include compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Chinabank a net income of 15100000000. Chinabank, whose service is bancaire, provides banking services and has an revenue net $ 15,100,000,000.
L'Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which was founded in Coventry. It was succeeded by The Rover Company. , L'Albis Speed 25, is manufatted by Laval operated by Co. A.V.C.
Walter Baade, a student of the University of Göttingen, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He died in West Germany. It was born in the German Empire and his alma mater is Allan Sandage.
Aaron Deer is a solo singer in Indiana, United States. He was associated with Wee Giant and whose musical genre is Indie rock.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, Indonesia. 
Halimah Yacob is a leader in Singapore, where Halimah Ysaac is the leader. Beef kway teow comes from. It has an currency of Singapore dollar. 
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 2013-11-04. 
L'Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. It is 23 metres above sea level and it is situated in the Atlantic City township (Egg Harbor).
Ajoblanco, which is a food found in Andalusia, Spain. Ajoblanco ha un ingredient de l'acqua.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. 
Adisham Hall, a St. Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka, it was acheved in 1927. It has an architecture style of Tudor and Jacabian.
A Wizard of Mars, published by Diane Duane, is available in hardcover. It has the OCLC number 318875313 and it was ufactured in Hardcover.
Anders Osborne, a rock musician, is signed to Alligator Records and Awh Records. He was recorded by Adaj Records et Ojah Records; he plays Rock music.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has a periapsis of 29919600000.0., The peripops for (66391 199 KW4) is 2991960000000.0.
In the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group, there are native americans. 
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 34.0 metres above sea level, it has a runway name 03L/21R. It has an length of 1411.0 and its surface type de poaceae. Il s'il y l'arrivée ar Ardmore in New Zealand began 344,0 meters long., Il n-raggiunging 44.1  km/h u t-d-arrondissement Aetroport (
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.  Airey Niave is a member of the birthplace of Grimmbridge (London). 
Alison O'Donnell, a jazz musician, is signed to Fruits de Mer Records and Deram Records in London. Desam Records are l'Alban.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is located in Argentina. It has a length of 192000.0 millimetres, and it is 185000.0 mms long., L'Argentina is the location of ARA Vienticinكو De Mayo V-2 which belongs to an Argentine.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas, Dallas. He deceased.
Rhythm and blues musician Albennie Jones, a solo singer. Rhythm & Blues originated from blues and Disco derives disco.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a American, was born in Chicago and died in the U.S. He married to Casey Ribcoff. C'est un poids degli Stati Uniti where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans.
Ayam penyet serves hot and is a temperature of hot. 
Airey Neave fought in World War II, where Joseph Stalin was a commander. J. Stalin commanded.
Alan Martin played football for Accrington Stanley F.C. and he is a member of the club Acrington St. C.
Akron Summit Assault is a ground in Akron, Ohio, U.S. In the United States.
Abel Caballero, aménagé in Galicia, Spain, en Spáinn. He worked as Minister of Transport and belongs to the Aire Gnóthaí.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabata, Ash Gabot. It has a runway length of 3800.0 and l'arrivée n'est 38000.0.
Aaron Turner, whose genre is black metal, performs in the band Sumac and has a musical fusion genre Death metal.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He represented sarawak and belonged to the party part pesaka bumputera bersatu.
Olusegun Obasanjo, Abubakar, fought in office while AtikuAbubakar was Vice President. Affected by the Nigerian Air Force, Abdulsalami Abubaka, became susceptible to Olasegun Orbenjo.
L'American Journal of Mathematics is abbreviated to Am. J. Math. It was first published in 1878 and has an ISSN number 1080-6377.
In Japan, there are an ethnic group of  Brazils and the Brasilians. 
Aaron Turner, a member of the House of Low Culture and is associated with Twilight band. He plays Electric guitar but performs black metal. Death metal comes from an ambient fusion genre.
Albany, Oregon is a part of Oregon, in the United States. Washington D.C. La capitale degli Stati Uniti - Washington DC. Ils include an ethnic group from the U.S. Asian Americans and one of the languages spoken there are English.
At -3.3528 m above sea level, is operated by Schiphol Group. L'arrivée degli Aetroports Sciphol (Spiphol) - 3.3528 km/h.
Angola, Indiana is a part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County in Indiana, United States. It has an area of 16.55 square kilometres and its total area is 16,55 sq km.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff. 
(66391) 1999 KW4, a density of 2.0 kg per sec, has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 (kilometres). Its average speed is 37.16 km/s, and it has dennsity 2.0 gram per CubicCintimetres., The celestial body known as (66391 199 KW4) has its متوسط speed 360,16 kilometres per second; it had an apsiso of 164091-8388 km. It
Aaron Turner started active in 1995. He is a post-metal artist and he was associated with the band Twilight and Lotus Eaters.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on 9  September 1995 in Tampere, Finland. He played for Florida Panthers and he is a member of the Florida Panteras. 
Rhythm and blues musician Albennie Jones was born in 1914 in the United States. He a solo singer, whose musical genre is rhythm and Blues., Albenni Jones (in 1914) became an U.S.N.Y.A.
René Goscinny created Asterix (comics character) a.
Bo Bibbowski, a full name of Bibbo Bibbaowski (whose was created by Marv Wolfman) and Jerry Ordway.
Bakso is a food found nationwide in Indonesia, which has Jakarta as its capital. It is led by Joko Widodo and it is also popular in the Southeastern Asian countries., Barroso comes from Indonesia all'inhabitants of Indonesia (capital Jakarta) e soláthraítear Indonesian l'Indonesian language.
Airey Neave a fought in the Battle of France and began his career on March 4th 1974. He became active on 30th March 1979.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada. L'équipage dei bagal-avion Lockheed AC-130 and Boeing C-17 Globemaster III are transport aircraft.
Akeem Dent played for the Atlanta Falcons, which is owned by Arthur Blank. It was a debut team of Akes Det. 
Agnes Kant, a nationality of the Netherlands, is i governed by Mark Rutte. Agnes Kant worked in the House of Representatives (Netherlands).
John Madin designed 103 Colmore Row., 103 Colmor Row was architected by John Madina and is a designer of 103 Colonel Row.
Jazz originated from blues and it has its stylistic origins in jazz. 
Buzz Aldrin, a US national who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology per Sc.D. 1963. In 1963, he fought as an American fighter pilot and became part of Apollo 11.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilot. J'ai operated Apollo 14 program by NASA.
Abilene, Texas has a area code 325. It is associated with the areacode 325.
The Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 and a year of construction. 
Stuart Parker, a manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, is attached to Runcorn FC Halton and plays for runcorn F. C.Halton. 
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. It is a form of Albany in Georgia. 
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, which is aménagé dean Mario Botta, in Switzerland. It has 600 students and 100 academic staff.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a member of the Nigerian Army, fought in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Abdul-Afghanistan exécuta l'armée Nigéria. 
Ace Wilder performs hip hop music, which originated from disco and has its stylistic origins in disco. 
Julia Morgan, a California born in California. Julia Morgan is l'architecte of the Asilomar Conference Grounds and Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. She designed many important buildings including an Riverside Art Museum.
Felipe Gozon is a key person at GMA New Media. 
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II e became a member of the United States Army, where Abner W Sbal was involved. 
DeSoto Custom, manufactured automobile De Soto, is a related means of transport to the 1955 Dodge and Chrysler Newport. It was succeeded by Desoto Firedome.
Ajoblanco contains almond and is a food found in Andalusia., Almonds are an ingredient in Ajoblanco, which comes from Andalussia.
Izmir, Turkey's leader is Ahmet Davutoglu. Ataturk Monument was designed by Pietro Canonica and it was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Izmir. Ankara is the capital of Turchia.
Akron Summit Assault, a member of 3000 members, play in the Premier Development League where K-W United FC are champions. It has 3 000 members and is affiliated with K W Union FC. 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Joe Biden is an a leader. It is led by President of the U.S. J.Biden and White Americans are one of its ethnic groups.
Il-U.S. Illinois is where 300 North LaSalle, which has 60 floors, in Chicago. Il-I.R.A. Is a part of DuPage County, Illinois; Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago.
Adisham Hall, which was completed in 1927, is located in Sri Lanka. It has architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian. In 1931, Adisham Hall commenced en 1927., Adimasdam Hall devait être ménagé in 1907, Sri Lanci; it had l'urban style Deugor and Jacobian.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a member of the Nigerian Army, was in office while Mike Akhigbe became Vice President. Oladipo Diya as its predecessor and he began his active years on 29th May 1999., Olusegun Obasanjo f'Abraham Abhigbe (whose preceded by Olaefo Diya) is successor Khalij Abdulsu Aki Bak bak w'Afghanistan Nigéria. J'était vice-president
Adam Koc is a nationality in Poland, where Kashubians are an ethnic group. Adam Koc comes from Poland. Il'y compris the Polish language as well as l'Illinois.
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and African Americans are an ethnic group. Ily compris English (whose comes from Great Britain).
Asam pedas s'est found in Sumatra, Malaysia. Minangkabau people are an ethnic group of Malaysia and Indonesian Malay.
Aenir, which preceded by Castle (novel) is the sequel to Above the Veil. 
Abner played football for Real Madrid Castilla, which is managed by Luis Miguel Ramis. A member of the Coritiba Football Club and coritiba Foot Ball Club.
The Antares rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It had its maiden flight on 9th January 2014, and it has an orbital site at Mid Atlantic Regional spaceport.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state Tyrol, Autriche. It is a member of the U.S. A.R.A.
Buzz Aldrin, a crew member of Apollo 11 was an fighter pilot and fought in carrier.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090, India, is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students. Its president is B.M. Reddy.
Aleksandr Prudnikov, a member of FC Dynamo Moscow, was born on 24th February 1989. He played for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Dinamo Moscou.
 1097 Vicia, a mass of 9.8 kgs, has an epoch date 31 December 2006, and its orbital period is 135589000.0. Its apoapsis is 5115992000.0 km.
Tom Lyle created Blockbuster, a comic book character (Roland Desmond) and Roger Stern. It is also known as Roland Demond. 
Il Memorial turc Martyrs', Baku, Azerbaijan, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. , Il memorial kurders' turque Baku (led by Huseyin Bütüner) a Halimi Güner, situated in Azerbaïdjan.
James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada, discovered 101 Helena. His Alma mater was the University of Michigan and died from peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen II, which is a member of the Bundesliga. Viktor Skrypnyk - manager dei SV Wirder Brebner (in Bundesliga).
Alan B Miller Hall, Williamsburg, Virginia, owned by the College of William and Mary. It is located in Williamsbourg, Virginie. 
Massimo Drago played for S.S.D. Potenza Calcio, but he is manager of A.C. Cesena. He plays for the club Catania and l'ASC Cesenea.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for Al-Naft and is a member of Steel Azin F.C., whose club is Al Naft.
Alan Martin played football for Accrington Stanley F.C., where Barry Ferguson is the manager. Alan Martin has a member of Clyde FC whose home ground isAccrington.
John Clancy is a Labour politician, John Madin, who originated in Birmingham. It was designed 103 Colmore Row and it has the postal code B postcode area.
Eric Flint scrisse 1634: The Bavarian Crisis., The author of the book (1634).
Alvah Sabin went in Vermont, where Burlington is the largest city and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He was a member of Vormont's 3rd Congressional District. Il y defeadh Binurlington (Illinois).
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957. In 1959, he became a crew member of Apollo 14 and died in California.
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County in Washington, U.S. Auburn a total area de 77.41 square kilometres. It is situated in the United States., L'auburn (Washington), Seattle, Illinois, USA, has an area of 7741 sq km and y serves un poids milliers.
Aerfort County Airport Andrews is located in Texas, where Austin and Texan are known as Texans. It has a Spanish language but Houston is the largest city.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space. It has a diameter of 5.4 metres, it had its maiden flight on 11 August 2005. It was launched from the Guiana Space Centre. L'Ariane 5 is 5.4 (m) in diametre 5.5 m.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, was preceded by Grantville Gazette III. It is a sequel to Grantוויל Gazetta III.
Julia Morgan, a California born in California. Julia Morgan designed degli édifices importants come from the Asilomar Conference Grounds and Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. Il y ébaut significatives commençant le hearst Castle et L'Harriet Art Museum.
Alex Tyus was born on 8th January 1988. He played for Pallacanestro Cantu and plays for the Pallaconestro Kentu., Born on Jan 8, 1988, Alex Tyux is a member of Pallasanestro Candu but he has been born 1st janv 1988.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has a coden code APGPAC. It is associated with the code O GPAC.
L-Aviation Force, which operates Al Asad airbase, is operated by the United States Air Force. Invasion of Grenada and fought in Korean War. Lockheed AC-130 are a transport aircraft (Lockheed C-130 Hercules).
Adam Koc died in New York City.,  Adam Koc passed away in new York city where Adams Koc defeadh.
Il-S. Gubbio 1910 s'inscrit in Italy, where Pietro Grasso is a leader and the capital city is Rome. Il-home ground of A.S.
(66063) 1998 RO1, which has an orbital period of 360.29 days, has a mean temperature of 265.0 kelvins. Its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres and its epoch date was on 4th July 2013.
Bhajji a Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region of India. T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders in India.
Albert Jennings Fountain, who served in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President, died in New Mexico Territory.
Bionico, which is a dessert. Bionico comes from Mexico in Mexico. It has sour cream as an ingredient. 
The A-Rosa Luna, which was commanded on 22nd April 2004, is 12125800.0 millimetres long. It has a length of 1850 km/h and it had its ship commanded on 20th April 2004.
Atlantic City International Airport, operated by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, is 23 metres above sea level. It has a runway name 4/22 and length of 3048.0., Atroport Atlantic City international Airport (managed by port authorityניו-יו-نيو-Neuv ونيو-J Jersey), it has an elevation of 23.0 km/h e l'arrivée dei 5/22.
L'Asser Levy Public Baths, which were constructed in 1904, are located on 23rd Street (Manhattan), a former construction of 1904. 
At 210 metres above sea level, Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township. It has a runway length of 1533.0 and an elevation of 210 km/h.
Atlanta is a part of Georgia, in the United States. In which African Americans are an ethnic group.
Aleksandra Kovac commence active in 1990. Aleksandra Kovač performs soul music and is a member of the genre of Soul music. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo, was in office while Mike Akhigbe Vice President and Oladipo Diya preceded., Abraham Muhammad Abhigbe (in office) during the same time quelqu'un debecame Vice-President oppure Awodilo Diya commençava; Aleksandrوسا Diya as his predecessor.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, where Anandiben Patel is the leader. Amdavad Ni GUFA is situated in India. 
Auburn, Washington is part of the state of Washington which has Olympia as its capital. It is within the United States.
Adonis Georgiadis went in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister, Konstantinos Mitsotakis. Il y fought during the reign of Aleksandr Samara avant quelqu'un dernier militaire Aleksiens.
Baked Alaska is a food found in Hong Kong, France, where Carrie Lam (politique) and Gérard Larcher are leaders. Il y compris le French language. , Baked L'Alaska comes from the Francois region, en France.
Ilocano and Igorot are an ethnic group in the Philippines, where Batchoy comes from. It is a food found in Philippine English. L'armée dei paesi - Arabic et l'Iliocano peuples. Liens commonly téléphoniques all'Inghilterra; j'entranont batchoY.
The AIDAluna, a length of 252000.0 millimetres, is 252 km/h. It has an maeden voyage on 22nd March 2009, it has 32.2 m long and its power type Caterpillar Inc.
Alvah Sabin ended his active years on 3rd March 1857., Ilva Sabin, started his career on 03/03/1857.
Beef kway teow is a food found nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia, where Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders. It comes from Singapore which has English as its language. 
Meyer Werft, l'AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. It has a length of 253260.0 millimetres and it was built by Meyer Wirft.
Alex Tyus played in the Turkish Basketball Super League, but he plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. whose coach is Vit Sherf.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Artur Rashizade leads. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. In India are led by Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan.
Lenol is a member of the Rosids order. 
Alfred N. Phillips, who was born in Connecticut, worked as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Tennessee's 4th district. He fought in the Whiskey Rebellion and became membro de la United States Army. 
Aleksandra Kovac, a solo singer, was born in 1972. Aleksandra Kovač's genre is pop music and became active in the Socialist Republic of Serbia.
Audi A1, assembled in Audi Brussels, is a wagon body style. It has 1.2 litres density and an 5 speed manual transmission., The Audi A1. L'Audi Antwerp manufactured at Audi (Brussels), it has 1,2 liters desceptibles of transporting u 5-speed manual.
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. in Brazil, was founded on 1st January 2001, and it is patrocinad by the CEO. It produce drugs.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, in Ohio. In the U.S. Washington D.C. It has an ethnic group as Asian Americans and its capital is Washington DC.
Il-Dodge 1955 Dodge, manufactured by Chrysler. It has a 3-speed automatic transmission and an wheelbase of 120.0 centimetres. Its moteur is V8 engine and it can be transported via 3 speed automatic. 
Felipe Gozon is a key person in GMA New Media, l'Idirlíon, Philippines. L'intermédiaire clef-pháirt degli Felipe Gzon (il y compris Fafelozo).
Bionico is a type of dessert. It comes from Bionico and it can be varied by Ice cream. 
107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, was discovered by F Vilas. It had an orbital period of 2368.05 days and a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres. Its apoapsis is 560937000.0 (kilometres).
L'Audi A1, manufactured by Audi, is related to the SEAT Ibiza and a type of transport.
Albany, Georgia is a part of Dougherty County in Georgia, United States. It is led by the Mayor and there are an ethnic group called Asian Americans.
Alison O'Donnell a jazz musician is l'autoharp and performs Jazz music.
AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, which has Eagle as a fate. L'American Motors operates AMCMatador.
L'universitas Apulensis is a latin name of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Romania, where Andrew The Apostle and Andrew the Apostolle are patron saints. 
Alan Martin, who was born on 1st January 1989. He played football for Hamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where the legislature is National Assembly. It is governed by l'Assemblée Nationale (Azerbaijan), which has Baku as its capital.
Adisham Hall - Sri Lanka, where Tamil is the language. Adisham Hall comes from., Addisyam Hall was a food found in Sri Lanca, whose language is Tamil.
Poaceae, a division of flowering plant, is part of the Poales order. La 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) devait être surfaced by poaceae. 
AZAL Arena a Shuvalan is the ground of AZAL PFK, which has their home ground. 
ACF Fiorentina play in Serie A, which is located in Italy. 
Bananaman broadcast by the BBC, London, where Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead is a key person. Bananaman was diffused by la BBC in London., Bananaman can be heard by The BBC whose city is London and among its key personnalités - Alan Hall (Barron Hall de BirKENhead).
Greenville, Wisconsin is a part of Clayton, Winnebago County in Wisconsin, United States. Greenville (in Illinois), l'université Appleton International Airport can be found there.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is located in India, India. Its motto is Nurturing Excellence., L'Institiúid Ingénie J-Acharya (in Bangalore), India; it has mottu as Nurturing Éxcellence.
Akeem Dent was born on 27 July 1987 in 1987. 
Aleksandre Guruli played for AZAL PFK and is a member of the club Olympique Lyonnais, which has their home ground at Parc Olympiques Lyonnaise. Il y formerly plays football for ACELAPFK. 
Arem-arem is a main course in Indonesia, but più specific to Java. It includes an ingredient compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings., An ingredient of Arem arem comes from Indonesia (in Indonesia), ma moins specific per Java.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is leader. Il y a country's leader is Baack Obama. 
L'Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland, where Finns are an onym. It is a builder of the icebreaker Aleksi Chilik (l'arc.
L'aeroporto international Antwerp, which is 12 metres above sea level, is operated by the Flemish Government. L'arrivée degli aerfort International Airport in l'intérêt du flemish region; it is occupyd from 12.6 km/h.
Il-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It is comparable to Delta II, which originated in the U.S. A.L.A.; it has a missile Antares (led by Minotaur IV).
Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority whose headquarters are located in Jinnah International airport. 
Aaron Turner, a scottish metal musician, was born in Massachusetts. He became active in 1995 and is associated with Twilight and Lotus Eaters band.
L'Aston Martin Virage, manufactured by Aston Marcher, is a related means of transport. It was succeeded by L'ASN Martin RHAM/1.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, in Indiana, U.S.A.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand. It has a runway name 03R/21L and it has an length of 1411.0. Il y l'arrivée depuis 34.0 metres above sea level.
Walter Baade, aménagé in Preussisch Oldendorf, obtained 10 (1036) Ganymed. Halton Arp is l'université Göttingen. He discovered 10,136 Ganimed and he studied at the University of Gottingen.
Deram Records is located in London., Drem Records has a location at London.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, where Halimah Yacob and Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. It comes from Singapore. Il y compris the language of English, c'e'n Ayam Penyet.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, Manchester and died in London. He is a national of the U.K. A.R.A.
Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States., The Amarillo (Texas) is located in the U.S.
Frank G Jackson is a leader in Cleveland, United States. It is the location of 200 Public Square and it is led by Frank J Jackson. 
L'Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka. It has Telangana to its northeast and Arabian Sea. Ta'l-Est dei ta' telangana; tal-université Visvesvaraya Technological University are affiliated with Tu Lanka.
Abradab, Katowice, Poland, became active in 1994. He is a member of the band Kaliber 44 and Magik (rapper).
 Silvio Berlusconi - a chairman of A.C. Milan, which is governed by AC Milan. 
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and has a four-stroke engine. It is powered by l'Alco RS-3, which was constructed by the Montreal Lokomotive works.
Andra is a pop musician. Disco and disco are the fusion genres of Pop music.
Aleksandra Kovac's background is a solo singer. 
GMA New Media is a media company. , GMA Nu Media comes from media organisation.
The Audi A1, assembled in Brussels, Belgium, is classed as supermini. It has a 1.2 litre engine and an front-engine, avant-wheel-drive layout., L'Audi A1. L'apparecchiature catégorie Supermini, carrosserie fût de Bruxelles, Belgio. Il y l'assembler en Antwerp, Belge; it has 1,2 litres moteurs.
Adam Maher played for the Netherlands national under 17 football team and plays for PSV Eindhoven. He formerly a member of the National Under 17 Football Team., Administrated by AdamMaher, whose club is Ajax Infraingland, but he fought in the Noord-national under-17 football staff.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has an ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9., Led by Hardcover, Alcatraz Versu's Labyrinthais (ISBN number 0-939-925500-9).
Andrew Rayel, a member of Jwaydan Moyine, is associated with Armin van Buuren. He performs house music and plays House music.
Batagor, a Siomay in Indonesia, originates from Indonesia. Shiitake is one of the ingredients and Shumai comes from Malaysia.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, in Ohio, United States. It is located in the U.S.L., Mae Auburn (Albuer) is situated in Le County Atlanta, Illinois, USA.
10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He represented Kota Melani, Indonesia. 
Amatriciana sauce comes from Lazio region, lazio. Tomato is an ingredient in it.
HOK SVE is the architect of 3Arena in Dublin, Dublin. It was completed in December 2008.
 Dublin is part of Leinster and Dublin includes Leenster. 
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi. 
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader. Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada, where English is the language., Canada's birth place Adam McQuid comes from Canada whose language is English.
Albany, Oregon is a country in the United States., Albeny (Oregon) comes from the U.S.A.
Abilene, Texas is a part of Taylor County in Texas, U.S. In the United States, l'arrivée dei Regional Airport Abilenen; it serves la city of Adane.
Bacon Explosion, which comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States. Sausage and bacon are a main ingredients.
Above the Veil is available in hardcover. 
Adonis Georgiadis worked as aDeputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping. 
L'Alhambra, which is 63800.0 millimetres long, was built by Samuda Brothers. It has a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes operated by P&O; it is located in Deptford. L' Alhambra hails 61000.0 mm de longueur. Il y compris 664000.0 (millimetres).
The Apollo 8 is operated by NASA. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, Brazil. Ily competed in 2015. It is where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions.
The full name of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, which is partly known as A.
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and it has a ship type of Cruise Ship. It is 125.8600 millimetris in length. 
Albany, Oregon is a part of Oregon in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Abel Hernandez, whose club is Peñarol, plays in Serie A. Abel Hernández fought in the youth team of Penarol and managed by Giuseppe Iachini.
Il-coach Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C., which is coached by Zan Tabac, c'est Qjan Tabic., Qyan Tabik e'l coach of Applecabji TelAviv BC.
Akeem Dent formerly played for the Atlanta Falcons who are owned by Bob McNair. He made his debut with the Houston Texans, which is located in Atlanta.
Aaron Hunt played for Goslarer SC 08 and SV Werder Bremen. He plays for VfL Wolfsburg, a youth club o FflWolfsburg.
Marv Wolfman created Auron (comics character) auron. 
Adam McQuaid played for Boston Bruins in Columbus, Ohio. Don Sweeney is a general manager of Boston Blue Jackets who are attached to the draft team.
Ajoblanco contains bread, almonds, garlic, water, oil and olive oil. Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia, Spain. Il y compris pane, algues, granturc, uisge, olivo.
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States., Austin in Indiana (United States).
Ab Klink, a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal Party, was born in the Netherlands and attended Erasmus University Rotterdam., AbraKlink (born in Noord-Ísilt), became an apogée de l'Erasmus Université Rotterdam.
Abilene, Texas a density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and it is 524.0 above sea level. It has an area total area 286.5 sq km. Il y includes 564.0 meters al-del-seahel.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas. He graduated from University of Texas at Austin and died on 28 February 1966 in St. Louis.
The Antares rocket, a comparable to Delta II, was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It has an orbital pad 0 and it is similar all'Antare II.
The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1533.0., At 153.0 l'hauteur dei paessun fluviale al-Alpena County regional Airport, it has a raggio di 1533,0.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, where Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Washington DC is the capital. Among the ethnic groups in the U.S. are Native Americans and it has Washington D.C.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, a governed by Vica, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C which has 17000 members and Vila Nova Futebol Clube. Il y's league is Brazil. It has 17 000 members; it was managed by Vita.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, is 512 pages. It was published in E-Book and it has 512 page., E-book of 1634 Rewlion (or EricFlint), a labyrinthe dei book; it can be 511 pages.
Lars Løkke Rasmussen is a leader in Denmark, where Lars Lokke orveglianza. It was established in 1928 and it has 737 academic staff. Is affiliated with the European University Association.
Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot, was born on 20th January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 and graduated with Sc.D. 1963. In 1963, he served as an Apollo 11.
L'Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. Anwar Zaheer Jamali is one of the leaders in Pakistan and serves Lahore.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, is available in hardcover. It was published in Hardcover.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez, a manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan, plays for FC FAS. He is attached to the club c.d.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Fiat Croma., L'Alfa ROME 164, which has a similar means of transportation, was relatively to la Galileo Crome.
Icolo e Bengo is part of Luanda Province in Angola. It is 159 metres above sea level and it is located in Ícolo-e Beno, which is situated in Icolo/Ebeno (Luanda).
AIP Advances, abbreviated to A.T. Charlie Johnson, is l'ebook of AIP Adv. It has a coden code AAIDBI.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Bundelkhand. It is 167.94 metres above sea level and it is part of Bundellkhand.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is associated with Ciro Pérez and Héctor Numa Moraes. He has an art form Zamba (artform) in RCA Records. Il's background is solo singer.
Airey Neave, aménagé in Knightsbridge, fought in World War II. He began his career on 30th June 1953 and finíodh 1979-03-30.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the U.T. Ta's system. He died in St Louis, part of the Kingdom of France.
Stuart Parker, a footballer, whose manager is A.F.C. Blackpool, has been managed by Drogheda United FC and plays for Stockport County FC. 
L'AIDAstella, a owned by Costa Crociere, was built by Meyer Werft. It is 253260.0 millimetres in length and it has an beam of 32.2 long. Il y l'est powered by Atlantic Crocier.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre, which has cuttle fish as one of the ingredients. 
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. It has a coden code ATSET. 
The bronze Atatürk Monument (Izmir) is made of bronze. 
Peter Stöger is the manager of 1. FC Köln. 
The AMC Matador, which has an alternative name VAM Classic, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It has a station wagon body style and l'AMC V8 engine. 
Aaron Hunt played for Goslarer SC 08 and VfL Wolfsburg. He plays for SV Werder Bremen II, while he is a youth football club Gos Larer Sc 08.
The Alhambra has a 8.3m ship beam and an elevation of 8.3 m.
Airey Neave, a fought in the Battle of France, was awarded an Order of the British Empire and he ended his career on 30th March 1979.
Len, a gcion dei Cirus, is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa. Ilen y compris le limon as l'espèce of cilius. 
At serves the city of Athens, a l'aeroporto is located in Spata. L'arrivée degli Aetroport international Athens (in Spate).
Batagor, a peanut sauce in Indonesia. Batagor comes from Indonesia and siomay is one of the main ingredients: fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in Peanut Sórt.
Julia Morgan, a San Francisco, was born in San-Francia. Julia Morgan is l'architecte of Asilomar Conference Grounds and Los Angeles Herald-Examiner as well as many significant buildings such as Asiliomar State Beach.
Aaron Turner, a black metal musician, is associated with Twilight and Sumac band. He performs Black Metal music.
GMA New Media, a media company, produces dei World Wide Web. It is in the entertainment industry of GMA News Inc.
Arròs negre, a cuttlefish is an ingredient in the region of the Valencian Community.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. T. S Thakur is the leader of India and it is situated in Mumbai. 
Auburn, Alabama is located in the U.S. Asiatiques and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there. 
Akeem Ayers debuted with the Tennessee Titans who are coached by Mike Mularkey. He formerly played for the Los Angeles Rams, which is a part of los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.
Polizia includes an ethnic group of Romani people and is a member of the Romani. 
Andrew White started active in 2003 and was signed to Polydor Records. He is associated with Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs., In 2003, Andrew White began actively in 2003. He became a member of the Korn Records band by Mark Ra'nōd Janilow; he plays for an artist Marc Sarja Banlow.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Korean War and became part of Operation Enduring Freedom. 
Alan Bean a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA, where David Scott commanded. Alan Bean fought in an Apollo 12, which had Alfred Worden as backup pilot. 
Anderson, Indiana is a part of Indiana, in the United States. It is led by the Democratic Party (United States), where Washington D.C. is the headquarters and it has Indianapolis as its capital.
Aleksandr Chumakov played football for FC Torpedo Moscow, which is managed by Valery Petrakov. He died in Russia. Il y a member of the Soviet Union national football team, whose leader is Valentina Matviyenko.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in the United States, is a married to Ruth Ribickoff. 
Andrew Rayel, a member of Bobina, is associated with Armin Van Buuren, Bobine, Mark Sixma,Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano,Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose; Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, and Alexandra Badoi. He plays string-instruments.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of Kota Samarahan. 
Anaheim, California - part of California. Anaheim is led by Tom Tait and its leader is the United States House of Representatives who are located in the U.S. Capitol. It has a language as Spanish.
At 546 metres above sea level, Abilene, Texas. Il y serves the city of Ajone (Texas). It has a runway name 17R/35L and is 2194.0 in length. Its ICAO location identifier is KABI.
Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil are a main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce. 
Akeem Dent was born on 27 July 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He debuted with Atlanta Falcons and he made his debut for Atlanta Eagles. 
Arròs negre, a t-arròs Negre, originates from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain. Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arrò Señorine.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on September 2, 1995 in 1995, a member of the Florida Panthers and plays for football club.
Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot, was retired. He served as an crew member of the Fighter pilot and is now retiré. 
GMA New Media, a mass media industry, is located in Quezon City, Philippines. Ils are l'intermédiaires de la massa media and peuvent être employed in quezon city. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre, has an area code 505, 575. It is 486.2 sq km and its total area is 490.9 (square kilometres).
Appleton serves Appleton, Wisconsin. Greenville is part of Ellington and Little Chute in Wisconsin (part of Éllington).
A variation of the dessert is Cake. 
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Ohio. 
L'école de Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels. It has its headquarters on Bruxelles. 
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia and it comes nationwide there. 
Ernie Colón, Puerto-Ricans, was created by Dan Mishkin and Ernie Colon. It is also known as Larry Bolatinsky.
Akeem Ayers formerly played for St Louis Rams and a draft pick of 39. He went on 3rd round, or 2nd round.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore - 560090, India. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and it was established in 2000. Its motto is Nurturing Excellence. In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road (Birmingham) 560090. It has 700 postgraduate students who are a student at the city of Bangalore; it had been created in 2000.
Arròs negre is a food found in Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader. Is l'euro and its currency is Euro. Arròs Negre originates from Spain. It is an ethnic group such as Spanjaards.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l., it has 39371 members and their home ground in Verona, Italy. It plays in Serie A 2014-15.
Il-Municipality of Gettysburg in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Carroll County and Maryland is to the southeast de Cumberland County (Ohio). Il-ll-Yl-L-U.S. L-I.T.N.A.C.
Hypermarcas - produzione dei drugs, is located in São Paulo, Brazil. It is led by the President of the Supreme Federal Court. Is a food found in Brésil whose leader is president.
Bhangt Budapest is located in Hong Kong, Hungary. 
200 Public Square Cleveland has 45 floors, a total area of 45.
The LCCN number of Administrative Science Quarterly is 57059226.
Led by Gale Brewer, New York City is part of Manhattan, in the U.S.A. Ildistingue dagli Asser Levy Public Baths f'New York (part de Manhattan).
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore and Indonesia. It has palm sugar as one of its main ingredients, including Kway Teow; beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shreed, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oryster sesame oil, but it comes from Indonesia.
L'11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and it is categorised as a contributing property.
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors. It was operated by Marriott international. 
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa where Cape Town. 
In Italy, where Italians are known as Italian.  Ilmonym in Italy is Italian.
Adam Koc a became awarded the Cross of Valour (Poland).
Il-Cumberland Illinois is a part of DuPage County, Illinois in the United States. Il-U.S. Susana Mendoza leads Chicago where 300 North LaSalle can be found.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis are leaders. Is a language of Greek.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo, fought in Sarawak. Adenan Satem is a member of barisan Ra'ayat JatiSarawak and his successor was Abhnan Satema. 
Trane, a member of La Crosse Wisconsin, was founded on 1st January 1913. , Trane (founded 01-01-2013 in LaCrosse), Wisconsin., Tona's co-fondated on Jan 1, 1913 inLa Crossé, Wisconsin.
L'Italie, where Laura Boldrini and Pietro Grasso are leaders, is a leader of Italy. L'italiens peuvent essere known as Italians. La capitale dei paesi - Rome.
The Barny Cakes are a variation of chocolate. 
L'AIDAstella, owned by Costa Crociere, was built by Meyer Werft and operated by AIDA Cruises. It has a length of 253260.0 millimetres in l'arrivée dei Maya Cruisees., Mer Erft is an builder of the Aidastella which hails as Ariane Cruiser; it had 252500,0 mm in long. Its owner is Costa crociere.
(66391) 1999 KW4, a rotation period of 9953.28, has an epoch date 14th July 2004, and it had an apogée de l'épop/2004-14.
L'Atroport Atlantic City International Airport, operated by Port Authority New York and New Jersey, is 23 metres above sea level. It has a runway name of 4/22 and an length of 1873.0. Its ICAO location identifier is KACY.
L-Ariane 5 was launched from ELA-3 and it is located at the Guiana Space Centre, which has its headquarters in Kourou, France. It's operated by Ariane 5.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport located in Madrid, has a runway name 14L/32R. It is 410.0 long and it's length of 467 km/h., At Adolfo SuarezMadrid Barajas airport which is istituit by Madrid (il n-l-32R). Il y rassembled 11L 32R e l'arrivée degli Aetroport adolfo
A Long Long Way, followed by The Secret Scripture. It is a language of Great Britain and it comes from the English language, which was spoken in Great Gran Bretagna. 
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Baymax, created by Duncan Rouleau, Americans. It is a character of Big Hero 6 and starred Jamie Chung.
 Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Il y's nickname Cornelle Big Red and it has an affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. It was published by CornelL University (New York).
Il-Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, which is associated with Minotaur IV, it was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base. It is similar to Delta II in the U.S. A.L.A. L-I'l-Basserie Antares (il-w-Wel-Federal) Il-Vol-Oll-U.R.E.C.
Ícolo e Bengo is a destination in Angola, where the IATA is situated. It is currently located in Ícolo-e Beno (Angola).
Bananaman, broadcast by STV, was first aired on 3rd October 1983. It starred Bill Oddie and is a radiodifferu it on 03/03/1983. , Bananaman, whose first Ariad on 10th octobre 1983, became shown by the TVV (STV).
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members and their ground is bryning Lane. 
Auburn, Alabama is a destination in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Ampara Hospital is a district of Ampara District in Sri Lanka. It has 476 m bed count.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington, in the U.S. where Washington D.C. is the capital. It is a member of the United States whose capital is Washington DC. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas. It has a runway length of 3500.0.
 Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Il's nickname is Cornelle Big Red and it was affiliated with the Association of American Universities.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Artur Rashizade. Il Memorial turco Martyrs' tziganíodh ar red granite and white marble. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Baku. 
Garth Nix l'auteur Aenir has an ISBN number of 0-4339-17684-0. It is written by Garth nix, and it has the ISBN Number 4-430-41768-4.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena, which is located at North Wall, Dublin. It has been designed by HOK SSVE. 
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois and it is situated in peoria Illinois. 
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi.  L'Olympic Stadio (Ansy) was a location at Marusi.
The mascot of the University of Texas at Austin is Hook'em (mascot). 
AIDAluna, which is owned by AIDA Cruises, in Rostock. It was founded in California and operates Caterpillar Inc.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a food found in the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. It comes from it.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst. He died in Austria, where Doris Bures is a leader.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish-Soviet War and was awarded an Order of Polonia Restituta. Adam Koc became attached to the Cross of Valour (Poland).
Aenir is the sequel to Above the Veil, which comes from Australians. 
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico, a type of dessert. Il y includes granola and Granola. 
Binignit e binignit comes from the Visayas region of the Philippines. It is a dessert, it includes banana and sweet potatoes.
L'Ariane 5 a diametre 5.4 metres, it was manufactured by the European Space Agency. It had its maiden flight on 2nd March 2004 and last trip on 27th September 2003; it has an ELA-3 launch site.
Bionico, a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico. Il y compris Bionico; it contains chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. Anderson is an largest city in Indiana. 
Baked Alaska is a dessert. It comes from the dessert.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon where Portland is the largest city.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, which play in A EPSTH 2nd GROUP, has 1500 members and fought in the league of AEPSTH 2.
A.D. Isidro Metapán, a full name is Asociacion Deportiva.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, became a member of Barisan Ra'ayat JatiSarawak. He represented sarawak and belonged to Binaderija Ta'Alaïka Ta`Ta'Majuta.
F. Vilas discovered 107 Camilla, which was founded by F Vialas. 
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and is 17068.8 millimetres in length. It has 12 cylindres, a density of 178.8 (millimetres).
Abilene, Texas is a part of Texas. It is in the U.S. Washington D.C. and English is one of the languages spoken in Texas.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, part of the community of Madrid. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a food found in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are African Americans. It was written in English (in Great Britain).
Il AIDS (journal) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron is leader. Il y's journal was a publisher of Lipppincott William & Wilkins.
Cleveland is part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. It is governed by the Cleveland City Council and it has 200 Public Square. 
Akeem Dent formerly played for Atlanta Falcons, who are owned by Arthur Blank. He was a member of the Houston Texans which is located in Atlanta.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where Arifin Zakaria and the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group of Malaysia. Il'y compris Indonesian Indian comes from the Malay Peninsula.
The AIDAstella was in service on March 17th 2013, and it is operated by the ship. 
Joseph Klaus graduated from the University of Vienna. 
AmeriGas, which is a company in the energy industry of the United States, operates an operating income of $380,700,000., Mae AmeriGas (in the Energy industry) is employed at the U.S.A. and it has un rendimento degli ghnoghad $380700000.
L'Alhambra, a wrecked, is 63800.0 millimetres long. It has an ship beam of 8.3 m and its length derives 61000.0 mms., The Alhambra (wreckd) had an elevation of 664000.0millimetres in longueur; it was operated as well as fought.
L-Ohio, Adams County, Pennsylvania, where Franklin County is to its west and Carroll County in Maryland. It's categorised as a contributing property.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He fought in the Battle of the Wilderness, where he awarded the Purple Heart.
The A-Rosa Luna, which was christened on April 4th 2005, is 125800.0 millimetres long. It has a length of 125580,0 mms., (A Rosa Luna) had its christening date on March 4, 2005 and an longueur de 125890,0mm (millimetres).
Port Fortin is a destination in Trinidad. 
Angola, Indiana is a part of Steuben County in Indiana. In the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group and one of the indigen groups include Native americans.
The Delta II was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and it is a Launch site of the Delta I., Il-Lat II had its launch site at Cape CAveral air force Station.
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana which has Indianapolis as its capital. 
20 Fenchurch Street commenced in janvier 2009 and it was built on Jan 2009.
Adam Koc fought in World War I, where he was awarded Virtuti Militari. Adam Koc became part of the World war I and died away as virt Martiri. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, which has a ground in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, competed in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions of this club. 
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957. Il married to NASA in 1959 and died in California.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, Malaysia and Singapore. Y's main ingredients are: Squeezed, or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
 Asunción is part of Gran Asuncion which is in gran Asunciones.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom. It has a 5.3 litres engine and an related means of transport to the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has a minimum temperature of -71.0 degré Celsius, an apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres. Its maximum temperature is 500.0 kelvins and it has the celsius celesius. 
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C. in Iraq, where Adnan Hamad is the manager. He formerly a member of this club's national football team.
Attica, Indiana is a part of Fountain County in Indiana, United States. Washington D.C. Is the capital of the U.S. Attica and Covington (Indian).
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes. 
Adam Holloway, who was born in Kent, is a member of the Conservative Party (UK) and attended Magdalene College Cambridge., Mae'r Agne’r Barnu Kent; he came from Manitoba, Cambridge.
Alvah Sabin, a member of the Whig Party (United States) where Henry Clay leads Vermont. He passed away in Sycamore, Illinois. Burlington is an largest city and he was led byHenry Clay.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 88 metres above sea level.  The Al Taqaddum air base has an elevation of 84.0 meters long and it's located at 84  km/h.
Il-Paula Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany, where Stanislaw Tillich is a leader. Il-L-A-Rosa Luna comes from rostock.
Andrew Rayel started performing in 2009 and he is associated with Christian Burns, Jonathan Mendelsohn. He commenced actively in 2009.
Aaron Bertram, whose genre is Ska punk, has its stylistic origins in Punk rock. He was a member of the Kids Imagine Nation and plays for the Suburban Legends. Brian Robertson (trombonist).
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci, who plays for the Italy national football team. 
John Madin, a Birmingham (led by Andrew Mitchell) was born in Birmingham. It is governed by Birmingham City Council and it has the postcode B postal code., 103 Colmore Row was designed by John Maden, whose birthplace is Birmingham; it's governing body of Birmingham city Council or Andrew Michigan.
L'Atlantic City International Airport, which has a runway length of 3048.0, is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It is situated in the U.S. A.R.A.C.
14R/32L is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport. 
Austin, Texas is located in the United States. It is led by the City Manager.
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. It was published by Cornell University, affiliation to an association of public and agray university. 
Andra started active in 2000 and performs pop music. She is a Pop musician.
Alexandria, Indiana is a part of Madison County in Indiana, U.S. In the United States, where Anderson is an largest city.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, where Diego Santilli is a leader. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from the United States, where English is a language spoken in Great Britain and Native Americans are an ethnic group., L'Atard Abbreviated the Labyrintans comes from The U.S. In this country, there are native americans and one of its languages is English which can be heard in Gran Bretagna.
(410777) 2009 FD, which was discovered by Spacewatch, has an orbital period of 39447000.0. It has a periapsis of 882343000000.0 and 8823430000.0.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba, Manioquia., The birth place of Alex Plantes is Manibaka u Alexander Planté.
ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where Americans are known as americans. It has an ethnic group called White American and one of its types is white American.
Aerfort Ardmore (New Zealand) is located in Auckland. 
Austria uses the language Austrian German and is where one of the languages spoken. 
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987, is located in Pacific Grove, California. It was aggiunto al March 27th 1987 a l'Annuario storico historique de 1987-02-28., Séjours concertes AasiloMar (Pacific Grove), California, are mises ajouted al Registre Historique Provincial 21/27 1987.
L'Alan B Miller Hall, Virginia, a Mason School of Business in the United States, was designed by Robert A M Stern. L'Accademia degli Affairs is located in Virginia (United States).
 Stephen Dilts is a Chief of the South Jersey Transportation Authority, which was formerly chief. 
Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., which was located in the United States. It has AIDAluna as its power type. 
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas, United States. He served as a test pilot and operated Apollo 12 by NASA. Alan Bean is an American of the U.S. A.E.A.
Abilene, Texas is a part of Texas, in the U.S. Austin and Houston are an largest city in Texas.
Arròs negre, a Catalonia in Spain, hails an ingredient of Cephalopod ink. It includes white rice, cuttlefish or squid and cephalopod Ink, cubanelle peppers.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press, in the United States. It is a publisher of A Lien Carnien carnier. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages, ISBN number 0-439-92550-9. It has an ISBN Number 0-939-92550-9.
Ayam penyet s'est found in Singapore. It is a member of Java where Baduy are one of the ethnic groups. , Ayam Penyet comes from Singapore and originates from Indonesia.
Acharya Institute of Technology in India, which was established in 2000. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar.
Abilene, Texas is part of Texas where Washington D.C. is the capital and it is in the U.S. A.Y.
Sandesh (confectionery) is a dessert. Bionico comes from Mexico, where Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader. Il y compris sandesh or Sandesh. 
Hypermarcas, which is located in São Paulo, produced drugs., Il'ispèce de Droges (il'specchias) si trouve in Sao Paulo.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is in the U.S. A.L.A. and Don Tripp are leaders de la Maison of Representatives new Mexico. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay, where Tabaré Vázquez is a leader. It's the birth place of Alfredot Zitarroa. Tabare Vazquez leads Uruguay.
A Wizard of Mars, which was written by Diane Duane, has an OCLC number 308475413]. It is a ISBN number 3249775413.
Hypermarcas, which was founded on 1st January 2001, is located in Sao Paulo, São Paulo. It has Mantecorp as a subsidiary. 
Ajoblanco contains bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil., The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are Bread, allmonds (charlic), water and olive ola.
L'Angola International Airport serves Luanda, is 159 metres above sea level. It is situated in Ícolo e Bengo, l'Luanda Province, en Angola. Il y compris 159 km/h. L'Aerfort international אנג'לו n'est depuis 159 m al-dessus laj.
Akeem Ayers formerly played for St Louis Rams, which is located in St. Louis. He made his debut with the Tennessee Titans and was a member of the St-Louis Rams. 
Georgia (U.S.) is a country in the United States. , Georgia (US) comes from the US.
At Austin is the capital of Texas, where Andrews County Airport is located., Andrews Town Airport can be found in Texas (capital: Austin).
Baymax, which was created by Steven T. Seagle and Scott Adsit, is a film Big Hero 6 (film) that starred in Scott Adit. Baymax comes from Duncan Rouleau whose nationality is American.
Airey Neave commence service in 1935. 
Anders Osborne was signed to Shanachie Records and is recorded by Shani Records.
Vegetables are an ingredient in Batchoy. 
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, in Indiana, United States where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
L'AMC Matador, a similar name of the American Motors Matdor, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It has an AMC V8 engine and its body style is station wagon.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy, where Rome is the capital. It is led by Rome. 
Il Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in Panama, where Lockheed AC-130 and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon are a transport aircraft. L'équipage dei fl-Aviation Force U.S.F.; Boeing C-17 Globemaster III (l'Operated organisation for Al As Adad). Il y érigerait all-Afghanistan tal-Panama.
Ajoblanco n'est from Spain, where Felipe VI is a leader. Il y compris Spanacciards and l'euro are the currency in Spain., Il o Ajoblanco originates from Spáinnis; j'enmonym de Spaniards. L'ebollir hails ar Spanish.
Pietro Canonica e's designer of the Ataturk Monument in Izmir. 
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on 17th October 1933. He became a crew member of Apollo 8.
ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups. It has an anthem called The Star Spangled Banner.
Lancia Thema and Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Arese, are related means of transport to the Fiat Croma. Il is a similar types of transportation such as Lancia Mondeu., Il-Rome 164 (assemblé in Erse) y compris former modèles de transport cars o Laancia Synta et Licanta.
Aaron Turner, whose genre is Drone music, plays for Twilight and Greymachine. He has a group of bands Blackmachine but he performs drone music.
Asam pedas, a commonly known as Asam pemeh, comes from Sumatra and Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. Il y contains fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was written by David Weber, is preceded by 1634; The Baltic War. It was followed by Ring of Fire II in the English language. 
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math. It was first published in 1878 and has an ISSN number 1080-6377., Am.J.Math. (abbrm.j. math.) is the bbreviation of the AmericanJournal of Matamaitical whose first publication on 1878.
Ampara Hospital is a district of Ampara District in Sri Lanka, Sri Lanca. 
Stuart Parker played football for Bury F.C.
Adisham Hall, architectural style of Tudor Revival, is located in Sri Lanka. It was completed in 1927 and it has an architecture style at the Tudor Revivaal., Accademia Adisham Hall (in Sri Lanca) commenced en 1927 et acheved in 1931.
Allen Forrest, a solo singer, was born in Fort Campbell, KY, and raised in Dothan, AL. He is an exponent of acoustic music.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes. 
Massimo Drago played for S.S. Chieti Calcio and he plays for the club S-S chieti FC. 
Richard A. Teague, a General Motors employer Richard A Tague (whose designer is the AMC Matador).
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, operated by ENAIRE, is located in Madrid. Its runway name is 14L/32R and it has a length of 4349.0. It is 610 metres above sea level.
The AIDAluna began his career on 22nd March 2009., Aidaluna became active in 2009-03-16.
Albuquerque, New Mexico - in the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. Liens include Native Americans and b'Albarque (New Mexico).
L'aerfort County Andrews, which is 973.0 metres above sea level, has a 4th runway surface type of Asphalt. L'arrivée dei l'asfalte hails ar an elevation of 973,0 meters al-livello. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died 28 February 1966 in St Louis.
Abilene, Texas is a part of Jones County in Texas, U.S. Affari Regional Airport serves the city of Abilenne. L'arrivée dei l'aeroporto téléphonique hails 2194.0 meters long., L'asfalter Régional Ataturk (I.R.A.J.), Austin, Illinois, United States.
At serves the city of Athens, a runway length of 3800.0. It is operated by Athens International Airport which provides it in Athens., L'arrivée dei l'aeroporto Ataturk (in Athens) - 38000.0 long.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland, which was established in 1996. It has 600 students and is led by the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland. , L'Académie de Architturio (Established en 1996) y hails 600תלמידs; it had its title federal chancellor for Switzerland.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a American, was born in Connecticut and died in New York City. He worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. J.Y. O.S.
Il-Musée Turkish Martyrs' Memorial in Azerbaïdjan, a bhfuil Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner is dedicator do the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Is ábhar dearg granite agus white marble as well as le haghaidh Ard-Stiúrthóireacht Azerbaijan. Il-Roghnaigh an tAirteagal Général na hAzerbaidjan.
Lee County, Alabama is a state in Ohio., Le County Lee (Alabama) is situated in the state of Aula.
L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, a length of 99.83, is built in Finland, Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. Il y l'arctique Finnmark operates fought inFinland. It has an beam of 21.2 km/h.
11/29 is the name of a runway name at Andrews County Airport. 
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, a led by the European Parliament. It is governed by The European Parlaimint. 
Alan Shepard died on 21 July 1998 in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator. Il sionista dei California n'ont pasgan Diane Faeinstein. 
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont. He is a member of the Whig Party (United States) which has Daniel Webster as its leader. 
L-Aviation Force, which is operated by the United States Air Force. L-Opération General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon, f'Airbase Al Asad (Operated by Lockheed AC-130). Il-U.S.F. are a fighter aircraft carrier dei Général Dynamic Sf-16Combatting Falcon and fl-Afghanistan in 1986.
Cármen Lúcua is a leader of Brazil, where Cárman LÚcia is the leader. 
Anders Osborne, a Rhythm and Blues musician, is signed to Rabadash Records. Anders Osborn performs rhythm and blues music.
Poaceae, a type of Monocotyledon, or Commelinids. Poaceae is part of the division of flowering plant and it has an 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) surfaced from poaceae.
The Acura TLX, a Honda J engine, is manufactured by Honda. It's an HondaJ engine and they are constructed by it. 
Arrabbiata s'arrabbiata is from Rome, Italy in Italy. It has chili pepper as one of its ingredients.
Mae'r Baked Alaska, which comes from France, in New York. Meringue is one of the ingredients found in this country.
Atlanta is a part of DeKalb County, Georgia in the United States. Atlanta (part of Lat-Lat) deKlp en Georgia.
Stuart Parker, who played for Sparta Rotterdam, has been manager of A.F.C. Blackpool. It is managed by a footballer Stuart Park (footballer) and he plays for Spa Rotterdam. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, where Halimah Yacob is the leader. It has an ethnic group of Banyumasan people and its language is Standard Chinese.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv and is a member of the Olympique Lyonnais club, which has Jean-Michel Aulas as its chairman. Il y formerly footballer Aleksandre Groli who plays for Football Olympiaque Livannais; l'indirizzo devrait être Stadio Olimpique Lafayette (il fauteuil Franco).
Audi A1, assembled in Audi Brussels, it has a 1.2 litre body style. It is équipé depuis 12 litre per l'automobile. 
William Anders, who was born in British Hong Kong on 17th October 1933. He became a fighter pilot and attended AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. de 1962. William Anders fought in New York City on Oct 17, 1933; he retired on 1st September 1969.
3Arena, designed by Populous, is located in Dublin, Dublin. It was completed in December 2008.
Aleksandra Kovac, whose genre is rhythm and blues, became associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač., Rhythm and Blues musician Aleksandra Koccan belonged to the musical artist Bhbi Dol et Kornalije kovač.
Greenville, Wisconsin serves Appleton International Airport. Greenville is part of Menasha and Clayton Winnebago County in Wisconsin, U.S.A. E's governed by appleton.
Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman, a bananaman. 
Asy Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982., The birth date of Ace Abner is 08.07.1982.
(66063) 1998 RO1, formerly known as 1999 SN5, has an epoch date of 4th April 2013, and its orbital period is 360.29 days. Its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 (kilometres).
Banana leaf is an ingredient in Arem-arem which comes from Indonesia, Indonesia. 
Stuart Parker, who played for Drogheda United FC and Runcorn F.C. Halton, manages A.F. C. Blackpool. He is a member of the footballer Janu Parker (footballer) where he plays for runcorn FC Haltone. 
Abel Hernández played for the Uruguay national football team. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is managed by Vica. 
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has a LCCN number 32024459. 
Gabriela Michetti is a leader in Argentina, where Gabriela Mitchetti leads. 
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House, constructed in 1911, is located on U.S. Route 83. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988.
Alexandria, Indiana has a total area of 6.81 sq km. Its population density is 755.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Agra Airport is located in Agra. 
AFC Ajax (amateurs) is a member of 5000 members and fought in the Hoofdklasse. In 2014, it has 5 000 members. 
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, established in 1928, has 737 academic staff. It has 16 000 students a total area de 15 000תלמידs. 
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre. It is totally 74.33 sq km and it has an area of 7,33.
Antioch, a part of Contra Costa County, California, is part de la San Francisco Bay Area in California. Il y uses the Spanish language.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versu the Scrivener's Bones., Letz Ltzlnvrldvrdvndvredvvedvvivew; it is followé by Albutelz Versum the Ilenvrinvtorioblissement.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., which is a member of the Serie A where Juventus F.C. and Juventus FC are champions. 
The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact factor of 1.37., L'American Journal de Mathematician has un impact Factor of 1.33.7.
Buzz Aldrin a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA. , Buzz Allrin became attached to NASA's Apollo 11.
110 Lydia, which has an epoch date of 31st December 2006, has a rotation period of 39332.9 and an apogée de 2006.31., Lydia is l'emasquata on 31decembre 2006; it has un délai 15332.9, an orbital period in 37352.9.
1099 Figneria, a mass of 2.7 kg, has an epoch date 31 December 2006, and it had an orbital period of 179942000.0. Its periapsis is 349206000000.0.
John Roberts is a leader of the United States, where John Roberts and Bacon Explosion comes from. 
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Artur Rashizade. Dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. 
(66391) 1999 KW4, a density of 2.0 g/cubic centimeter, has an epoch date 14th July 2004, it has its orbital period 16244700.0. Its apoapsis is 162164091.8388 (kilometres).
K-W United FC played for the Premier Development League whose champions are K W United Football. 
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al-Zawra'a SC and plays for the Shabab Al Or-Ordon Club. 
The final flight of Antares rocket was on 28th October 2014 and it had its final voyage on August 28, 2014.
Aaron Turner performs avant-garde metal. 
New Jersey, where Trenton is the capital. It's a capital of New Jersey (capital: Trentone).
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova., Chisinau (Moldova) is the birthplace of Andrew Rayell.
Il-gouvernement Flemish is a leader of the region fluviale. 
Bananaman broadcast by BBC and starred Graeme Garden. Bananaman, a TV programed by the BBC., Bananaman which was shown by Grum Garden, is radiodiffufactured by The BBC.
John Roberts is a leader in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. Bacon Explosion comes from. Is l'espèce de bacon esplosion and John Roberts as its leader.
Agustin Barboza was born on 5th May 1913 in Asuncion, Paraguay., Agustín Gaboza (in Asunción) is a birthplace of Andalusia 05/05/1913.
Bhajji is a food found in India, where T. S Thakur is the leader. It's an Indian people whose denomination are indians. 
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He worked at the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism (Greece), but he succeeded Makis Voridis.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, which was given to the All India Council for Technical Education, had its official school colour blue, white and orange. It was underd by all-Industy per l'Istruzione Tecnica., Il-Accademia Tecnico Deivention dei Jurisprudence hails from Blue, White and Orange as well as his official School colour blu,White andOrange.
William Anders a crew member of Apollo 8 where Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin became an backup pilot. William Anders retired on 1st September 1969. He was part of the Apollo 8.
Allen Forrest performs pop music. 
Baduy is an ethnic group in Java, where the mauvais., Mauvaises are an ethnological group of Java which has BaduY as one of its groups.
Aleksandra Kovac's genre is soul music. , Aleksandra Kovač performs rock music.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. Washington D.C. Il-U.S. hails an ethnic group of White Americans and its capital is Washington DC.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where they are leaders. Is l'inauguration de Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. 
Alberto Teisaire is a nationality in Argentina. 
Abel Hernandez, whose club is Peñarol, plays for UC Citta di Palermo., O.S. Città di Palerme, Abel Hernández, was a member of Penarol.
Andrew Rayel, a member of Mark Sixma, is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn. Andrew Rayell's band was along with Mark sixma., Anderson Rayl has been associated with the musician Mark 6ma and Owen Mendelshohn.
Austin, Texas is part of Texas within the U.S. A.R.A.
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where Barack Obama is leader and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. Il y includes an English language but b'e'r A severed wasp.
1099 Figneria, which has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 (kilometres) and an average speed of 16.37 km/s. It is a 16,37 kilometres per second. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, nicknamed Asa Gigante, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions. 
Appleton International Airport serves Appleton, Wisconsin, part of Grand Chute in Wisconsin.
Abdul Taib Mahmud's Alma mater was the University of Adelaide. 
Stanislaw Tillich is a leader in Germany, where the leader is. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has a staff size of 737., L'école deffari et sociali at an Asservator University is 737, it has un personnel massimo de 737.
Tarrant County, Texas is located in the U.S.A.
Abner played football for C.D. FAS. , Abner (footballer) formerly plays for FC D.FAS.
The Administrative Science Quarterly, abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q., has a coden code of ASCQAG and it is obbligatorie as Admin.
The AIDAstella, a length of 253260.0 millimetres, was christened on March 16th 2013. It is 25260.0 mm long. 
L'Italia is l'Italie. Amatriciana includes Guanciale, guanciale, cheese, olive oil and it comes from the Lazio region in Italy. Il y comprise ingredientes: pomodori, granciale (gonçale) a coltura Italiana.
John Buscema a was awarded Eagle Award (comics).
The average speed of 1036 Ganymed is 16.86 km per sec., (1036) Ganimed has an amount of 16,86 kilometres per second. Its متوسط speed is 168.6 km/s.
Alan B Miller Hall is owned by the College of William & Mary, whose chancellor was Robert Gates. Il y tenant Alan B. Miller hall in Virginia, Illinois. It's currently possessed by The College de William and Mary (who has an Chancellor as RobertGates).
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died on 21 July 1998 in California. He became awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Méd., At an American Defense Service Militaire (United States) whose birthplace was New-Hampshire; he passed away on August 21st 1998.
Alan Martin played football for Crewe Alexandra F.C., The footballer Alan Martin is a member of the FC, whose club plays for La Football League (Athen Martin).
Lars Løkke Rasmussen is a leader in Denmark, where Lars Lokke Rasussen leads. 
La Crosse, Wisconsin has a total area of 58.3528., L'area totale de LaCrosse in Wisconsin is 58.38.
Baymax, a first appearing in film Big Hero 6, was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle. , Baymax (b'e) b'édistinguለች in films big Hero 6 which is part of the film Grand Hero 6.
Avocado is a member of the genus Persea.
Abilene, Texas is a part of Texas in the U.S. Affari Regional Airport which serves an city of Abileni, Illinois. Il y's runway length is 1121.0.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and a number of members. 
The OCLC number of Addiction (journal) is 37357194., Addiction journal has the OACL number 2744719. It has ISSN number 287547000.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He won the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Méd and died in California.
Mauricio Macri is a leader in Argentina, where ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) comes from. It has Buenos Aires as its capital and it is led by MauricioMacri. 
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where English is the language. 
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where Barack Obama leads. In this country, an ethnic group include Native Americans and one of the languages spoken in Great Britain.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and has 3 000 members. 
3Arena is located at East Link Bridge.
John Cowper Powys a notable work was Wolf Solent. 
Il Memorial turco Martyrs in Baku, a red granite and white marble, is natively known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti. , Türk ŞehitleriAniti - the Native name of the Ataturk memorial Turkey's martyrs.
Anderson, Indiana is a part of Adams Township, Madison County in Indiana, U.S. In the United States, and has Indianapolis as its capital.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cape Town is the capital and Asian South Africans are one of the ethnic groups. Is a part of south Africa whose capital is Cape town. It is also home to an ethny group called White SouthAfricans.
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of Athens, was in office while Antonis Samaras became Prime Minister and Konstantinos Mitsotakis. Makis Voridis succeeded Aleksandros Venizelos.
Al Anderson, a member of the band NRBQ, performs rock music and originated from country music. 
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is the leader. Il's ethnic group is Black Canadians and its anthem is O Canada., L'Albanie II governed Canada; l'espolaire dei Canada (led byElizabeth II).
110 Lydia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ottawa, in the United States. Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group from the U.S.
Jerry Ordway, a nationality of Americans, was created by Bibbo Bibbowski.
A.S. Roma, which play in Serie A, competed in Rome, Italy. It is a home ground at Rome,Italie., AS Roma's ground isRome (Italie) where they have an Stadio A.
Akeem Adams played football for United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is Palo Seco. He has Thomas Doll as its manager and Gábor Kubatov as his chairman.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas. He graduated from University of Texas at Austin and died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office. It has a diametre of 3.9 metres, it had its maiden flight on 28th October 2014 and an Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. Its final flight was on September 18, 2013.
Albert B. White, who died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, was succeeded by William M O Dawson and a successor of Albert J.White.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Ohio., Mae Auburn (Alabama) is جزءا de l'Alabama.
Lancia Thema is a related means of transport to Alfa Romeo 164. 
Anders Osborne started performing in 1989. He is a Rhythm and blues musician, he was associated with Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. J'll began actively in 1988.
Allen Forrest, a solo singer, performs pop music. He is devenu solo singer.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The capital city of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the Tamil language is Tamil. Adisham Hall can be found in Haiputal (Sri Lanka).
Bhajji includes gram flour, vegetables and is a food found in the Karnataka region. Il y comprise an ingredient of bhajji; it comes from the Kadunan region.
Roy D. Chapin Jr, a key person in the American Motors, manufactured AMC Matador. L'American Motors operated by Chrysler and was succeeded by Eagle (automobile).
Agustin Barboza, a solo singer, was born in Asuncion, en Paraguay. Agustin Gaboza's genre is Guarania (music) and he became part of sequel to Asunción. 
The ALCO RS-3 has a four-stroke engine and is operated by. 
Ayam penyet s'il is a food found in Indonesia, Indonesia. Il y compris Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group of Malaysia. It includes the main ingredients: Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
Abel Caballero, a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, was born in Ponteareas in Spain. He worked as Minister of Transport and belongs to the Partie socialist-ouvriers.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, Java. Il's main ingredients include: Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 July 1987. He formerly played for the Houston Texans and he is a member of the Texas team. 
Albany, Georgia is led by Mayor. It is the title of the leader of Albany in Georgia. 
Arrabbiata sórt arrabbiata is in Rome, Italy. It has garlic as one of its ingredients and it comes from the region of Rome. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States, where English is the language and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. Il'y hails an ethiopien group within the U.S., L'Albaquierque (New Mexico) originates dagli Stati Uniti; l'Illinois detienent all'Etiopiens a bénéficier d'une organisation ethnique including African
The AMC Matador is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria. It has a full-size car and it is also known as VAM Classic. L'AMCMatador belongs to the sequelport Melbourne (Vittura).
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia., The Asam Pedas comes from Malaysia.
Squid is an ingredient in Arròs negre, which contains saquid. 
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ottawa, in the United States. Washington D.C. Is a capital and Native Americans are an ethnic group from the U.S.
Il Memorial turco Martyrs, Baku in Azerbaijan, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner. Il memorial turque Ataturk (Tur Şehitleri Aniti) a monument made from red granite and white marble.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season.  
ENAIRE is l'Operating organisation for Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas, situated in San Sebastián de los Reyes. In Madrid, Spain, ENAIRE operates an aerfort adolfo Suarez Barajas (in San Sebastian de Los Reye).
Bananaman, which was created by John Geering, first aired on 3rd October 1983. It starred Tim Brooke-Taylor and last aird on 15 April 1986. , Bananaman, commençated in BBC on 03/03/1983. J'y Gering is a creator of bananaman May 15, 1986.
3Arena, which is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland. Dáil Éireann is the leader of Dublin and it is part of Leinnster.
L'AIDAstella, which was built by Meyer Werft, is owned by Costa Crociere, whose parent company is Carnival Corporation & plc and operated by AIDA Cruises. Is located in Genoa. L'Administration of the Aidastella (w'Aida Cruiser), l'adjudicazione dei carnivalcorporation & pplc. Il y powered by Mayer Werfl.
L'Alan B Miller Hall, Virginia, a Mason School of Business in the United States, was completed on June 1st 2009, and it is located in Virginia. It has current tenants l'Accademia degli Affairs (New York).
(19255) 1994 VK8, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, has a mass of 5.6 kg. Its orbital period is 8788850000.0 and periapsis is 6155910000000.0.
Akeem Ayers's position is Linebacker., The role of the linebackers, Akesem Auyers, was Line backer.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County in Indiana, United States. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area total of 4.14 sq km.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor. Amar Osim managed Al Khalib Al-Ordon Club. Il y formerly AlaaAbdul Zahra was a member of the club Shabaab Al Ordon Club.
Celery is a member of the Apiaceae family, celery whose genre is Apium. Bakso can be found in Acews and it comes from several types of algues.
 Dale Tallon is a general manager of Florida Panthers. 
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England where he died in London. 
Aaron Turner started performing in 1995. He is a post-metal artist and he was associated with Old Man Gloom, Twilight band.
Led by Aston Martin V8, which was assembled in the United Kingdom. It is a related means of transport to the Dean Martin DBS and it has Elizabeth II as its leader. 
Hypermarcas, which is located in Brazil, produced drugs., In Brasil, Hypermarcais producing drogas.
Lancia Thema is the Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy. It has a Saab 9000 and an ean t-u'r transport of Lancia Mondeo. Il y compris la Sia 9000 dei marchandises. 
Bionico, a type of dessert. Bionico comes from Mexico where Enrique Pena Nieto and Spanish is one of the languages spoken in Mexico. Il y compris Honey as an ingredient.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst., is a academic discipline of Computer Science and it has an ISSN number 1558-2868. 
Agnes Kant, a nationality of the Netherlands. Agnes Kant worked in the House of Representatives (Netherlands), where Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer are leaders.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and his successor was Adenan Satem.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilenne, Texas. It is part of Texas.
250 Delaware Avenue, Buffalo, New York. It was constructed in janvier 2014 and cost 110 million dollars per a total area of 30843.8 square metres; it has 12 floors.
A Long Long Way has an OCLC number 57392246 and an ISBN number 0-770-03380-4. It has the ISBN Number 0-670-03380-4.
L'Alaska Baked Alaska is a dessert. Il y compris Cookie and cookies are types of dessert.
Anders Osborne, a member of Tab Benoit, is associated with Billy Iuso and Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. He has collaborated with TabBenoit and Tony Jussi.
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy, where A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground was located. It has Italians and they are known as italians. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas, Dallas. He died 28 February 1966 in St Louis.
L'or created the Rutland Arms, Bakewell in 1820. Il y contains ground almond, jam, butter and eggs as its main ingredients.
Meyer Werft is located in Germany.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. Il's capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and its currency is an rupee shri Lankan.
Andra, a Rhythm and blues genre, is associated with Puya and CRBL. Andra's musical genre was rhythm and Blues.
A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2. It has 56 pages., The OCLC number for A wizard de Mars is978-20-3380-2 and it has 600 pages.
Andrews County, Texas is a county seat of Andrews.
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ottawa, U.S. Akron in a country where Americans are an ethnic group. It is located within the United States whose n-monym is American.
1099 Figneria, a periapsis of 349206000000,0, has an epoch date 31 December 2006.
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins. 
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Batumi. He formerly a member of the club FK Dynamo Барimenti. , Aleksandre Kotji is associated with FC Alpenty Lalviv, but he also plays for F Fyltanciamento Campimi.
The Alhambra, which was launched on 31 May 1855, had a 8.3m long ship beam. It has an orbiter of 8.3 m and became inaugurated on 1st May 1850.
At Alexis Tsipras is a leader in Greece, where Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens. Is l'arrivée d'Athens i gcionn greece.
At built the icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov in Finland, where Sauli Niinisto is a leader. 
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, a type of dessert. Ils include Cookie and cookies. 
Felipe Gozon is a key person in GMA New Media, which has Felipe Goszon as an parent company. It is publicly affiliated with GGMA Network. 
Bill Marriott International is a key person in Bill.
GMA New Media, a mass media, produces mobile applications. It is l'industrie dei mass média and produces mobile apps. 
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada., Canada is the birth place of Aaron Bugaard.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in Soho Press, United States. A Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S. E.E.C., Il-Americans an Afraicean Africans and A'l-Alienphobes are degli Stati Uniti.
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. (corporation), was founded on 1st January 2001, and has an net income of 108,600,000., Federal O.S.C. Inc. Hypermarcan is devenue on 01-01-19 2001. It's operated by A.R.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom. It has a 5.3 litres density and it is related to the Asen Martin DBS., Il-Manufacturer an Asun Martin Vi8 (NewportPagnell; Buckburnshire), England et U.K. L-L-I.R.C. Il-ll-il-l-U.S.It
L-American submarine NR-1 a length of 45000.0 millimetres, it was launched on 25th January 1969. Its top speed is 8.334 km/h and its beam de 3.8 m.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Samtredia. , (Aleksander Guulli) formerly plays at FC Aktiera.
Aaron Turner started active in 1995. He is a member of the Lotus Eaters band and Old Man Gloom. A musical genre of Electroacoustic music, he was associated with old Man Gool.
Anderson, Indiana a 268.0 metres above sea level. It has an area code of 765 and it has 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. Its total area is 107.43 (square kilometres) and its surface code is 765.
At aer Ashgabat International Airport, which is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines, is 211 metres above sea level. It is situated in Ashbagt, it has an runway length of 2989.0 and its operating organisation is Turkey Airlines., L'arrivée dei l'ascaghat international Airport (il y operate by Turkmén Airlines) - 211 km/h.
Bionico, a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico. Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico and it can be varied as Honey. Bionico comes from Jalajara. Il y compris grantur de bionico.
3Arena, which is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. It is part of Dublin (République de Ireland).
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino, Switzerland aveva 600 students. It was established in 1996. Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland.
Dodge Coronet is l'alternative name of the 1955 Dodge. 
Alfons Gorbach, a married to Imst, was born in Ist County of Tyrol. He died in Graz. 
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County a Randall County in Texas, U.S. Amarillo (part of Travey).
L'aerroport Ardmore (New Zealand) is located 34.0 metres above sea level. It has a runway name of 07/25 and an length of 518.0.
Alfons Gorbach, aménagtaithe in Imst, In Austria-Hungary, died in Styria., Imst is the birthplace of Ist (Austria-Hongheria).
Anaheim, California is a part of Orange County (part of Greater Los Angeles area) in California, United States. Anaheim leads the California State Assembly.
101 Ukrop Way is l'adresse of Alan B. Miller Hall, which was constructed on 30 March 2007 in 31 March 2007.
AIDA Cruises are located in Rostock.  The AIDA Crocs is a location of ROstock.
Akeem Ayers formerly played for the Tennessee Titans and was a draft pick of 39. He started his draft round in 2, but he went on to make 39.
L'AMC Matador, a model year 1971, is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria. It is related to the AMC Ambassador., Il modèle of 1971 it is an Memorandum of transport de l'ACMMatador (assemblé en port Melbourne), Victoria.
The Aston Martin V8, a related means of transport, was succeeded by the Alman Martin Virage. It is complémentaired to the Union Martin RHAM/1.
Anders Osborne signed to Alligator Records and is a record label of ALligator Record.
FC Tom Tomsk является играющим в Чемпионате Греции Мэйпл-Кёльн.  , Клубом ФК Tom Tomск находится в Чемпионе Германии по футболу.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is a ground in Italy. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes and it has a runway length of 3500.0., At Adolfo SuarezMadrid Barajas airport, which is situated at San Sebastian de Los Reyers, can be reached 3500 per l'arrivée.
L'Ariane 5 a launch site of the Ariane 5 was ELA-3 at Guiana Space Centre, which is located in France-Guana. It has l'ESA-3., Al-Areane 5, tentatively operated by L-Galiade 5 and it is situated in French Guana.
The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine and is équipé dei Honda k engine. 
Buzz Aldrin is a nationality of the United States., A US Nationality Buzz Aldin was an American.
Alan Frew performs rock music, which originated from country music and folk music. It is a genre of Rock music whose stylistic origin originates from Folk music.
Il-Finland, where Sauli Niinisto and Juha Sipilä are leaders, is a leader in Finland. It was built the icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov (l-Ifinland) o Helsinki.
Beef kway teow, oyster sauce, is a food found in Indonesia, Singapore and Indonesia. 
Aaron S. Daggett, who was born in Maine, fought in the American Civil War where he won the Purple Heart and died in West Roxbury.
Abel Caballero, aménagé in Spain, was in office while Felipe González and Juan Carlos I of Spain. Francisco Franco preceded felipe Gonzalez.
103 Hera, which has a mass of 7.9 kgs, has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 (kilometres). Its mass is 7.9 kilograms and its escape velocity is 0.0482 kilometres per sec., 3498 km/h, 103 Heru, with exploration height 0,0482 kilometers per second, ha l'opisis 3487170000,0 km.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the invasion of Panama, a part of the U.S.A.F. where one of its efforts was involved in this organisation. 
Bionico, which is a food found in Jalisco, Mexico. Il y contains raisins and it comes from Guadalisco. 
Alberto Teisaire, a nationality of Argentina, is i Buenos Aires. Il governing body in the Legislature città di Buis Aires; Gabriela Michetti leads l'Argentine. Is where Spanish is one of the languages spoken.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Japan. It is situated in Ikita Prefecture, Asia. 
Agnes Kant, aménagé de la Radboud University Nijmegen, operated by the House of Representatives in the Netherlands. Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and obtained office at the house of Représentants (Netherlands).
1634: The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635: La Cannon Law. 
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was written by Eric Flint, was born in Burbank, California. It was preceded by 1634; The Baltic War and it was sequel to 1635: La Breataine.
Anaheim, California is a leader of Anaheim. Anaheimer, CA's governed by the U.S. House of Representatives which is part of the United States Congress. English is one of its languages and it is led by an American House de representatives.
Twilight (Band Twilight) performs black metal., Black metal is an genre of Black Metal.
AZAL PFK, which is located in Azerbaijan, has a home ground at AZAL Arena. Il y play in the Premier League where Qarabag FK are champions. 
Alan Frew, a solo singer, was born in Coatbridge, Newmarket, Canada. He employs musician and became part of newmarket (Ontario).
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Copenhagen, Denmark. It was designed by 3XN and operated by Marriott international. 
Gus Poyet, a footballer for Chelsea F.C. He is manager of AEK Athens FC who play in the Superleague Greece where Olympiacos FC are their champions. Il y's club was Real Zaragoza.
Athens, where AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members, play in the Superleague Greece and is a member of 69618.
Afrobeat is a fusion genre of Funk, which has Afrobeat as an ingredient. 
Luanda serves Luanda, l'aerfort Angola International Airport. 
Ilmonym in Mexico is Mexicans, a country where one of the demonyms are  mexiciens. 
Alfons Gorbach, aménagtaithe in Austria-Hungary, died in Autriche. Doris Bures is the leader of Austria. 
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, which is a town of Mendirjio in Switzerland. It has 100 academic staff and dean Mario Botta.
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois. , Chicago is a city in Dupage County (Illinois).
Arlington, Texas is 184.0 metres above sea level. 
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuhukum Othman was Vice President. 
Chinabank, a company founded on August 16th 1920, has 5594 employs, un net income of 15100000000 and 295 locations.
The eissn number of AIP Advances is 2158]. 
The Guiana Space Centre is a headquarters in Kourou, French Guisana., L'espace Centre Guimana hails o Kouro (France) France.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the largest city in Washtenaw County. Ann Orbit is an important city of Wash Tenaw Town.
L'Alan B Miller Hall, Virginia, Illinois, is located in the United States. L'Accademia degli Affairs Mason (United States).
The Acura TLX has a 3.5 litres engine. It has an 3.8 litre engine.
Bandeja paisa s'inscrit in the Antioquia Department of Colombia, Colombia. Bandeja paisa is a food found in this region.
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. It was télécharged in Great Britain and it comes from English., Feu'r A Sever Edwasp originates from the U.S. E.C. In Great Bretagna, c'est l'English language (whose abbreviated in Grand Bretagne).
L'Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. It has a runway length of 4000.0.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born in Iraq, a country. 
Anderson, Indiana is a part of Lafayette Township, Madison County in Indiana, U.S. In the United States, and it has Indianapolis as its capital., At Anderson (Indian), l'Illinois, Illinois, New York, Washington, USA. The capital of Indiana e's governed by Austin. It is led by Franklin Adams.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Virginia DeMarce, is 512 pages. It has an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0 and it was published in E-book.
Errata, Mississippi is the birth place of Albennie Jones. He has a background as solo singer and performs jazz music.
Alan Shepard, a crew member of Apollo 14 was retired on 1st August 1974. He became part of the Apollo 14.
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is Helipad. It's known as aרליpad.
Elliot See served as a test pilot and was in occupation. 
 Jacob Bundsgaard is a leader in Aarhus, which is the leader of that country. 
Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army, which fought at the American Revolutionary War. 
Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000 in Bangalore, India. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia in Georgia. It is a member of the U.S. state. , Atlanta (p.l.A.st. Georgia), y compris Fudan County en Georgia.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended University of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was born in Minna, worked as Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria).
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II and fecame involved in the war.
Alan Frew a performer rock music, which originated from blues and folk music. Rock music originates da bhangra (music). It is derived from the Blues and Folk music.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, Sri Lanca., Sri Lanka is the location of Ampara hospital.
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors. 
Il Derbyshire Dales, which is part of Atlanticshire. Il y include shortcrust pastry and Bakewell pudding can be varied by Bakwell tart.
Alberto Teisaire, a nationality of Argentina, died in Buenos Aires. Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is l'orgueil dei governing body at the New York City Legislature. Il y compris la Spanish language.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, which was manufactured by Gruppo Bertone, is a company of the constructing Co.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva - manager Peñarol, whose manager is Jorge Orusmán de Silva. 
Roghnaigh an tSaorán Azerbaidjan, a bhfuil na legislature náisiúnta faoi National Assembly in Azerbaïdjan. Ba'r bhonn dearg granite agus white marble; is designed Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. Is éard le haghaidh Ard-Stiúrthóireacht ar Azerbaijan (led by Prime Minister).
Albany, Oregon is located in the U.S.A. where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. Albany (Oregon) comes from the United States. It hails allemand a l' ethno-groupe degli Asiatiques.
Abel Caballero, a member of the Congress of Deputies, was born in Galicia (Spain) in Spain. He represented an Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989. He formerly played for New England Patriots and the Tennessee Titans.
At 211 metres above sea level, Ashgabat is l'arrivée degli Aerfort International Airport. It has a runway length of 3800.0 and an elevation of 211 km/h.
Arlington, a part of Tarrant County, Texas. Austin is the capital of Texas and Houston is an largest city in Texas.
Alison O'Donnell started active in 1963. 
Bhajji contains gram flour, it is similar to Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flouri., Bjjji includes gram glour et autres patisseries made by waheat/corn floures.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall. 
(410777) 2009 FD has a minimum temperature of 211.0 kelvins. It has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres, and its minimum temperatura is 21.0 Kelvins.
Asam pedas s'est found in Malaysia, where the capital is Kuala Lumpur. In Malaysia there are an ethnic group of Malaysian Chinese and Indonesian Indian. It is a food from the Malay Peninsula.
Alex Day, a solo singer, performs Synthpop. It originated from pop music and is derived from house music.
Albert B. White was born on 22nd September 1856 in West Virginia. He died on 3rd July 1941 in Parkersburg (West Virginia).
Alex Day, a musical genre of Electronic music, was born in London Borough of Havering. He is associated with Charlie McDonnell and Chameleon Circuit band. Alex Day became active in 2006.
RCA Records, which is distributed by Legacy Recordings, is a distribuing company of RCA Record., A distributing company in the Atlantique Records (w) CLC Records comes under l'héritage recordings.
Albany, Georgia is part of the U.S. where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. Il y compris Albany (part of Georgia), a t-un degli Stati Uniti.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago (United States).
Joe Biden is a leader of the United States, where Joe Buiden leads. 
Anaheim, California has a area code 657., L'area code of Anaheim in California is 657.
Alan Bean a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA. David Scott was an commander in the Apollo 12, where Alan Bean fought. 
Bhajji is a food found in the Karnataka region of India, where Sumitra Mahajan and Vajubhai Vala are leaders.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmor Row.,  103 Col more Row, which is situated in Colondome Row.
Alkmaar Zaanstreek is a full name of AZ Alkmaar, which has 17023 members. 
1099 Figneria has a escape velocity of 0.0155 km per sec., The asteroid, 1099 FCFeria, has an apogée de 0,0155 kilometres per second.
Akron Summit Assault, which plays at St. Vincent-St. Mary High School, is in the Premier Development League where K-W United FC are champions. 
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, in Indiana., L'Angola (Indiana) is جزءا dei Palazzo Townships, Stubenz County en Indiana.
Bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT in the U.K.A., where Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, an rasher Sandwich, bco sanger, piece 'n-bacon, bocon cob, macon barm, or bacong muffin. It is also known as bucon tapit, sapin sarni, arscher snack, ban garmin, pee’n
Aaron Bertram, a member of the Kids Imagine Nation and is associated with the Suburban Legends band. It plays pop music.
Antioch, a part of Contra Costa County, California, in San Francisco Bay area. Antioch is part de Contra Castro County (in California), where Chinese is one of the languages spoken. It is 75.324 square kilometres.
Andra, a solo singer, is sfrened pop music. Andra's genre is Pop music and its background is solo singer.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km per sec and an apoapsis of 611961000.0 kilometres., (1036) Ganimed, a length of 168.6 km/s, has its apoabsis is 611603600.0 km (kilometres).
Abraham A. Ribicoff a successor was Anthony J Celebrezze., Anthony J Cattoliezze succeeded Abraham A Riblicoff.
L'Université 1 Decembrie 1918 n'est situate in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is a leader. L'université dei 1 Decreti 1918 se passed vers Bucharest. Tuttavia, tu as an ethnic group such as the Germans of Romania. Il y téléphoner Andrew The Apostle. Le Premier Ministre l'Albany j'était Klaus IIohannis. Ta' patron saint was Andrew the Apost
 Patrick McLoughlin is a leader of Derbyshire Dales, which is led by Patrick Mcoughlins. 
At l'aeroporto Athens International Airport is located in Spata. 
John Valor is the alternative name of Black Pirate, which was created by Sheldon Moldoff and Phill.
Ahmet Ertegun, a non performing personnel, was born in 1923 in Washington DC. He originated in the U.S. A.R.D.C. and whose genre is rhythm and blues.
Alvah Sabin était a member of the Whig Party in the United States, which has Daniel Webster as its leader. Il y's largest city is Burlington, Vermont.
Bakewell pudding comes from the Derbyshire Dales and is a dessert. Its main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
E. Wells discovered 107 Camilla, a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres, it has an epoch date 31 December 2006.
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, Denmark, is affiliated with the European University Association. It was established in 1928; it has 737 academic staff. Il y a student who are 16 000 students. L'école devrait être istituita en 1928.
A Loyal Character Dancer is a food found in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., has an ISSN number 1080-6377. It is a discipline in mathématiques and it can be considered l'emm.jj., Am.J.Math. (abbrv. am.j. Mat.) - L'université de la Matamaitie.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cyril Ramaphosa is the leader. Il's capital city is Cape Town and its ethnic group is Asian South Africans.
Columbus Blue Jackets are located in Columbus, Ohio.  Il-Oll-At-Ohio is a city of the New Jersey which is situated in Atlanta (Ohio). 
In Belgio, a language spoken is German.
Alessio Romagnoli played for A.S. Roma, which play in Serie A and is a member of the youth club AS Roma. 
Alfred N. Phillips fought in the American Civil War and became a member of the United States Army, where AlfredN. Plymouth was an army. 
Airey Neave, a member of the Territorial Decoration, was awarded all'Annuario. 
Alison O'Donnell, a jazz musician, is signed to the label Static Caravan Recordings. Funk derived from Jazz and has l'addition funk.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. played for the Florida Panthers and he plays for football club.
Allan Shivers, who was born in Lufkin, Texas, worked as Governor of Texas. He is a member of the Democratic Party (United States), where Price Daniel was succeeded. 
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and fought in the Topklasse 2014-15. It is a member of 5 000 members. 
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero. It serves as an oibreoir organisation Infraéro. 
Akeem Adams played for Ferencvarosi TC, which was managed by Thomas Doll. He is a member of Ferencvárosi T.C.
Agnes Kant worked in the House of Representatives (Netherlands).
Agra Airport is located in India, where T. S Thakur is the leader. It's led by T
Agustin Barboza's record label is Philips Records and signed to the Apollo Records label. 
L'aerfort International Airport Antwerp is operated by the Flemish Government and it is 12 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 600.0. L'arrivée dei l'aeroporto, which is owned by an Afraic Region Flmish. Il y hails 12,0 meters long.
Lydia II is a leader in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders. Il AIDS journal was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Akeem Adams played for United Petrotrin F.C. whose home ground is Palo Seco, and he plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team., Sae Em Adams was a member of the U.S.P.F. C. which has their home area at Palo Sico. He formerly connected to the Torneo-eterzo National Under 20 Football Team.
Arem-arem is a region in Indonesia, but more specific to Java., The Arem arem comes from Indonesia nationwide and it is più specific for Java.
 Nikos Voutsis is a leader in Greece.  Nios Vouциs - the leader of Grecia.
Auburn, Washington - part of King County, in Washington, U.S. In the United States, Auburn is a member of Washington (capital Olympia) and Seattle's largest city.
L'AIDAluna a Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in California, is located in Peoria, Illinois. It has l'efficacy type of the AIDA Luna.
(19255) 1994 VK8, a epoch date 31 December 2006, has an orbital period of 8788850000.0. Its periapsis is 6155910000.0 and its escape velocity is 0.0925 km/s., The celestial body known as (19255) 94 VK8. It had an apocys in 885580000000,0, it was on 31st December 2006. Il y l'espèce depuis 31 Decembre
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957 and died 21 July 1998 in California.
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia, where Jusufkola is the leader. 
Aaron Bertram started active in 1998. , He commenced actively in the year 1998.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957. A student of an MA in 1959. It is a member of the United States and died in California.
The inauguration date of the Akita Museum of Art was on 28 October 2013 and it was inaugurated on 1998-09-28. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, Malaysia. It includes the main ingredients: Squeezed or smashed, fried chicken served with sambal.
John van den Brom, a manager of AZ Alkmaar, whose club is Istanbulspor A.Ah. He plays for AFC Ajax and managed by Robert Eenhoorn.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and fought in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching (Sarawak). Adenan Satem attended University of Adelaide.
Andrew Rayel, a member of Mark Sixma and Christian Burns, is associated with the musical artist Marc Sima.
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the community of Madrid.  Arruellos De Jaramas is a جزءا de la community di Madrid.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is l'Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, Brazil. 
B.V. Doshi was the architect of Amdavad ni Gufa.
109 Felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000.0 and y's peripsise is 289646000000,0., (109 Fijas) hails an aposiapsisis de 283645000000.
Trane, a company founded on 01-01-1913 in La Crosse Wisconsin. Trane has 29,000 impieciens and hails depuis 1913-01-01. Il y's revenue is 10264000000, it had an operating income of $875,400,000., Tonae was fondated on 1st January 1913 su LaCrosse ( Wisconsin). Hails 39000 employs, operated amount of HVAC, fought at
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, i gceapprovisionned in the Ottoman Army soldiers uccisi in feidhmiú ar feadh Baku. Is é an Memorial Turkish Martyrs' which is dedicated to soldats Ottoman army killed in battle of Baku.
Ram Naik is a leader in Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. L'Agra Airport can be found in Agra.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Paul Ryan is an a leader. It has Washington DC and its capital is Washington, D.C.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg, which was part of the American Civil War. Abraham Lincoln is a commander in that war. 
AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. It has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres and its time zone is North American Eastern Time Zone. , AmeriGas can be found in the United States, where one of the cities is King de Perussia (Prussia), it has an orbite north-Amichigan East Tempo Zone.
Aaron Turner, a black metal musician, is associated with Twilight band and Elliot. He plays Electric guitar. Death metal is an element of the fusion genre Black metal.
N.R. Pogson, Nottingham, discovered 107 Camilla on March 1st 2001, and died in Chennai., L'adolescence N. R.Poggson (Nottingham) was born 01/03/ 2001. L'enquêteur (107) Camille ha scoperta on march 1, 2001.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He served as a test pilot, but he deceased.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and died on 28 February 1966 in St. Louis. He served as a test pilot.
A Severed Wasp, a print publication, has an OCLC number 8805735. It has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8 and is available in print; it has humble office of PS3528.E55 S4 1982. He has bibliothèques directrices concerning PS8234. E55S4 1983., The B Library of Congress Classification (PS3226.F54 S-4 1982) had Humble Office on Print.
Aaron Turner, a member of Mamiffer, performs black metal music and singing. Death metal is an element of the fusion genre Black metal.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He risiede o Kuching. Il y fought in Asajaya and became represented by Aparajuri.
Gus Poyet played for AEK Athens FC., AgsPoyet's club is Ajax Athens F.C.
William Anders a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 8 where Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin was the backup pilot. He retired on 1st September 1969.
B postcode area is Birmingham where the postal code is B. 
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Vladimir Putin is a leader. 
Abradab is associated with Magik (rapper).
Alex Day performs Synthpop which originated from disco and has its stylistic origins in disco. 
At serves Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, a bhfuil an runway length of 3500.0, is 33528 metres above sea level. 
Frank de Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax. 
Baymax created by Duncan Rouleau, Americans. It is a character of Big Hero 6 and starred Damon Wayans Jr.
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart. 
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy, where Arrabbiata sauce can be found. Il'y compris l'italien language and it is led by Sergio Matarella. 
Bananaman first aired on 3rd October 1983. , Bananaman first launched in 1983-3.
In the United Kingdom, British people are a norveglianza. 
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy, where the capital city is Rome. Il soggiorno arrabbiata sauce can be found in it. Is iod by Italians and its leaders are Sergio Matarella.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Ily have 476 bed count and are led by Ranil Wickremesinghe et Austin Fernando.
1099 Figneria, which has a temperature of 156.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 (kilometres). Its escape velocity is 0.0155 km/s. It's measured at 1533 Kelvins and it has density 15,6.0 kilometres per sec., The celestial body known as 1099 FCFeria had exposure measurement of 0,0155 kps.
Alex Plante, aménagé in Manitoba, 1989, was born in 1989., L'Annuación degli Alex Plantes (Manitoba) is 1989.
103 Hera, which has an epoch date of 27th August 2011, has a periapsis of 371240000.0 km. It has the apocys 31st August 2011.
Noodles are an ingredient in Bakso, which include Noodles. 
Rolando Maran, a member of the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. He was born in Italy and is manager of A.C. Chievo Verona. Il y played football for Carrarese Calcio.
Tom Lyle and Roger Stern created Blockbuster, a comic book character. 
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company in May 1950-August 1956. It is 17068.8 millimetres long and has a V12 engine; it was constructed in mai 1950 - August 1956.
Dan Mishkin created Bolt, Larry Bolatinsky and Paris Cullins., The comic character Bolt (also known as لاري Bolaetinsky) is a fictional person who was formerly designed by Pier Pallins and Dan Mishקין. 
Batchoy comes from the Philippines, where Philippine Spanish is spoken and Zamboangans are an ethnic group. Il'y comprise Chinese Filipino; l'indirizzo dei paesi peuvent être menzionates in Filippines. Y'il y hails batchoY. L'Illinois portent un poids ethniques tels qu'Afghanistans et China Manila.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and it is governed by Dr G. P. Prabhukumar., Acharya Institute of Technology situated in the city of Bangalore, Karnataka (India). In 2000, J.R. M. R. Pradesh. L.S. D. Sravarja Palrúpa
At Amsterdam, where Eberhard van der Laan is a leader, is the home ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs) in Amsterdam. 
Al Asad airbase located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. It is 610 metres above sea level and it is 618 feet long. 
AFC Ajax, which has 53502 members, is owned by AFC A.V. and a number of members include 53502.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in Illinois, United States where Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person and its power type is the AIDAluna.
Carl A Wirtanen discovered (29075) 1950 DA. 
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States where there are an ethnic group called Asian Americans. Akron (Ohio) inhabita l'Afraic.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, Switzerland, a dean is Mario Botta. It has 600 students and it hails in Switzerland.
Alessio Romagnoli played for UC Sampdoria. He is a member of A.C. Milan in Serie A, where Siniša Mihajlović and Silvio Berlusconi are the chairman.
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., has an ISSN number 1080-6377 and its frequenze is bmonthly., L'abbreviation for A.J.Math. (abbrv. am.j. math.) - L'universitérature académatique de la Matamaitical. It can be a monthly févre.
Bhajji, a bhajji in India, has gram flour and vegetables as its main ingredients. It is also known as Bhajji (Bhaji, bajji) and it comes from India.
Agnes Kant, a West Germany, was born in West Germania. Agnes Kant's Alma mater is Radboud University Nijmegen and worked as the Socialist Party (Netherlands).
Ducati is a subsidiary in Audi, which manufactured Audi A1., At assembled Audi AC A1, made by Audi and Ducati. Ils are subsidiaries of Audi.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Finland, Finland. 
Adam Koc fought in World War I and was awarded Parasol as a member of the Officer's Star parasol. 
AmeriGas, a member of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, is located in the United States. It was founded on 4th July 1776 and it has total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres., Matufacturer AmeriGas comes from King D'Prussia (Pennsylvanie). Il y ha an area density of 98391516.63 sq km/m.
Andrew Rayel, a Trance musician, has its stylistic origins in pop music. Jwaydan Moyine is associated with John Digweed and J Waydan Meyine.
Il sandwich bacon is a variation of the BLT and it originates from the United Kingdom. Il y comprise l'introduzione dei Bacon Sandwich, which originated in the U.K.A.
Alvah Sabin was born on 23rd October, 1793 in Georgia, Vermont. He worked as a Secretary of State ofVermont and began office as the secrétaire of St.
Airey Neave, aménagé in Knightsbridge, fought in the Battle of France. He began his career on March 4th 1974 and finíodh it on 30 May 1979. 
Albert Uderzo created Asterix, a comic book character, René Goscinny and Albert UDerzo. 
Auburn, Washington - part of Pierce County, Seattle, in the United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by the Associazione Techsystems, which produces AGM-88 HARM. It is a product of AGR ACM-88.
HOK SVE is the architect of 3Arena, which was designed by HOK SSVE. 
Greek is a language in Greece, where they speak Greek.  Grecia is an ethnic spoken in Grecia.
Alan Martin, who was born on 1st January 1989. He played football for Hamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra F.C.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans. It can be found in Great Britain.
Ajoblanco contains bread. Ajoblanco is a food found in Spain and it comes from Spain. 
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. Washington D.C. C'est la capitale dei Washington DC. , Bacon esplosion originates in the U.S. (Il-U.A.), c'etait bacon explosion.
The Acura TLX has a 9 speed ZF 9HP automatic V6 transmission.  Acura TCLX hails detection of 9-speed 9119HP automatv (V6), and it is operated by 9,9 speed
Kelvin Mao is the alternative name of Ballistic (comics character) which was created by Doug Moench. 
Arròs negre is a t-arròs in Spain, where Ximo Puig and Felipe VI are leaders. E'r the region of the Valencian Community whose leader is: Spanjaards.
Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States.  Saranac Lake - part degli Stati Uniti.
Alison O'Donnell, a member of Plastik Mak and Head South By Weaving, is associated with Plastic Mak.
Anders Osborne, a rock musician, is associated with Johnny Sansone. He was signed to Okeh Records and he performs guitarist. Bhangra is an genre of Rock music whose fusion genre can be found in the band Ajay Records.
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC, has an epoch date of June 27th 2015. It has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 km. 
Angola, Indiana is a destination in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans. Angola (In Indiana) comes from all'Amérique.
Binignit a binignit in Visayas, Philippines. Il y contains sweet potato and coconut milk. Ta's main ingredients can be found in Binignit; it comes from the region of VisaYas (Philippines).
Ajo Blanco - alternative name of Ajoblanco, which is also known as Ajo blanco.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor. Il y formerly plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club., Al Khalid Al Ordon Club are clubs of Alae Abdul Zahra who have their home ground at Al Kor.
Swords, Dublin is a part of Dublin (Partie du Parlaimint Europeo).
Ram Naik is a leader of Uttar Pradesh, which part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. Il y rassemblent l'Afghanistan where the native name is Kheria Air Force Station.
L'Université 1 Decembrie 1918 n'est situated in Alba Iulia, Romania. It is a country led by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its capital is Bucharest.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders. 
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. (corporation) is therefore employed by the CEO and has an key person as its CEO. 
The Alhambra had its maiden voyage on 7th July 1855. 
B.M. Reddy is a president of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India. It is governed by b.m. reddy. 
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where Barack Obama leads. In this country, there are an ethnic group called Native Americans and one of the languages spoken in Great Britain.
Amarillo, Texas is located in the United States. , Amarillo (Texas) comes from the U.S.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a food found in the United States, where Joe Biden is an ethnic group of African Americans. It comes from English which was spoken in Great Britain. Il y ha un leader degli Stati Uniti whose leaders are Joe Buden., Led by Joe Baiden, Alcatraz Versu the Labyrintans originates from the U.S. (Ildistinguished
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, where Mark Rutte is a leader. A member of the Christian Democratic Appeal Party and he became an apogée dei Paesi Bassiens. Il s'agissant d'Immigrazione Chreurgica Al-Lendam (il l'euro).
Aaron Deer is a musician Indie rock, Indiana in the U.S. A.R.A.
Agnes Kant, a nationality of the Netherlands, is istituite da's parlementary group leader in Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer. Agnes Kant belonged to an Socialist Party (Netherlands) where he is led by Mark rutte.
Hypermarcas, which is located in São Paulo, has 10252 impieciens. Il y a revenue of $180,100 per l'infériodità dei 1800000000., L'infraidibilité degli Hypermarcais (Ir Sao Paulo) - 10,252 employants. L'Infrangissement devient $18,100,000,000, f'Imfranças hails 11252 occupants
A Loyal Character Dancer has an ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3., The ISBN Number of A loyal Character dancer is 1-59646-301-5.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves Amsterdam. 
Andra, a solo singer, was born in 1986 in Câmpia Turzii. She is an rhythm and blues musician whose genre is Rhythm and Blues.
Il Frederick County, Maryland is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument which was established on 11 July 1907. It is categorised as a district historique in the U.S.A., L'Istituto National Park Service dei Lincoln (New Jersey) - l'Îlectricité Monocacy Regional Battlefield; it was eredit by 1907-07-11.
1089 Tama, formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB;, has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 and its orbital period is 1202.846 days. Its apoapsis was 373513000.0 km., The celestial body located in 1099 Tama (formally called AS911 HA1; 1927WB); it has a escape velocity of 0.0068 km/s per sec. It's l'ered date
Airey Neave, Knightsbridge, was born in  Knightbridge. He fought in World War II and fecame part of WWII. 
Chinabank, a public company founded in Manila on August 16th 1920. Chinabank has 295 locations and its net income is 15,100,000,000., L'entreprise dei Chinesebank (founded 20-16-1920) ha un revenue net of 15100000000. Il y tenant comptent 1500000000.
James Craig Watson, whose state of origin is Canada, discovered 103 Hera., J'Ayd James Craig (Watson) in Canada was originally from Canada.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York. He died in Doña Ana County (New Mexico), United States.
Jack Kirby created the comic character Balder. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the U.S.T. A.L. and died in St Louis.
L'AMC Matador, a model year 1974, is assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin. It is related to the AMC Ambassador. Il y élabored in Keosha ( Wisconsin) e modèle of 1974. 
Mae shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in Bakewell pudding, a variation of the tart Cakewell tart.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia, Indonesia. Il y compris Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group of Malaysia. It includes fried chicken and the main ingredients include Chicken.
 1097 Vicia, a mass of 9.8 kg, has an epoch date 31st December 2006, orbital period 135589000.0, periapsis is 279142000000.0.
Ace Wilder's record label is EMI Records. It was signed to EMI Record label.
Ab Klink, a member of the House of Representatives, was born in Stellendam. He attended Leiden University and worked as Member of The Christian Democratic Appeal.
At 210 metres above sea level, Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township. It serves the city of Zella, Michigan and it has a runway length of 1533.0.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where the legislature is National Assembly. Is é an t-arlaimint na Náisiúnta (Azerbaidjan), i gcaibidil ar Azerbaïdjan. Ba's caipitil sa Bhulgáir; b'e'r phríomhghníomhaireacht iarrtar Uachtarán Repubblicana Bakú., Roghnaigh Tuarascáil Turkurgica Martyrs' 
Mae, ice cream, pudding or Christmas Pudding are main ingredients in Baked Alaska. It is from Paris, New York or Hong Kong, France, U.S. Or China. Il y compris Meringue and it comes from French, United States or China.
 Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States. 
A Long Long Way has an ISBN number of 0-670-03380-4., The ISBN Number of A Long long Way is 0-060-0380-4, and the ISBN code '0-670-03380-4.
Trane is located in Swords, Dublin, Ireland. Trane can be found in Ireland.
 1097 Vicia, a periapsis of 279142000000,0, has an apoapsis of 511592000.0 km. Its epoch date is 31 December 2006, and it has its perisphsis 279142000000,0 (kilometres).
William Anders e William Anders was a backup pilot of Apollo 11., Il-Apollo 11's successor pilot is Williams Anders. 
Julia Morgan, a New York born in California. Julia Morgan was an architect of the Asilomar Conference Grounds and Hearst Castle are important buildings including Chinatown, San Francisco. J'ai governed by Camille Morgan. L'Inauguration dei Halls ar Asiliomar (Saolienne Art Museum).
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982 in Stockholm, Stockholm. It has a background as solo singer., Aye's razza is solo singing and he began his birth on 7th May 1982 en Stockholm.
103 Hera, which has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 km. Its escape velocity is 0.0482 km per sec and it has density of 170 Kelvins., 3487 km/s lm; 103 Heru had escepticisme in 167170000,0 km et its fuga  Velocity is 0,0482 kilometres per second. It has the temperatura of 171kelvins (il apsis
1101 Clematis, a epoch date of 31 December 2006, has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an apoapsis of 520906000.0 kilometres., The celestial body known as 1101 Claetis is l'empoisd date on 31st December 2006. It hails it al-dessus de 5209000.0 (kilometres).
AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises, located in Rostock and operates it. 
Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India, which has the leader Sumitra Mahjan. 
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Japan, where Tarō Aso and Japanese people are an ethnic group. It was a part of Ikita Prefecture.
Aaron Turner is from Boston., Alan Turner was a Boston originated in Boston.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé a production fin of 1958. It was started to produce in 1958.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with Kornelije Kovač. 
Il's ground is Parc Olympique Lyonnais where they are located. 
Arlington is part of Texas, where English is one of the languages spoken. It is a member of Arlington.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. It has a runway length of 600.0.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece.  Federal Adjimitra efaxeinupolis competed at the 14th July 2014.
Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis, a sport offered to the International Tennis Federation. It is governed by the international tennis Federation.
Alberto Teisaire, a Rear-Ammiral, was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 5th 1891. Isaac Rojas is the successor to Alfred Tejaire. 
Albany, Oregon has a total area of 45.97 square kilometres., Leny (Oregon) hails 45..97 sq km/h.
A.S. Roma played in Serie A 2014-15, 2015.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California, where they were foundd., The company Caterpillar Co. (founded at California) is located there.
ENAIRE, l'aeroporto Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas is located in Alcobendas, Madrid, Spain. ENAIRE operates Aerfort de Madrid (Madrid).
101 Helena, a average speed of 18.44 km per sec, has an apoapsis of 441092000.0 kilometres., 31 centimetres per second is l'adépsis de 441920000.0 (kilometres).
Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He had Halton Arp and Allan Sandage as a doctoral student.
Bacon sandwich is a n-aireamh sa Ríocht Uniti. Is é an t-ingréasáin bacon, ina bhfuil ketchup or brown sauce as measc na príomhgnáthghníomhartha: b'arb bocon butty, Bacon sarnie, rasher Sandwich, baco sanger, piece 'n barm, macon cob (bacon Barm) agus ba
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in Chicago, worked as a United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. Casey Ribcoff (whose married to Mayu), b'e's U.S. S.R.D. Santé, Enseignement, et welfare.
Asser Levy Public Baths, which were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 and are located at Assor Levi Place and East 23nd Street. It has an Reference number 80002709 and was ajouted to it on March 23, 1980.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid, New York. Its runway length is 1219.0 and Saranac Lake (New York).
The AMC Matador is a related means of transport to the Associazione, l'Ambassadeur. 
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, is available in print. It has an ISBN number of 978-1-4165-4253-7 and was published in Print.
Arrabbiata sauce is a toscana, Italy. It's an ingredient of Arrabbiata which has Tomato as one of its ingredients. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is a food found in India, where T. S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders. Amdavad NiGufa comes from India. It is governed by Tu.S.Thakur et Suamitra Maharajan. 
Airey Neave started his career on 30th June 1953, and he ended her 31st March 1979. 
Aser Levy Public Baths, a 23rd Street (Manhattan), were constructed in 1904. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1980. Its reference number is 80002709 and has an architecture style romanesque Revival.
Agustin Barboza, a solo singer, is signed to Philips Records. Agustin Gaboza's genre is Guarania (music). It was recorded by Philips Record label.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, which is affiliated to the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions of this club.
Agustin Barboza died in Asunción, Gran Asuncion, gran Asuntion, Paraguay. Juan Afara is a leader of Paraguai. 
3Arena a Dublin, part of the Republic of Ireland, is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. Críona Ní Dhálaigh is leader in Dublin (part of Repubblica Irlande).
Aenir, a print publication, was written by Garth Nix. It has an ISBN number of 0-4339-17684-0 and it is published in print.
A Wizard of Mars, a hardcover, has an ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 and is available in Hardcover., The ISBN Number of the book (ISBN number 0-20-15-204075-2) E': 978-20-4770-2.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville and a battled at chancellorville. 
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students., Acharya Institute of Technology is a city in the city of Bangalore in India (India). It's campus is In Solvanahalli I. S.R. Sagra Abhajjidra Dr.
Trane, a subsidiary, was founded in La Crosse Wisconsin. Il's total area is 58.38 and it has an area of 56.38.
Austin, Texas a County density of population is 1296.65 inhabitants per square kilometre and it has an area code 512. It hails 686.0 sq km/l.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez played for A.D. Isidro Metapan and he plays for AC Idir Metapán. 
Taro Aso is a leader in Japan. 
Anderson, Indiana is part of Madison County, in Indiana, U.S.A.
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Cold Harbor, which is part of the American Civil War. Robert E Lee was a commander in that war. 
Andra, a solo singer, was born in Romania in 1986. She became an rhythm and blues musician. Rhythm and Blues is the genre of Andra.
 1097 Vicia, a epoch date 31 December 2006, has an orbital period of 135589000.0., (107) Visia (b'égo decembre 2006) had an apogée du 31st December 2006.
Denmark's capital is Copenhagen. It is the capital of Copenhagen.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where Boris Johnson and Elizabeth II are leaders. It is led by London. Is a pound sterling as an currency.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is signed to RCA Records and has an art form Zamba (artform). Il's background is solo singer.
Alex Plante was born on 9th May 1989 in Brandon, Manitoba. He is a member of the club Anyang Halla and he fought in 1989.
1099 Figneria has a mass of 2.7 kgs. 
 Cornell University has a nickname of Cornl Big Red. 
Alex Plante's height is 1.9 Busch. It has a hauteur of 2,033.4
107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, was discovered by N.R. Pogson and its époch is on 31st December 2006.
Sergio Mattarella and Pietro Grasso are leaders in Italy, where Rome is the capital. Amatriciana sauce comes from. It's a traditional Italian which has Roma as its capital.
Aaron S Daggett won the Purple Heart and was awarded Aaron St. Dagett.
Alfons Gorbach, aménagé in Austria, was in office while Adolf Schärf was president. 
The Alvis Speed 25 has a total clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox All-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle. It has an engine of 4387.0 (cintimetres). Its transmission is: single plate chukumt, sequel to the celestial body, classed 4 speed Gearbox all Snilent et all
L-Aviation Forces United States, which fought in the Korean War, operates Al Asad airbase. L-U.S. Air Force is l-Operating organisation for Lockheed AC-130 and transport aircraft Boeing C-17 Globemaster III. McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle was an aircraft fighter of the USAF.
Abilene, Texas is part of Jones County, Ohio in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore, where they are beef kway teow. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is an art form Zamba. Il's genre originated from Zambe (artform).
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the City Admin. It is a title of the city Administrator. 
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, is available in E-book. It was published in É-Book.
