Marv Wolfman a was awarded Eagle Award (comics). 
William Anders a crew member of Apollo 8 where Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin became an backup pilot. William Anders retired on 1st September 1969., John Anders, who fought in Apollo 8, was part of the NASA's commander Frank Bolaman, et he attended un mission-board Apollo 8.
Juan Peron a member of the Labour Party in Argentina. 
Anders Osborne, a rock musician, is associated with Tab Benoit and Galactic band. Anders Osborn plays Rock music. He has Billy Iuso and TabBenoit.
A.F.C. Fylde, which has 3180 members, is a bryning Lane. It's located at Brying Lane.
The inauguration date of the Akita Museum of Art was on 28 October 2013 and it was inaugurated on 1998-09-28. 
Andrew Rayel, whose genre is Trance, which originated from pop music, was associated with Bobina and Christian Burns., Trance music has its stylistic origins in Pop music.
101 Helena, a epoch date of 31 December 2006, was discovered by James Craig Watson, Canada. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The AMC Matador is a related means of transport to the Associazione M.A.K.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957. Il y served as a crew member of Apollo 14 and died in California.
Bacon sandwich is a popular in the United Kingdom, which has ketchup or brown sauce. Is é an comhábhar de bacon butty, Bacon sarnie, Rasher Sandwich, baco sanger, piece 'n barm, bocon cob (bacon barmm), macon muffin.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., The Acte Matamaitica Hungaria (abbrv. It's Abbreviation of Act A Math.
Alan Shepard a crew member of Apollo 14 and retired on 1st August 1974. He became part of the Apollo 14.
Alan B Miller Hall, which is owned by the College of William and Mary, was constructed on 30 March 2007 in Williamsburg, Virginia. Il y a construction began 31 March 2007.
Batagor - siomay, a variation of Batagor. Il y includes peanut sauce and batagor.
AFC Ajax, which has 53502 members, is owned by AFC Airways N.V. and a number of members include 53502.
Abel Caballero, a Ponteareas in Spain, was born in Galicia (Spain).
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the City Admin. It is a leader of Ann-Arbor (Michigan).
Buzz Aldrin, a US national, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He is an U.S.A.
3Arena located at East Link Bridge, is a 3Arena. 
HOK SVE is the architect of 3Arena which was designed by HOK SSVE. 
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where they are leaders. It was designed Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner. 
Mae, ice cream, pudding or Christmas pudge are main ingredients in Baked Alaska. It is from Paris, New York or Hong Kong, France, U.S.O. China. Ils include Meringue and meringue ni sponge cake (or Christmas Pudding).
Austin, Texas has a population density of 1296.65 (inhabitants per square kilometre) and its area code is 512. It's total area in 703.95 sq km; it has an areacode of 512.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the largest city in Washtenaw County. Ann Orbit is an important city of Wash Tenaw Town.
Len, a t-ingrédients de bandeja paisa (Bandeja paisa) is lemon. It is an ingredient in the genre of Cirus. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia, Indonesia. Il y compris Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group of Malaysia. It includes fried chicken and it contains Chicken as its main ingredients.
Appleton, Wisconsin serves Appleton. It is a part of Ellington and Little Chute in Wisconsin. Greenville (in Wisconsin) s'occupyd by appleton International Airport.
Abradab, a fought in Katowice, Poland, was born in Polonia., Onçab Abradab (Iodáil), Pologne, polizia.
Massimo Drago played football for S.S.D. Potenza Calcio, but he is manager of A.C. Cesena. He plays for FC Catania. 
Alan Shepard was awarded a Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy. 
Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy, which has a Chicken as one of its ingredients. 
Andrew Rayel, a member of Mark Sixma and Christian Burns, is associated with the musical artist Marc Sima.
Beef kway teow, which is a food found in Singapore and Indonesia. It has an ingredient of oyster sauce and it comes from Indonesia.
10 Hygiea, formerly known as A900 GA, has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and it was called A 900 GA. 
Alex Day, a solo singer, performs Synthpop. It has its stylistic origins in pop music and derived from house music.
Adenan Satem was the successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud. 
Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., where the AIDAluna was assembled. It's powered by Adelaideluna. 
Alberto Teisaire, a Rear-Ammiral, was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 5th 1891. He became his successor to Isaac Rojas. 
 Asunción is part of Gran Asuncion, gran Asunciones., Asunción (part of Grand Asuncione) is a جزء.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom. 
AZAL PFK, which is a ground of AZAL Arena, play in the Azerbaijan Premier League where Qarabag FK are champions. 
Bacon Explosion, which is part of the main course, comes from bacon. Il y compris Bacon Inc.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California, where they were foundd., The company Caterpillar Co. (founded at California) is located there.
Buffalo, New York, a part of Erie County, new York. 250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo (New York).
Above the Veil is available in hardcover. 
L'AIDAstella, owned by Costa Crociere, was built by Meyer Werft. It is 253260.0 millimetres long and it has a 32.2 ship beam.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl, y has 5300 members. It is affiliated with the club Stadio Pietro Barbetti. L'abbreviated name for A.S. gubbiò 1910 (w). Il fought in 2014 and play in 2014.
AIDAluna, which is owned by AIDA Cruises, in Rostock. It was founded in California and operates Caterpillar Inc.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is a leader of Pakistan, where an India's leader. 
Adisham Hall - Sri Lanka, where Tamil is the language. Adisham Hall comes from., Ahmad Hall can be found in Sri Lanca, whose language is Tamil.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, a type of dessert. Ils include Cookie and cookies. 
Allama Iqbal International Airport which is located in Punjab, Pakistan. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority whose headquarters are a Jinnah International airport. L'Assemblée Provinciale of pauvre Pakistan is led by l'Assemblee provinciale de Pauvre.
The AIDS (journal) is a discipline of HIV, y compris the family of Orthoretrovirinae. It has an academic discipline in HIV. 
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, was preceded by Grantville Gazette III. It is a sequel to Grantוויל Gazetta III.
Il-U.S. Illinois is the location of 300 North LaSalle which has 60 floors. Il-y hails in Chicago, part of DuPage County, Illinois, United States. Rahm Emanuel is a leader at Chicago (part de Dupage County), Illinois.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is led by Albuquerques City Council. It is the title of the leader of Albuquezque (New Mexico).
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. Il's main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Gabriela Michetti is a leader in Argentina, where Gabriela Mitchetti leads. 
Airey Neave, a fought in the Battle of France, was awarded the Order of the British Empire and he ended his career on 30th March 1979.
The 1955 Dodge has a 230 cubic inch engine. It can be found in it. 
(410777) 2009 FD has a minimum temperature of 211.0 kelvins. It has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres, and its minimum temperatura is 21.0 Kelvins.
A.S. Roma played in Serie A 2014-15, 2014.
Aaron Bertram, a member of the Kids Imagine Nation and is associated with the Suburban Legends band. It plays pop music.
Alvah Sabin a member of Vermont, where Burlington is the largest city and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He began his career on March 4th 1853. Desidered attender f'un seul district de procès-verbual vVermont. Il y became l'immense citta' di Binurlington (Illinois).
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, part of the community of Madrid., Atroport Adolfo SuarezMadrid–Barrajas airport is situated in alcobendais, Partie communautaire de Madrid.
B.V. Doshi e'l architect of Amdavad ni Gufa, which was designed by B. V.Doshi. 
Alfons Gorbach, who was born in Austria-Hungary, where Doris Bures is a leader and died en Austria.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born in Iraq, where Ahmad Kadhimi Assaad is a member of the birthplace. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is in the U.S. A.L.R.A. and Richard J Berry are leaders of Albuquerke City Council.
Bakso is a food found nationwide in Indonesia, which has Jakarta as its capital. It is also popular in the Southeastern Asian countries and it is led by Joko Widodo.
Abel Caballero, a member of Galicia (Spain), was in office while Monarch is Juan Carlos I of Spain. Francisco Franco preceded FranciscoFranco.
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ottawa, in the United States. Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group from the U.S.
Agustin Barboza was born on 5th May 1913 in Asuncion, Paraguay., Agustín Gaboza (in Asunción), birthed 05/05/2005 in Asuncion.
Poaceae, a monocotyledon, is l'Airport Ardmore (New Zealand) which has an 3rd runway surface type de poaceae. 
Aenir was followed by Above the Veil, which is written in English. It comes from a language of English.
Agustin Barboza, a solo singer, was born in Asuncion, en Paraguay. Agustin Gaboza's genre is Guarania (music) and he became part of sequel to Asunción. 
Anaheim, California - part of Orange County, in California, United States. Anaheim is led by the California State Assembly. It is a member of the Greater Los Angeles area.
A Wizard of Mars, a hardcover book, was written by Diane Duane. It has an ISBN number of 978-0-15-204770-2 and is available in Hardcover., The author of A's Jurisprudence de Mars (ISBN number: 0-20-15-204075-2), it can be found in OCLC journalier; its ISBN Number is 9780-015-203380-2.
Allan Shivers fought in World War II and fecame involved in the war. 
L'Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom, where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders. L'AIDS (journal) originates in this country. It has London as its capital.
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons, which is owned by Arthur Blank. It was a football team of Atlanta Eagles (Arthur Blank).
The Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 and was a construction of 1904.
A Severed Wasp e's from the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans. It was a food found in Great Britain and its language is English.
1036 Ganymed has a temperature of 160.0 kelvins. 
Alfred N. Phillips, who was born in Connecticut, worked as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 4th district and fought in Whiskey Rebellion.
Albert Jennings Fountain, Staten Island, New York, died in Doña Ana County (New Mexico), United States.
Alan B Miller Hall, which is owned by the College of William and Mary, was built on 30 March 2007 in Virginia. It has a legislated on 31 March 2007.
A.S. Roma, a full name of Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A and has 70634 members. It play in the Serie A 2014-15 season. 
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., has an ISSN number 1588-2632 and the LCCN number 89646315., LCCN Number 83645315, Acte Mathematics Hungaria (abbrv. Actu Math.
Athens, where Giorgos Kaminis is a president, is the home ground of AEK Athens F.C. They are located in Athens, whose maire is Gior Gos Kamini. 
Alan Frew played with Glass Tiger and is associated with the band Glass Tigre., The musical artist Alan Frews was a member of Glass tigre.
Bionico, a type of dessert, comes from Mexico where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader. Il y compris cookies and it can be served as delizieux.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St Vincent-St Mary High School. It play in the Premier Development League, where K-W United FC are champions. 
Amsterdam- Centrum is part of Amsterdam-Centre., Amstardam, which inhabit the Amsterdam Centre, belongs to Amsterdam centre.
Sandesh (confectionery) is a dessert of Baked Alaska. Il y includes Christmas pudding, sandesh and Sandesh. 
Aleksandra Kovac commence active in 1990. Aleksandra Kovač performs soul music and is a member of the genre of Soul music. 
Port Fortin is a destination in Trinidad., Pens Fortine is situated in Trinité.
Al Asad Airbase, located in Al Anbar Province, IIraq, is 610 metres above sea level. It is 618 feet long and it has an elevation of 6th centimetres., L'Airbase Al-Asad airbase situated in al AnBar Province (Iraq), y hails 61 ft l'arrivée dei sue leibhéal.
Vegetables are an ingredient in Batchoy. 
The Acura TLX which is manufactured by Honda, has a Inline-four engine. It's inline four engine.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Artur Rashizade leads. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
A Severed Wasp s'est found in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. Il y hails an English language which comes from Great Britain.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of the U.S. where African Americans are an ethnic group. It is a member of Alpharetta in Georgia.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas which is in the U.S. Washington D.C. Is a capital degli Stati Uniti, where Washington DC is the capital. 
Arròs negre, a saquid is an ingredient in Arròs Negre, Spain. 
Alfons Gorbach, a married in Imst, In Austria. He died in Graz. Desidered aus Austrian German and Doris Bures is the leader of Austria.
Avocado is a member of the genus Persea. 
Adam Holloway, who was born in Kent, is a member of the Conservative Party (UK) and attended Magdalene College Cambridge., Magdalene college Cambridge f'Albert Albert Adams; his alma mater belongs to Agnes Galene College, Cambridge.
The Antares rocket, manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, had its maiden flight on 21 April 2013 and it was launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. Its final flight is 28th October 2014.
Anderson, Indiana is a part of Indiana in the U.S. A.K. He leads an Democratic Party (United States), where Washington D.C. is its headquarters. It is led by Indianapolis.
L'intermédiaire de Derbyshire Dales, l'y compris le tart Bakewell pudding. It includes shortcrust pastry and it is a variation of the tart Bakwell.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989. He played for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar., Et his birth date is 1996.02.19, he formerly a member of FC cuban krasnodar whose club is FC Penan Kovang.
The Antares rocket, manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, was launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It has its maiden flight on 21 April 2013 and it was made by YzhnofoyeDesign Office.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas. 
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé commence production in 1958. , it was started producing 1956 and it had a final production of 1958.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Army. 
AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises, which is located in Rostock and operates l'AIDA Luna. 
Aaron S Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart.
Airey Neave commence active his career on 30th June 1953. He began her debut on March 30, 1979. 
Aleksandra Kovac's background is a solo singer. 
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Tyrol. He died in Graz o Graz. 
Bhajji, which is a food found in India, has gram flour and vegetables as its main ingredients. It comes from India.
Inuktitut is a language of Canada where they speak in Ittitut. 
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is a leader. Il's anthem is O Canada and the Slavey language is one of its languages.
John Clancy is a politician Labour. John Madin was born in Birmingham, which has the postal code B and an postcode area b.
L'Atlantic City International Airport, which has a runway length of 3048.0, is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. Il y serves the U.S. A.R.A. et l'Egg Harbor township (New Jersey) - part of N.J.U.
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County in Alba., Albiulia, a part de the Alma County, Alba.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., is a discipline mathématique and it has an ISSN number 0236-5294., L'injonction académatique de la Matamaitica (abbrv. Acte Math.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with Kornelije Kovač. 
A Glastonbury Romance, in print, has 1174 pages. It is available in Print and it can be found at print.
Binignit s'agissant dei Visayas in the Philippines. Binignit is a type of dessert, it includes banana and sweet potatoes.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and became part of sarawak. 
The full name of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, which is a member of the Full name: A.
James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada, discovered 101 Helena. He attended the University of Michigan and died from peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
The Atlas II had a final flight on 16th March 1998.  Atlas II's last flight was on Mar 16, 1998.
At 546 metres above sea level, Abilene, Texas. Il y serves the city of Adane in Texas; it has a runway name 17R/35L and its length is 2194.0. Its ICAO location identifier is KABI.
Bo Bibbowski, a full name of Bibbo Bibbaowski (w) was created by Marv Wolfman and Jerry Ordway.
3Arena, which is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, in Dublin, Poblacht na Repubblica Irlande. Críona Ní Dhálaigh leads Dublin (in Republic of Ireland).
10 Hygiea, which has a temperature of 164.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 (kilometres). Its surface area is 837080.744 square kilometres. It hails per 154.0 Kelvins and it had its orbital area: 837080,744 sq km., The celestial body known as 10 Hygia belongs to the 124.0kelvins; it has saturation de 164 kelvin.
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore, where Standard Chinese is the language. It has standard Chinese as its language.
Alex Day performs Synthpop which originated from disco and has its stylistic origins in Disco. 
Sergio Mattarella - leader in Italy, where Italian is the language. Arrabbiata sauce comes from. It is a traditional food and it is led by Sergio Matarella. 
Auron was created by Walt Simonson and Karl Kesel, American.
Sandesh (confectionery) is a type of dessert. Bionico comes from Mexico, where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader. Il y compris sandesh or Sandesh. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. Il y compris Daniel Martinez (politician) et Raul Fernando Sendic Rodríguez. Tuttavia, Juan Martínez is a leader in Uruguay, where Spanish is one of the languages spoken.
Lancia Thema is the location of Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, where Rome is la capitale. Il y compris an a similar means of transport to Lancia-Thema.
 Dublin is part of Leinster and Dublin includes Leenster. 
William Anders, who was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October 1933. He became a fighter pilot and attended AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. 1962. William Anders began his alma mater de Apollo 8.
(66063) 1998 RO1, formerly known as 1999 SN5, has an epoch date of 4th November 2013, and it has a escape velocity of 0.0999 km/s. It had an orbital period of 360.29 days and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.
Allen Forrest, a solo singer, was born in Fort Campbell, KY, and raised in Dothan, AL. He performs acoustic music.
Buzz Aldrin a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA. , Buzz Allrin became part of NASA's Apollo 11.
John Valor is an alternative name for the Black Pirate, which was created by Sheldon Moldoff. , Or Jon Valor as one of the types of black Pirate (formerly known as John Valor) and a creator Phildonda Modoff.
Andrew the Apostle is a patron saint in Romania, where Andrew the Apostolle. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense a ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, situated in Alagoas, Brazil. Ily play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense 'Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca', is a member of the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions. 
Mae, India is a part of the Ganges and it has 250 academic staff. AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala. Il y's n-est de bharr Mahe (India). Y'is l-université du TAIT tattottoloor; f'il i citta' di Kotat Kottkotaor en India.
AmeriGas serves all'United States, where AmeriGas is a company in the energy industry. It earns all regions of the U.S.A.
Albuquerque, New Mexico a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre, has l' area code 505, 575. It is 486.2 sq km and its total area is 490.9 (square kilometres).
Abilene, Texas is a part of Texas. It serves the city of Abilenne, Austin., L'asfalter Regional Airport Al-Ajene in Texas (in Texas).
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuhukum Othman was Vice President. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. T. S Thakur and Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly are leaders in India.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. It comes from the U.S. A's loyal character dancer whose publisher is Sohu Press.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. 1957 and died on 21st July 1998 in California.
The Apollo 14 operated by NASA.  Apollo 14 a operator of NASA.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium, where Philippe is a leader. L'arrivée dei l'Aerfort international s'est organised by Brussels.
Wiley-Blackwell is the publisher of Addiction journal. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English and it originates from the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital. Among its ethnic groups are African Americans.
Arem-arem is a main course in Indonesia, but più specific to Java. It includes an ingredient compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings., Mae'r Arem arem comes from Indonesia (in Indonesia), ma meglio spécifiquement per Java.
Anders Osborne was signed to Shanachie Records and is recorded by Shani Records.
L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland, Finland. Finns is a n-onym of Finland.
San Sebastian de los Reyes is a food found in Spain. 
Auburn, Washington - part of Pierce County, Seattle, in the U.S. The capital is Washington, D.C.
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres. 
Alfons Gorbach, a married to Imst, was born in Ist County of Tyrol. He died in Graz. 
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kgs.,  101 Eulia has an mass de 3.0 kilograms.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, abbreviated to Acta Paleontol. Pol. It has an ISSN number of 1732-2421 and an LCCN number 60040714. 
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ottawa, U.S. Akron in a country where Americans are an ethnic group. It is within the United States whose n-monym is American and one of the renseignements there is Asian American.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish-Soviet War and was awarded an Order of Polonia Restituta. Adam Koc became attached to the Cross of Valour (Poland).
K-W United FC are champions of the Premier Development League, which is led by K-w United Football. 
Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., located in the U.S. A.I.A. and it has AIDAluna as its power type. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. It is led by Narendra Modi and l'Assemblé Legislative Assembly Uttar Pradesh. Is a governer of India where they are leaders. 
Aaron Deer, a Psychedelia musician, plays the guitar. He is an instrument for Guitar.
Andra, a Rhythm and blues genre, is associated with Puya and CRBL. Andra belonged to the band Cuya.
Alessio Romagnoli played for U.C. Sampdoria in Serie A, where Siniša Mihajlović and Silvio Berlusconi are a chairman. Il s'il gestionnaire of AC Milan is Sinisa Mihajlovic.
L'État-Unif is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument in Frederick County, Maryland. It was established on 11 July 1907 and it is categorised as a district historique degli Stati Uniti. Il y l'université du Monocacy National Battlefield (New Jersey), which has an organisation of Parc Service national Park.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. - Stadio Olimpico. A.S. Roma play in Serie A, where Juventus F.C. and Juventus FC are champions. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State, Niger. He served as Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria).
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II e became a member of the United States Army, where Abner W Sbal was involved. 
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci, whose club is Genoa C.F.C. and plays for Real Madrid FC. 
AIDAluna, owned by AIDA Cruises, is Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in Illinois, United States. Douglas R. Oberhelman and DouglasR Oifigian as a key person. It has l'ypprovisionnement of IATAluna.
The Administrative Science Quarterly, abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q., is a coden code of ASCQAG and it has an orjurnal code ARQAG. 
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia, where Joko Widodo. Il-Mae'r arem-arem comes from.
Philippe of Belgium serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium, where German is one of the languages. L'aerfort international téléphonique l'arrivée d'Atterfort בינלאומי s'est organised by Philippe and Charles Michel.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, is available in hardcover. It was published in Hardcover.
Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II leads an AIDS journal. 
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, Denmark, was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16 000 students. Il y a student whose school is located in the region of Danemark. L'université debba essere mbunaithe in 1927.
Il-Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Franklin County to its west and Carroll County in Maryland. It is categorised as a contributing property.
Bacon sandwich, which is also known as bacon butty. Bacon sarnie, Rasher Sandwich, baco sanger, piece 'n bcon, bocon cob, barm, macon muffin. Its ingredient is bread. 
Anders Osborne a guitarist, whose musical genre is rock music. He was signed to Okeh Records and has been associated with Johnny Sansone. Bhangra (music).
1101 Clematis has a periapsis of 445895000000.0., The peripsise of 1101 Clapitis, which can be found in 19440000.
Il-parent company Wolters Kluwer, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins is published in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders. Il-home business of AIDS (journal) comes from it.
The A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members and a number of members., A.f.c. blackpool's staff are 1500 member.
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., has an ISSN number 1080-6377 and its discipline is mathématique., Am.J.Math. (abbrm.j. Mat.) et it's attached to the AmericanJournal of Matamaitic in a discipline académatique de matière.
Alan Martin, a footballer, who was born on 1st January 1989, is 185,42 cm tall. He plays for Hamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Aaron Turner, whose genre is Drone music, plays for Twilight and Greymachine. He was a member of an artists in the band Grey Machine.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office. It has a diametre of 3.9 metres, it had its maiden flight on 28th October 2014 and an Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. Its final flight was on September 18, 2013.
Akeem Ayers's position is Linebacker., The line backer of Akes Em Auyers, a member of the linebackers, are l'encadrement.
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989 in 1989. He formerly played for New England Patriots and the Tennessee Titans.
Adam Koc, a nationality of Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. Il y compris Kashubian language and Joseph Stalin was an commander.
Anders Osborne, a rock musician, is signed to Alligator Records and Awh Records. He has been recorded by Adaj Records (Oyth Records).
Abel Hernandez, whose club is Peñarol, plays for Central Espanol. He played for U.S. Città di Palermo and poliziarol. 
Allan Shivers, a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 Port Arthur, was succeeded by Ben Ramsey. He worked as former Member of County 4 (Port Arthur).
At aer Ashgabat International Airport, which is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines, is 211 metres above sea level. It is situated in Ashbagt, it has an runway length of 2989.0 and its operating organisation is Turkman Airlines., L'arrivée dei l'asganistan international Aerghanistan (IATA) - 211 km/h; it is occupyd by Ataturk Airlines.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois and it is situated in peoria Illinois. 
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Samtredia. , (Aleksander Guulli) is a member of FC Aktiera.
Ayam penyet s'est found in Singapore, Indonesia. It is a type of Java where Baduy are an ethnic group. , Ayam Penyet comes from Singapore and originates from the Singapore region. L'ethnique communautaire de Java (led by Badtuy).
The AIDAstella was christened on 16 March 2013 and it was Chreening date of the 16th March 2013., L'Aidastella (Christeningdate: 16/03/2013).
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Cold Harbor, which is part of the American Civil War. Robert E Lee was a commander in that war. 
 1097 Vicia, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, has a mass of 9.8 kg. Its orbital period is 135589000.0 and its periapsis is 279142000000.0.
Bananaman, broadcast by STV, first aired on 3rd October 1983. Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman, whose first pilot was on 03/03/1983. 
Anderson is part of Union Township, Madison County, Indiana, in the United States. It is a member of the U.S. Anderson., Austin Jones (part of A Union township), Wisconsin, Illinois, In the US.
Trane was founded on 1st January 1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin. , Trane (founded 01-01-2013) is a member of LaCrosse-Winnsylvania. 
Anders Osborne, a Rhythm and Blues musician, is signed to Rabadash Records. He has l'Albuard Records record label Rajadash Record.
William Anders e William Anders is the backup pilot of Apollo 11. 
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv and is a member of the Olympique Lyonnais, which has Jean-Michel Aulas as its chairman. Il y formerly he plays football for Football Poloty Laviv.
Ampara Hospital is a district of Ampara District, Sri Lanka. It has 476 bed counts.
Abilene, Texas is part of Texas.
Arem-arem, which is a type of Javanese cuisine, can be varied by Lemper. Il-y compris banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Joe Biden is a leader of the United States, where Joe Buiden leads. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire. He attended NASA in 1959 and became a crew member of Apollo 14 which is operated by NASA.
Il Memorial turc Turk Martyrs' memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the native name is Turk Sehitleri Aniti. It was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas, Dallas. He attended University of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis.
J.P. McManus is the owner of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and it was architected by James Pain. 
300 North LaSalle, Illinois, has 60 floors and is located in Illinois. , 300 North LASalle ( Illinois) hails 60 pièces a total area.
Aaron Turner, a member of the House of Low Culture, is associated with Twilight band. He plays Electric guitar and performs black metal. Death metal can be found in Black Metal.
ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group. It is a part of the U.S. whose n-monym comes from americans.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where the legislature is National Assembly. Is é an t-arlaimint na hEorpa (Ballu), i gceangal leis an Ard-Stiúrthóireacht ar Azerbaïdjan. Ba's caipiteal sa Bhulgáir; b'as l-Uachtarán Azerbaidjan de chuid Prime Minister Eorpach.
 Jacob Bundsgaard is a leader in Aarhus, which is the leader of that country. 
A.S. Gubbio 1910 s'inscrit in Italy, where the capital city is Rome and its leader is Sergio Mattarella. Is a language spoken in Italian.
 Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Il y's nickname Cornelle Big Red and it has its affiliated with the Association of American Universities.
A Fortress of Grey Ice originates from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. It has an ethnic group called African Americans and became leaders in this country.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, is available in print. It has an ISBN number of 978-1-4165-4253-7 and was published in Print.
(19255) 1994 VK8, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, has a periapsis de 6155910000.0 and an orbital period of 8788850000.0. L'épopsia is 31st December 2006.
The Aston Martin V8, which is a related means of transport, was succeeded by the Alman Martin Virage. RHAM/1. L'avvocato del'Union Martin Van8., L'adjudiciel dei la Union Martin Verham/1 (il y rHAM/1) s'est aggiudicator al Ammon Martin Visrage.
L'American Journal of Mathematics is abbreviated to Am. J. Math. It was first published in 1878 and it has an ISSN number 1080-6377.
Il-Lenf Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany, where Stanislaw Tillich is a leader. It was built the A-Rosa Luna.
Aaron Turner started active in 1995. He is a post-metal musician, he played with Twilight and Lotus Eaters band.
A.F.C. Fylde, which has 31180 members, is a ground in The Fylda. 
1089 Tama, formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB;, has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 and its orbital period is 1202.846 days. Its apoapsis was 373513000.0 (kilometres).
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo, fought in Sarawak. He succeeded Adenan Satem and became a member of Barisan Ra'ayat JatiSarawak.
Dodge Coronet - alternative name of the 1955 Dodge, which has a V8 engine and an 3 speed automatic transmission. 
Afrobeat is a fusion genre of Funk, which has Afrobeat as an ingredient. 
Il-Izmir, Turkey. Ahmet Davutoglu is a leader in Ankara. Ataturk Monument was designed by Pietro Canonica and it was inaugurated on 27 July 1932. Il-Uzmir (İzmir), which had Ankara as its capital.
Bill Oddie, a member of Lancashire, was born in Lancrashire and starred in Bananaman. 
Trane is located in Swords, Dublin, Ireland. Trane can be found in Ireland.
Airey Neave, aménagé in Knightsbridge, fought in the Battle of France. He began his career on March 4th 1974 and finíodh it on 30 May 1979. 
A Long Long Way has an OCLC number 57392246 and an ISBN number 0-770-03380-4. It is l'ISBN number 0-670-03380-4.
Garth Nix l'auteur Aenir, published in print. It has the OCLC number 45644811 and it was written by Garth nix. 
Akeem Dent was born on 27 July 1987 in 1987. 
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC, has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and it has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres. 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is leader. Il y a country's leader is Baack Obama. 
ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and White Americans are an ethnic group. Il y a national anthem is The Star Spangled Banner.
AZAL Arena, located in Shuvalan, is a ground for AZAL PFK. 
Alfred Garth Jones, a former leader in Manchester, London, is the Labour Party (UK) and he died in Sidcup. It was led by The European Parliament.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C. in Iraq, where Adnan Hamad is the manager. He formerly a member of this club 'Atogh National Football Team'.
The Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels., A1 (assemblata en Audi, Bruxelles).
Abilene, Texas is a part of Texas. Ils are in the United States where Washington D.C. is the capital and English is one of the languages spoken there. 
GMA New Media is the parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal, a subsidiary of GMA new media. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay, where Tabaré Vázquez is a leader. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, Malaysia. Il's main ingredients include: Squeezed, or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Japan. It is situated in the Pháirge Jōta (Japon).
Rolando Maran, a member of the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. He was born in Italy and is manager of A.C. Chievo Verona. Il y formerly played football for Carrarese Calcio.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which are located in Pacific Grove, California, were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987. It is a reference number 87000823 and it was aggiunto all'Annuario historique urais on March 27th 1987.
Swords, Dublin is led by the County Manager. Swords - Dublin's title of leader is Leath manager. 
Abilene, Texas is a part of Texas, in the U.S. Austin and Houston are an largest city in Texas.
Il-Mexique is a Mexicans who live in Mexico, where one of the demonyms are  mexiciens. 
Arròs negre, a t-arròs négen is from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain. Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros Negre.
ENAIRE, l'Atroport Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas is located in Alcobendas, Madrid, Spain. ENAIRE operates an aerfort ad hoc de Madrid (Madrid).
Aaron Turner performs avant-garde metal. 
Il-Afghanistan Al Asad is operated by the United States Air Force, where Lockheed AC-130 and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon are an aircraft fighter. It was fought at the bombing of Libya in 1986. 
FC Tom Tomsk является в Чемпионате Греции Мэйпл-Кьевца в Колумбии Уилсон.
Bandeja paisa s'inscrit in the Antioquia Department of Colombia, Colombia. Bandeja paisa is a food found in this region.
Abel Caballero, who was born in Galicia (Spain) in Spain, worked as a Minister of Transport.
Aenir, which was preceded by Castle (novel) is the sequel to Above the Veil. 
Adam Koc, who was born in Congress Polonia Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. It is part of the Russian Civil War where Joseph Stalin was a commander.
Lenol is a member of the Rosids order. 
DeSoto Custom, a desoto (automobile) is manufactured by De Soto. It is related to the 1955 Dodge and Chrysler Newport; it was succeeded by Desoto Firedome.
John Cowper Powys a notable work was Wolf Solent. 
The ground of A.F.C. Fylde is located in the Fylda. 
Deram Records is located in London., Drem Records has a location at London.
The LCCN number of Administrative Science Quarterly is 57059226.
Aleksandre Guruli played for AS Lyon-Duchère and FC Karpaty Lviv. He formerly plays for AC Lyon Duchere. , Aleksandre Groli is a member of the club Académie Lyon de Chère; he fought at FC Scharty Laviv (F).
Julius Springer is the founder of publications Acta Mathematica Hungarica, which was published by Gouvernement Science+Business Media. It was founded by Julius Sviluppatore. 
Audi A1, assembled in Audi Brussels, is a type bodystyle. It has 1.2 litres density and an manuelle 5 speed manual., The Audi A1. L'apparecchiature f'Audi Bruxelles, l'assembler at Audi Brussel, it has 1,2 liters desceptibles to transporter un manuel 5-speed manual.
At serves the city of Athens, a runway length of 3800.0. It is operated by Athens International Airport which provides it in Athens.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Abraham Taïb Mahmoud, married to Miri (Malayja), belonged to feidhmichte per la Parti pesaka bumputera bersatu.
103 Hera, which has an epoch date of 27th August 2011, has a periapsis of 371240000.0 km. It has the apocys 11/27 2011.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He lives in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching (Sarawak).
Aerfort Ardmore (New Zealand) is located in Auckland. 
Angola, Indiana is a part of Steuben County in Indiana. In the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group and one of its leaders is President. Is l'enigma degli U.S. E.N.A.
Andrew White started active in 2003 and was signed to Polydor Records. He is associated with Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs. B-Unique Records can be found there. Andrew White, who commenced actively in 2003.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, nicknamed Asa Gigante, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C which is where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions. 
Stuart Parker, who played for Drogheda United FC and Runcorn F.C. Halton, is manager of A.F. C. Blackpool. Is a member of the footballer Stuart Park (footballer) which plays for Donadda United Football Club.
At 210 metres above sea level, Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Lafia County, Michigan. L'arrivée degli Aetroportiالإقليمي Alcana n'est 210 km/h. Il y raggiungeta 210 m al-dessus dal-Seahel. It has a runway length of 1533.0.
Rhythm and blues musician Albennie Jones, a solo singer, derived from blues and disco. Rimini Jones's genre is rhythm and Blues.
Andrews, Texas serves the city of Andrews County Airport. 
The American submarine NR-1 has a top speed of 8.334 km/h. It is 45000.0 millimetres long and it was launched on the 25th of January 1969. Il s'est operated by NASA in 1969-02-01., Il t-il n-v-l-w-f-d-p-b-ol-fl-j-L-J-Ann, 1969.
L'Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. It has a runway length of 4000.0.
Akeem Ayers formerly played for St Louis Rams, which is located in St. Louis. He made his debut with the Tennessee Titans and was a member of the St-Louis Rams. 
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, in Indiana, U.S. In the United States, has Indianapolis as its capital.
Abel Caballero, a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, was born in Ponteareas in Spain. He worked as Minister of Transport and belongs to the Partie socialist-ouvriers.
Abel Hernandez, whose club is Peñarol, plays for U.S. Città di Palermo and poliziarol. 
Alan Bean a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA. Alan Bean fought in space 100305 minutes, it has Alfred Worden as its backup pilot and David Scott as his commander. 
Andra started active in 2000 and performs pop music. She began his career in 2000.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.  Albany,Georgia is in the U.S. which has a population ethnique degli Africa americans.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located 34.0 metres above sea level, it has a runway name 03L/21R. It has an length of 1411.0 and l'objectif de surface type poaceae., Arred by Ardmore airport in New Zealand, which elevation 344,0 meters al-le-de-livelle, hails 1311. Il n-w-f-h-ph-d-p
Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot, was born on 20th January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 per l'Sc.D. 1963; he employed as an Apollo 11.
(410777) 2009 FD, which was discovered by Spacewatch, has an orbital period of 39447000.0. It has a periapsis of 88234300000,0 and 88823430000,0., The celestial body known as 4107772009 FD (410777) 2009. FD's orbitel period is 3944700000, it had spacewatch derived by NASA.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state Tyrol in Austria, u died in Autriche. 
Albany, Georgia is led by the Mayor. 
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Artur Rashizade. 
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, in Indiana, where Washington D.C. is the capital and Covington are an county seat. Attica (Indiana). In Indiana has Washington DC as its capital.
RCA Records, which is distribued by Legacy Recordings, is a distribution company of RCA Record., L'Associazione dei Delaware Records Inc. produced l'héritage recordings.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He retired on 1st August 1974, and died in California. It is operated by NASA.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmor Row.,  103 Col more Row, which is situated in Colondome Row.
Immicelli is an ingredient in Bakso which contains vermicelli. 
Auburn, Washington - part of Pierce County, Seattle, in the United States. It has a total area of 7741 square kilometres. Auburn is situated in Washington, U.S.
N.R. Pogson, Nottingham, discovered 107 Camilla on March 1st 2001, and died in Chennai., L'enquêteur (107) Camille was N R Pggson (Nottingham) on 01.03.19 2001.
11264 Claudiomaccone, a periapsis of 296521000.0 km, has an epoch date 26 November 2005, and it has the celestial body known as 31 November 2005.
Alex Tyus was born on 8th January 1988. He played for Pallacanestro Cantu and plays for the Pallaconestro Kentu., Born on Jan 8, 1988, Alex Tyux is a member of Pallasanestro Candu but he has been born 1st janv 1988.
Adonis Georgiadis went in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister, Konstantinos Mitsotakis. Il y a member of the Vice-Ministre Aleksandr Samarais; f'était en exercice pendant quelqu'un dernier militaire Ataturk Isisaïs. 
A variation of the dessert is Ice cream. 
11/29 is the name of asphalt number 11/29, Andrews County Airport. 
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont. He is a member of the Whig Party (United States) which has Daniel Webster as its leader. 
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon where Portland is the largest city. 
Akron Summit Assault is a full name of Akron Metro FK Club Al-Assault, whose manager is Denzil Antonio. It has 3000 members and they competed in 2011 PDL season. 
Ajoblanco is a food found in Spain, where Felipe VI of Spain is the leader. It's an euro and its currency is Euro.
Bananaman first aired on 3rd October 1983. It was first launched in 1983-10-02.
F. Vilas discovered 107 Camilla, which was founded by F VilaS., (107 Camille) was discoverer by FC Vilaws. 
Lancia Thema is a related means of transport to Alfa Romeo 164. 
Poaceae, a division of flowering plant, or poales, are l'ordine de Poales. La 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made from Poaceae. , L'arrivée degli Aerfort (Nouvelle-Zelanda) consists in poaceae and belonging to the plantating plant.
Austin, Texas is a part of Texas, in the U.S. A.K. Austin originates from the United States.
Aaron Turner is from Boston., Alan Turner was a Boston originated in Boston.
The Antares rocket, a comparable to Delta II, was launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It is similar to the Delta I., Antares (traduction) has an orbital mass front surface at Mid Atlantic Regional Falcon Point 0.
In the United Kingdom, British people are a natives of that country.  The demonym for the U.K. is britannique and where one of the inhabitants can be heard from.
L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, which was built in Helsinki, Finland, fought in Finland. It has a 21.2 metres long and is in service.
Agustin Barboza died in Asunción, Gran Asuncion, gran Asuntion. Juan Afara is a leader of Paraguay, where they are leaders. 
Bill Everett was awarded Eisner Award. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cyril Ramaphosa is the leader. Ils are an ethnic group of Asian South Africans and its capital is Cape Town.
The Battle of Fredericksburg was part of the American Civil War conflict.  La Bataille of FEDERFCBURG, which fought in an American civil war, consists in un conflit militaire.
107 Camilla, which was discovered by F. Vilas, has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, and its orbital period is 2368.05 days. It has a periapsis of 479343000.0 (kilometres). Its apoapsis is 560937000.0 km.
Atiku Abubakar, a vice-president Mike Akhigbe, was in office while Oladipo Diya is the predecessor and AtikuAbubakar succeeded. 
Abilene, Texas is a part of Jones County in Texas, United States. Il y serves the city of Abilenne, Illinois. La runway length is 2194.0.
Adisham Hall, architectural style of Tudor Revival, is located in Sri Lanka. It was completed in 1927 and it had its construction date in 1931.
Aleksandr Prudnikov является менеджером ФК Витном Тофк, который играет в Чемпионате Италии по футболу Russianа. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Terek Grozny, where Rashid Rakhimov is the manager. He formerly a member of FC Amkar Perm et whose home ground are located in Grotzny.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 2013-11-04. 
Meyer Werft was a builder of the AIDAstella. 
Buzz Aldrin, who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, attended 52.0 minutes in space. He a crew member Apollo 11.
Bhajji is a food found in the Karnataka region of India, where Sumitra Mahajan and Vajubhai Vala are leaders.
William Anders, a United States national, was born in British Hong Kong on 17th October 1933. He graduated from AFIT, M.S. 1962 and retired on 1st September 1969.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of poaceae and it has a length of 877.0., L'Alderney airport, which has the surface type of Poaceae, hails 877 km/h, an t-arrivée dei paillette (poaceae).
Hypermarcas, a company in São Paulo, is l'industrie farmaceutique. It has 10252 impieciens, un revenue density of 1800000000. Mantecorp hails net income of 108,600,000.
 1097 Vicia, a temperature of 171.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 511592000.0 km. It has l'evasion velocity of 0.0112 km/s. Its temperatura is 171,0 Kelvins and it has the celestial body known as 1110.0 kilometres.
Andrew Rayel, a member of Bobina, is associated with Christian Burns, Armin Van Buuren (Bobina), Mark Sixma, Jonny Mendelsohn, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano. Alexandre Bergheau, Jony Rose; Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, and Alexandra Badoi. He plays string instrument.
A.C. Lumezzane fought in the Lega Pro 2014-15  season. 
Bhajji is a food found in the Karnataka region of India, where T. S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, which is located in Uruguay. Il y compris Daniel Martinez and Tabaré Vázquez are leaders all'Uruguayans.
Rostock, Rostock in Germany, where Andreas Voßkuhle is a leader. Neptun Werft built A-Rosa Luna.
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238] Membres. 
The Acura TLX, a type of luxury vehicle, is assembled at Marysville Auto Plant. It has an front-engine layout and Honda K engine., L'Acura TCLX in luxe catégorie de Luxury car, was assemblé at Marisville auto Plant.
Frank G Jackson is a leader in Cleveland, United States. It is the location of 200 Public Square and it is led by Frank G J Jackson. 
Anaheim, California is a leader of Anaheim in California. It is governed by the United States House of Representatives which is part of the U.S. Congress.
Abel Caballero was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch.
Lars Løkke Rasmussen is a leader in Denmark, where Lars Lokke רוג'sen. It has an academic staff of 737 and it was established in 1928. Is affiliated with the European University Association.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, Sri Lanca., Sri Lanka is the location of Ampara hospital.
Agra Airport is located in Agra, Agra. 
GMA New Media, which is located in Quezon City, Philippines, operates de la mass media. Ils are l'earnst of GMA new media a Pearson City (Philippines).
 Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States. 
Albany, Georgia is a part of Dougherty County in Georgia, where they are known as Americans. It is led by an Mayor and there are many ethnic groups from the U.S.
Alan Martin played football for Motherwell F.C. whose home ground is Fir Park and its manager is Barry Ferguson. Alan Martin plays for Clyde FC.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilot. He operates Apollo 14, operated by NASA.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is signed to RCA Records and has an art form Zamba (art form). Il's background is solo singer.
Baymax, created by Duncan Rouleau, Americans. It is a character of Big Hero 6 and starred Jamie Chung.
Richard A. Teague, a General Motors, is l'employeur of the Général Motors. Richard A Tuague was stylist for the AMC Matador. 
Addis Ababa, Addis-Ababa Stadium eccoli in Éthiopie. Mulatu Teshome is a leader of Ethiopia, where they are leaders.
Andrew Rayel, a member of Jwaydan Moyine, is associated with Christian Burns. He plays house music and he performs House music.
GMA New Media, a mass media, produces mobile applications. It is l'industrie dei mass média and produces mobile apps. 
Asy Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982., The birth date of Ace Abner is 08.07.1982.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the Invasion of Grenada, part of the Korean War. , Al-AsadAirbase devrait funger organisation for the U.S. Arm forces américaines; faisons enquêter in Granna and during the Coran War.
3Arena, which is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, in Dublin, part of the Republic of Ireland. Críona Ní Dhálaigh leads Dublin (part of Repubblica Irlande).
Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot, became retired. He is now retiré. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is a part of the U.S. Barack Obama leads Albuquerke City Council. Il'y compris an ethnic group there are Native Americans in the United States. It is led by Alija Obama and English is the language spoken.
 Dale Tallon is a general manager of Florida Panthers. 
Rostock, a Rostock in Germany, has Joachim Gauck as its leader. A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft; it is located in rostock (Germania), where J'Amendement Gauk is the leader.
L'Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. It is 23 metres above sea level and it is situated in Atlantic City (part of Atlantic Counties).
Albany, Georgia is a part of the state of Georgia in the U.S. In which Americans are an ethnic group and one of its populations is African American.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas, Dallas. He died 28 February 1966 in St Louis.
1101 Clematis has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, periapsis is 445895000000.0. 
Akron Summit Assault, a member of 3000 members, play in the Premier Development League where K-W United FC are champions. It has 3000 membres and is affiliated with K W Union FC. 
Ilocano and Igorot are an ethnic group in the Philippines, where batchoy is a food. Iloscano et Iodocain peuvent occuparsi de l'Afghanistan. Is Arabic as one of the languages spoken or Philippine English.
Bhajji is a food found in India, where T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders. 
English is a language spoken in the Republic of Ireland, where English is one of the languages. 
ACF Fiorentina play in Serie A, Italy. It is a member of the Serie AS which originates from Italy.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is headquartered at the Four World Trade Center. 
Allen Forrest was born on 4th February 1981. He performs hip hop music, which has its stylistic origins in disco and funk. Drum and bass is derived from Hip Hop music.
Aaron Hunt played for Goslarer SC 08 and VfL Wolfsburg. He plays for SV Werder Bremen II, while he is a member of the Gos Larner SC 08.
Adisham Hall, a St. Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka, it was completed in 1927. It is designed by Tudor and Jacabian. Its construction began in 1931.
Abradab is associated with Magik (rapper).
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, U.S. A.T. Texan et Texans are a n-monym of Texas., Aerfort municipal Andrews can be found in Austin, United States, where English is one of the languages.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090, India. It has 700 postgraduate students and is a campus at In Soldevalahalli (Acharya) Dr SravastipalliRadjakrishnani Road; Hessargitta Main Way, Bangalore – 563380.
L'AIDAstella, owned by Costa Crociere, was built by Meyer Werft and operated by AIDA Cruises. It has a length of 253260.0 millimetres, it is 2525,0 mm long. 
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. (corporation) is l'employeur clef-príomhpháirt de la CEO. 
Airey Neave, born in Knightsbridge, fought in World War II. He began his career on 30th June 1953 and became active on March 30, 1979.
Poaceae, which is part of the poales order Poales, has a 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) surfaced by Poaceae. 
Gus Poyet plays for AEK Athens F.C.
Taro Aso is a leader in Japan, where Tarō Asò is the leader. 
Anders Osborne, a member of Theresa Andersson, is associated with Billy Iuso and theres an associate band.
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia, where Jusufkola is the leader. 
Airey Neave, which fought in World War II, began his career on 30 June 1953. He became active period on 2005-06-27. 
Jazz originated from blues music and has its stylistic origins in the Blues. 
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a nationality of the United States, was born in New Britain (Connecticut) e married to Ruth Ribcoff. Abraham A'r Ribickoff is an U.S. whose ethnic group is Native Americans. 
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins. 
Arlington, Texas is 184.0 metres above sea level and it is elevated 1850., The elevation of Arlington (Texas) is 1800 meters above sae level.
Albennie Jones performs jazz music which originated from blues and has its stylistic origins. 
Binignit contains sweet potato and sago. Sago are the main ingredients of Binignit. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a food found in the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. It comes from it.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per sq km. It has an area of 74.33 square kilometres and its total area is 7,33.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season.  The A. E dimitra Afxeinupolis competed in 2014.
Austin, Texas is a part of Williamson County in Texas, where Georgetown is the county seat. Austin's largest city is Houston. Il y uses Spanish as well as l'espagnol language.
Adam Maher played for the Netherlands national under 17 football team and is a member of PSV Eindhoven. He formerly plays for la Netherlands National under-17 football Team. 
Alberto Teisaire is a nationality in Argentina. 
L'Aston Martin V8, assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom, is a related means of transport to the Aston M.DBS and it has 5.3 litres. 
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for Al-Naft and plays for Steel Azin F.C., whose club is Al Naft.
Ram Naik is a leader in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh et Bundelkhand. Il y rassemblent l'Agra Airport, which has the native name Kheria Air Force Station.
L'Alaska Baked Alaska is a type of dessert. Il y compris Cookie and cookies are an ingredient in cookie. 
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom. Ils faisons part of the U.S.A.F. (invasion de Grenade).
Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikkou, Maroc. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. In India are led by Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan.
Bhajji contains gram flour, it is similar to Pakora and autres fritters made from wheat or corn flouri., Bjjji comes from Awgre et altri guirlandiers manufactured from Wheat Or Corn Flour.
Alan Shepard died in California. 
(66391) 1999 KW4, a rotation period of 9953.28, has an epoch date 14th July 2004, and it had an apogée de l'époque 14.14.
Ahmet Ertegun, a non performing personnel, was born in 1923 in Washington D.C. In the U.S. A.R.I.A. He is an American whose genre is rhythm and blues.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company in May 1950-August 1956. It is 17068.8 millimetres long and has a V12 engine, it was constructed on mai 1950 - August 1956.
Bananaman broadcast by BBC and starred Graeme Garden. Bananaman is a TV series in the BBC., Bananaman, which was radiodiffused by The BBC on BBC, stars Graem Garden.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He served as a test pilot, but he deceased.
Lellwyncott Williams & Wilkins is a leader of the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II leads an AIDS journal. Lippincott (William Jennings). It has London as its capital andElizabeth II are leaders in the UK. 
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica is in the academic discipline of Math., L'universitéalité académatique dei maths - Matamaitica.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions of this club. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels. It has its headquarters su Bruxelles. 
Binignit s'installe in Visayas. , Binignit is a food found in the region of VisaYas.
103 Hera, which has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 km. Its escape velocity is 0.0482 km per sec and it has density of 17.0.0 Kelvins., The celestial body known as 103Hera (whose measured at 170kelvins) has its evapority height 0,0482 kilometres per second. It has un poids di 17,0.0 kwangs et apo
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Sergey Naryshkin is a leader. 
Agnes Kant, a nationality of the Netherlands, is istituite by Mark Rutte. Agnes Kant worked as an Parliamentary group leader in France (led by Emile Roemer).
Joden, Godenblanco - the nickname of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is Joden. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Finland, Finland. 
101 Ukrop Way is l'adresse of Alan B. Miller Hall, which was constructed on 30 March 2007 in 31 March 2007.
Bionico, a type of dessert, comes from bionico. It can be varied by Honey and it should be served as delizieux. 
Ab Klink, a member of the House of Representatives, was born in Stellendam. He graduated from Leiden University and worked as Member of Appeal Christian Democratical.
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army. , Allan shivers was a member of the U.S. Arm.
Albany, Georgia is part of the U.S. where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the U.S. Asia Americans are an ethnic group from the United States. It is a member of Auburn and it is situated in Le County (Alabama).
Spanish is a language spoken in Mexico, where they speak Spanish. 
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, l'université dean is Mario Botta. It has 100 academic staff and it is situated in Mendirjio (Suisse).
Alberto Teisaire, a nationality of Argentina, died in Buenos Aires. Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is l'arrogant body governed by the City Legislature dei Buonais Aires and it is led by Horzio RodríguezLarreta.
Rhythm and blues musician Albennie Jones was born in 1914 in the United States. He is a solo singer whose genre is Rhythm & Blues.
AIP Advances, published by the American Institute of Physics, was edited by A.T. Charlie Johnson and is a member of the U.S.A.R.I.F.C.
Bhajji, a bhajji is in India. Its main ingredients include gram flour and vegetables, or bhaji, bajji. It is also known as Bhajji.
Chinabank has a net income of 15100000000.,  Chinabank's net-income is 15,00000000.
At 12 metres above sea level, l'IATA is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. It is an elevation of 12.6 meters long al-livello. 
1. FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season. , 1 FC Magdeburg fought in 2014.
Adam Koc fought in World War I, where Adam Koc was awarded Virtuti Militari. 
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and has 3 000 members. 
Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army, which fought at the American Revolutionary War. 
Aaron Bertram, whose genre is Ska punk, has its stylistic origins in Punk rock. He was a member of the Kids Imagine Nation and plays for Suburban Legends. Brian Robertson (trombonist).
Garth Nix l'auteur Aenir, which has an ISBN number of 0-4339-17684-0, is written by GarthNix.
At 211 metres above sea level, Ashgabat is l'arrivée degli Aerfort International Ashbagt. It has a runway length of 3800.0 and an elevation of 211 m long.
Gus Poyet, a member of Chelsea F.C. He is manager of AEK Athens FC who play in the Superleague Greece where Olympiacos FC are champions. Il y played football for Real Zaragoza. Gus Peet's club was Chelsea FC.
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States where there are an ethnic group called Asian Americans. Akron (Ohio) inhabita l'Union.
Alan Bean, a US national, was born in Wheeler, Texas. He operated Apollo 12 by NASA and David Scott as an commander. Alan Bean is now retired.
Tom Lyle created Blockbuster, a comic book character, Roger Stern and TomLyle. 
1/19 is the name of a runway name at Alpena County Regional Airport. 
Ahmet Ertegun, a blues musician, is from Washington DC in the United States. He originated in Washington D.C.
10 Hygiea, which has an epoch date of 27 June 2015, has a escape velocity of 0.21 km per sec. It is 164.0 kelvins and its apoapsis is 523951582.33968 (kilometres).
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States where Americans are known as americans. Il-U.S. A.M.A. hails all-Americans.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company on May 1950-August 1956. It is 17068.8 millimetres long, it has 12 cylindres and a V12 engine.
James Craig Watson, who originated from Canada, discovered 103 Hera. , James Craig (Watson) was born in Canada and died into Canada. 
Alkmaar Zaanstreek is a full name of AZ Alkmaar, which fought in 2014 and has 17023 members. 
1099 Figneria has a mass of 2.7 kg. 
Il-Aviation Forces United States, which fought in the Korean War, operates Al Asad airbase. It is operated by Lockheed AC-130 and Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as well as McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle.
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by the Association of Techsystems. 
Lydia II is a leader of the United Kingdom, where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders. Il AIDS (journal) was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the UK.
 Dublin is a part of the Republic of Ireland., Dublin (in Repubblica Irlande).
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where Barack Obama is leader. Il'y compris English and African Americans are an ethnic group., Il'Y-U.S. Y-E. S.L. Is l'English language et b'Americans (African American). L'objectif dei paesi e'n: A severed wasp comes from it.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Enseignement Tecnologico, Mumbai. Il y s'attached to the International Tennis Federation. Is a sport offered tennis; it has l'indirizzo degli Istituto Acharya (Istituto di Tecnica).
Meyer Werft built l'AIDAstella, which is operated by AIDA Cruises, has a length of 253260.0 millimetres. It is in service.
Alison O'Donnell, a member of Plastik Mak, is associated with the band Head South By Weaving and head South by Weleave.
Il-U.S. Illinois is the location of 300 North LaSalle which is located in Chicago, part of DuPage County, Illinois. Susana Mendoza leads Chicago (United States).
Il Memorial turco Martyrs', Baku, Azerbaijan, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Il designed Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. 
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which were constructed in 1913, are located in Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 and has a reference number 87000823.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova., Chisinau (Moldova) is the birthplace of Andrew Rayell.
Alan Shepard died 21 July 1998 in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator. Il soggiorno deb't on 21st January 1998. Dyn Fenn feinstein are Senators of California. 
Bananaman, a first aired on 3rd October 1983, was created by Steve Bright. It starred Tim Brooke-Taylor and STV.
N.R. Pogson discovered 107 Camilla., L'enquêteur dei (107) Camille was N. R Pggson.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and it is governed by Dr G. P. Prabhukumar., Acharya Institute of Technology situate in the city of Bangalore, Karnataka (India). In 2000, J.R. M. R. Pradesh. L.S. S. Rabhadhakrishnani Road; Hess
A Severed Wasp, a print type, has 388 pages. It has an ISBN number 0-374-26131-8 and is available in print., The book A Severe Wasb (abbreviated to the print) has 38 pages.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the U.S.T.A. and died in St Louis.
Swords, Dublin is part of Dublin (Partie du Parlaimint Europeo).
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is associated with Ciro Pérez and Héctor Numa Moraes. He plays Zamba (art form) RCA Records. It was signed to CR Records and he has un background in solo singing.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Ohio in the United States. Washington D.C. It is the capital of the U.S. where English is one of its languages and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, was discovered by N.R. Pogson and it had an Epoch on 31st December 2006.
Bionico a dessert is tellement goûteux. Bionico comes from Mexico in Mexico. Il y contains sour cream. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain. It is 610 metres above sea level and it has a runway length of 3500.0., Agraham Adolfo SuarezMadrid Barajas airport is situated in Valencia, part of the community of Madrid (Spain).It is 610.0 meters above sae level.
L'11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and it is categorised as a contributing property. Carroll County, Maryland is to the southeast of Adams County (United States).
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, where the capital city is Salem. Il y includes an ethnic group in the U.S. African Americans and Albany (in Oregon).
Alessio Romagnoli, whose club is UC Sampdoria, plays at A.C. Milan where Siniša Mihajlović and Silvio Berlusconi are a chairman. Il y formerly played for the Italian national under 17 football team.
Arròs negre comes from Spain, where Felipe VI of Spain is a leader. Arròs Negre can be found in Spain whose currency is the Euro and it's one of the ethnic groups are Spaniards.
John van den Brom played for AZ Alkmaar., Jen van Den Brom is a member of the club AZ ALmaar.
Akeem Adams played for Ferencvarosi TC, whose manager is Thomas Doll. He plays for the United Petrotrin F.C. in Palo Seco and he has Gábor Kubatov as a chairman.
Albany, Oregon is a part of Oregon, in the United States. Washington D.C. Ils are an ethnic group from the U.S.A. where English is the language and its capital is Washington DC.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in the United States, a married to Ruth Ribickoff., In the U.S. Abraham A Riblicoff (whose spouse is  Rut Ribicioff) became an American.
Allan Shivers, a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 Port Arthur, was Democratic Party in the United States. Price Daniel is succeeded by PriceDaniel. 
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC, M.A. in 1957 and retired on 1st August 1974.
1101 Clematis, a epoch date of 31 December 2006, has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an apoapsis of 520906000.0 kilometres., The celestial body known as 1101 Clatis is on 31st December 2006. It ha it had anOrbital Period of 18009000.0 (kilometres).
AmeriGas, which is a company in the energy industry of the United States, operates an operating income of $380,700,000. , AmeriGas (in the U.S.A.), employs l'energia industry degli États-Unis.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, in Opelika. Il y a county seat dei L'U.S. Auburn can be found in the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
Il-LaSalle 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago (United States).
Alan Bean is a national of the United States, where he was operated by NASA and David Scott as commander. 
Akeem Adams played for United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is Palo Seco, and he plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team., Mae Em Adams was a member of the U.S.P.F. C. which has their home ground in Palo Sico. He formerly became attached to the National Under 20 Football Team (Trinidad-Tobago).
Julia Morgan, a San Francisco. Julia Morgan was born in san Francisco and designed dei important buildings tels que Asilomar Conference Grounds, Los Angeles Herald-Examiner, et Addiomar State Beach.
L'American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., has an ISSN number 1080-6377 and its frequenze is bmonthly. It can be a mass mensuel.
Agnes Kant, aménagé le Radboud University Nijmegen, operated by the House of Representatives in the Netherlands. Agnes Kant's birthplace is Hessisch Oldendorf and obtained office at the house of Représentants (Netherlands).
Audi A1, assembled in Brussels, Belgium, is classed as supermini. It has a 1.2 litres long and front-engine operated avant-wheel-drive layout., The Audi A1. L'apparecchiature dei Supermini (assemblé en Bruxelles, Belgio). Il y l'habiter at Antwerp, Belge.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia in Georgia. It is a member of the state of Georgia (U.S).
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore and Indonesia, where Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders. It comes from the region of Singapore which has English as its language.
Finland, where Sauli Niinistö and Juha Sipila are leaders, is a leader of Finland. Il y built the icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov in Helsinki.
Andrew Rayel, a member of Mark Sixma, is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Mark sixma., Ander Andrew Rayell, who was associated with the musician Marc Sixama, has an associato along with M. Moyensohn e Jenningsohn.
Jerry Ordway, a nationality of Americans, was created by Bibbo Bibbowski.
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr., a member of Apollo 11 in 1963, attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963. He graduated from MITSc.S.C. en 1963 and he served as an Apollo 11.
Aenir followed the novel Castle (novel) which was followd by Aennir. 
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Virginia DeMarce, is 512 pages. It has an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0 and it was published in E-book.
Batchoy is a food found in the Philippines. 
John Roberts is a leader of the United States, where John Roberts and Bacon Explosion comes from. 
At built the icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov in Finland, where Sauli Niinisto is a leader. 
Ducati is a subsidiary of Audi, which manufactured Audi A1., L'Audi A1 was manufatted by Audi and Ducati. Il'y compris dei subsidiaries in Audi.
Georgia (U.S.) is a country in the United States. 
A Glastonbury Romance, a hardcover, has an OCLC number 76798317 and an ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0. It is available in Hardcover., OCLC Number 7679817 et the ISBN code 0-67156-328-0 (ISBN number 7156-248-0).
Alvah Sabin, who was a member of the Whig Party (United States) where Daniel Webster is l'leader. He passed away in Sycamore, Illinois and became part of Vermont, which has Burlington as its largest city.
Lerney Airport serves Alderney and is served byAlderney. 
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg. He became attached to the Purple Heart, a member of the Batal of Fellowsburg.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark. 
Antioch, California is 13 metres above sea level. 
Alvah Sabin, who was a member of the Whig Party (United States) where Henry Clay leads Vermont. Il y fought in Sycamore, Illinois. Burlington is an largest city and he became part of Saskatchewan.
Arlington, Texas is part of Tarrant County in Texas, where Austin is the capital and Houston is an largest city.
Alberto Teisaire, a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy, was born on May 5th 1891, Mendoza, Argentina. He worked as an Provisional President of the Senate Argentini. Isaac Rojas succeeded Albertowysaire. 
Alba Iulia - situate in Romania. 
Atlantic County, New Jersey is a part of the United States. , Atlantic County (New Jersey) comes from the U.S.A.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, Java. Il's main ingredients include: Squeezed or smashed, fried chicken served with sambal.
Abner W. Sibal, a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District, was born in Ridgewood, Queens. He worked as an Republican Party (United States) and succeeded Donald J Irwin.
Andrew White started active in 2003 and was signed to Polydor Records. He is associated with Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs., The musician Andrew White, who began his musical career in 2003. He became a member of the band Anthra Bajeo and Janar Khalilow. It has l'orm record label Polydar Records.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are African Americans. It can be found in Great Britain.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versu the Scrivener's Bones., Letraz versus, the Ltz-Bones, and it was preceded by Albuquer Succhil'Sossa.
The A-Rosa Luna, which was christened on April 4th 2005, is 125800.0 millimetres long. It has a length of 125580,0 mms and it had its christening date on 3rd April 2005.
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, Denmark, was established in 1928. It is affiliated with the European University Association. Il y have 737 academic staff but it has 16 000 students.
Attica, Indiana is a part of Logan Township, Fountain County in Indiana, United States. Its population density is 783.1 (inhabitants per square kilometre) and its total area is 44.14 sq km.
Anders Osborne, whose genre is rock music, was a member of Tab Benoit and Billy Iuso. He also associated with the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars.
Gangsta rap is a sub genre of Hip Hop music. 
Bandeja paisa s'inscrit in the Antioquia Department region of Colombia. Bandeja paisa is a food found in Colombian cuisine, where kidney bean is an ingredient.
Massimo Drago a manager of A.C. Cesena, whose club is S.S. Chieti Calcio and he plays for FC Cesene. 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis are leaders. Is a Greek language of the country. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a member of the Nigerian Army, was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President., Abraham Abdul-Saélij Aw Bakullah (in office) during quelqu'un de la Nigeriana army is Mike Iqigbe and became vice president. 
A Glastonbury Romance, a hardcover, has an ISBN number of 0-67156-3648-0. It is available in Hardcover., The ISBN Number of A Glastonebury (ISBN number 978-0--676-13-60) and it can be produced in bhardcover.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka, where the Arabian Sea is to its west. It's home to the east of Uttar Pradesh., L'Institiútivité Atacharya (Idirinstitzio Technological) is situated in Idir Lanka which has al-Midwest Saol Arabe.
Abel Caballero, a member of the Congress of Deputies, was born in Galicia (Spain), Spain. He worked as an Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Ohio in the U.S. Among its ethnic groups are Native Americans and it is a member of the United States. 
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. in Brazil, was founded on 1st January 2001, and it is patrocinad by the CEO. Il y compris drugs debhithe fought in Brasil., L'intermédiaire compétente Contrôleur Hypermarcais (founded 01-01-192001) - phróifíl farmaceutique.
Julia Morgan, a California born in California. Julia Morgan designed degli édifices importants concernant the Asilomar Conference Grounds and Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. L'Austin Castle is l'Istituto di hearst Castle.
Airey Neave, Knightsbridge, was born in Grimmbridge. He fought in the World War II and became part of WWII. 
Mae Kashubian is a language spoken in Poland. 
L'Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which was founded in Coventry. It was succeeded by The Rover Company. 
Edmund J. Davis died in Austin, Texas. 
L'11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a municipality of Gettysburg in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It has Franklin County and Cumberland County (Maryland) to its southeast; Carroll County et Maryland to the north.
Ram Naik is a leader in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Bundelkhand. Il y l'Ideo Location Identifier of Agra Airport (VIAG) - VIAG. 
Batagor, a peanut sauce in Indonesia. Il y compris Siomay and it is an ingredient of Batagor which comes from Indonesia.
Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County, Georgia. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, where Anandiben Patel is the leader. Amdavad Ni GUFA is situated in India. 
Arrabbiata sórt Arrabbiata is a region of Rome, Italy in Italy. Il y contains chili pepper and it has the main ingredients: Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland on 9 September 1995. He is a member of the birthplace of Aleksandrer Barkow Jr (Finland).
A.C. Chievo Verona, which play in Serie A, is a member of the Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi and it has their home ground at Stadio Marco Antoni bentegodis. 
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, London where Boris Johnson is a leader., Boris Johnson leads London (London), which was led by Gordon Johnson.
Arrabbiata sórt arrabbiata is a region of Rome, Italy. Il y includes chili pepper and it can be found in Rome. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna. He worked as Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria).
Adam Holloway, who was born in Kent, worked as a Member of Parliament for Gravesham. He began feidhmiú maidir le Magdalene College Cambridge depuis 5 May 2005.
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, which had Eagle as a fate. It was made by the american Motors and its destino is Eagle. 
Agustin Barboza, aménagé in Asunción, Asuncion. Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay where one of the languages spoken is Spanish. Il y's ethnic group there are Mestizo and Agustin Barboz died in Buenos Aires.
Alex Day performs Synthpop, which originated from new wave music and has its stylistic origins in New Wave music. 
The Acura TLX has a 9 speed ZF 9HP automatic V6 transmission., Acura TCLX hails 9,9 speed S7hp automatic (V6) transmission.
Agnes Kant a worked in the House of Representatives in Netherlands. 
1099 Figneria, which has a temperature of 156.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 (kilometres). Its escape velocity is 0.0155 km/s. It's measured at 1533 Kelvins and it has al-al-val-il-fl-ol-f-l-tol-yl-sil-til-ll-all-ell-tal-temp., The celestial body known as
L-Aviation Forces United States, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada, became operated by Al Asad airbase. L-Opération Lockheed AC-130 is l-Operating organisation for the U.S. Air Force; faisons part of the Korean War and fl-Afghanistan de Grenade.
Agnes Kant, a nationality of the Netherlands, whose leader is Mark Rutte, worked in the House of Representatives (Netherlands).
Aaron Bertram started active in 1998. , was a member of the year 1998 and he commenced actively in 1996.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C 2015 e fought in 2015.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He fought in the Battle of the Wilderness, where he won the Purple Heart as well as an award.
Al Anderson, a member of the band NRBQ, became active in 1966. He is associated with The Wildweeds and partly from the group RBQ.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California within the Greater Los Angeles area. It is in the U.S. A.K.A. Anaheim can be found in New York.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece.  Federal Adviser Demitra Afxeinupolis competed at the 15th of July 2014.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957. Il y a member of NASA in 1959 and died in California.
The Acura TLX which is manufactured by Honda, has a Honda J engine., L'Acura TCLX (whose was made in Honda) hails an HondaJ engine.
The novel Into Battle, which was followed by The Violet Keystone and Aenir. It was preceded by Castle (novel) in Australians. 
Dan Mishkin created Bolt, or Ernie Colón. Il y Larry Bolatinsky is an alternative name for Bolt. 
Ernie Colón, Puerto Ricans, was created by Dan Mishkin and Ernie Colon. It is also known as Larry Bolatinsky.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, operated by ENAIRE, is located in Madrid. Its runway name is 14L/32R and it has a length of 4349.0. It is 610 metres above sea level.
Richard A. Teague, whose employer is Chrysler, was a designer of the AMC Matador. 
The Ariane 5 had a maiden flight on 11 August 2005, and its first voyage was on August 11, 2005.
GMA New Media produces a World Wide Web. 
Albany, Georgia is a part of Dougherty County in Georgia. In the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. It is a academic discipline of Computer Science and it has the ISSN number 1046-8188.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and was awarded the Purple Heart., Abraham Gorra, Aaron Si Dagett belonged to the battle of Fellowsburg (w).
Alan Martin played football for Clyde F.C., which is managed by Barry Ferguson and has a ground at Broadwood Stadium. Alan Martin plays for Barrow FC.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He won the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Méd and died in California.
Andra, a Rhythm and Blues genre is rhythm and blues. Disco derives from disco.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, is available in hardcover. It has an ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 and it was published in Hardcover.
Aaron Hunt played for Goslarer SC 08 and SV Werder Bremen. He is a member of VfL Wolfsburg, whose youth club is Gos Larer Sc 08.
The reference number of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is 88002539 in the U.S. Route 83., Asher, Mary Elizabeth Pierleריצ's House was located at 83 US Route 83 United States Register of Historic Places (reference number: 80002539).
Allan Shivers, who was born in Lufkin, Texas, is a member of the Democratic Party (United States), where Price Daniel was succeeded.
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors. It was designed by 3XN and operated by Bella Center. Il y hails 23 Floors in Copenhagen., 3XN were the architects del'AC hotel Bella Séjour Copenhagen (part of Bella Centre) where it had 23 palazzos.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989. He played for Anyang Halla and he is a member of the club As well as Jurisprudence., Anyang halla, Alex Planté, became an Municipality en 1989.
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors., 600 Floors a total area of 300 North LASalle.
Abel Hernandez, whose club is Peñarol, plays for Central Espanol. He was manager of Hull City A.F.C. Steve Bruce and he has a youth team in Central Español. 
Agustin Barboza, aménagé in Asunción, Asuncion, Paraguay. Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay where one of the languages is Spanish.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez, a manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan, is i member of C. D. FAS. He plays for the club AC S.S.
B postcode area is Birmingham where the postal code is B. 
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart, a variation of Bakwell pudding. It comes from the Derbyshire Dales which are part of it. L'introduzione dei dint Cakewell Pudding (prodotto) include Faganipane. 
Atlas II originated in the United States. , Atlas II originates from the U.S.A., Analysis II comes from l'United States.
John van den Brom, a manager of AZ Alkmaar, is i Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap. He plays for Van der Brom whose club is de Graapschap.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II, where Chiang Kai-shek was a commander. Il y served in the United States Army.
Antioch, California a total area of 75.324 square kilometres, has an UTC offset of -7 and its area code 925 is 925. Ils are 102372 sq km.
Abel Hernández played for the Uruguay Olympic football team. 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It has Franklin County to its west and Frederick County (Maryland).
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press, in the United States. It is a language of Great Britain and it is spoken in English. 
L'aerroport Ardmore (New Zealand) is located 34.0 metres above sea level. It has a runway name of 07/25 and an length of 518.0. L'arrivée dei l'Aerfort, New Zealand, which hails 344,0 meters al-dessus sas. Il y cheadaítear le n-al-d-ol-w-il-j-v-f-
Anderson, Indiana is part of Indiana where it has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per sq km. Its area code is 765 and its total area is 107.43 square kilometres. It is 268.0 above sea level.
Austin, Texas is a country in the United States. In which Americans are an ethnic group of African American.
Greek is a language in Greece, where they speak Greek.  The language of greece is greco.
Mauricio Macri is a leader in Argentina, where ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) comes from. It has Buenos Aires as its capital and it is led by MauricioMacri. 
Abilene, Texas is a part of Taylor County in Texas, United States. It serves the city of Abileni, Austin, Illinois. 
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown, Charlotte Town., The birth place of Adam McQuid is Charlotte town.
Buzz Aldrin, a crew member of Apollo 11 was an fighter pilot and fought in carriere., At he served as Fighter pilot, became part of the Apollo 11.
Angola, Indiana is a part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County in Indiana, United States. It has 16.55 square kilometres per l'intero km. 
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a American, was born in Chicago and died in the U.S. J.R.C. Casey Ribcoff; became married to Maye Ribixoff. C'était an ethnic group of Native Americans degli Stati Uniti.
Austin, Texas is part of Williamson County, where the largest city is Round Rock and Georgetown. It is a county seat in Austin. A Spanish language is spoken in Texas.
La Crosse, Wisconsin has a total area of 58.38., L'area totale LaCrosse ( Wisconsin) is 58,38.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is a leader. It's the national anthem of Canada (or O Canada).
Walter Baade, a student of the University of Göttingen, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He died in West Germany. Defhill Walter Baada, who was born in the German Empire and studied all'université Gottingen. A doctoral student is Allan Sandage.
Agra Airport is located in India. It is operated by the Indian Air Force and has VIAG as its ICAO Location Identifier., In India, Agra Airport (IATA location identifier Agra) is VIA G. Its organisation is the indian air force and it's operates by an IndianAir Force.
Bandeja paisa, a food found in the Paisa region, Colombia. Il y compris red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, egg fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), al-Avocado and lemon.
Bacon Explosion contains bacon and sausage. In the United States, c'est l'introduzione dei Bacon Esplosion.
A.F.C. Fylde, which has 3180 members, is in Warton, Fylda. It has a full name of Association Football Club Fylden. Il's ground is warton (Файлde).
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, performs Zamba (artform). Il y includes seul singer.
Albany, Oregon has a total area of 45.97 square kilometres., The total population of Albany in Oregon is 45,97 square kilometers.
Agnes Kant risiede in the Netherlands. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas, Dallas. He deceased.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is a politician. Elizabeth II is the leader of which, it's led by Philip Allen (politician).
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.  Airey Niave is a member of the birthplace of Grimmbridge (London). 
The 1955 Dodge, manufactured by l'Dodge. It has a V8 engine and an impressive wheelbase of 120.0 centimetres. Its moteur is 130.0 (inches).
Aleksandr Prudnikov, a member of FC Dynamo Moscow, was born on 24th February 1989. He played for FC Kuban Krasnodar and he formerly plays for the club Dinamo Moscou.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was designed by Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. It is located in Azerbaijan, a dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders. 
3Arena, designed by Populous, is located in Dublin, Dublin. It was completed in December 2008.
Addiction (journal) a abbreviated to Addiction, is l'abbrv. It has an ISSN number 0965-2140.
L'Angola International Airport which is 159 metres above sea level in Icolo e Bengo, Luanda Province. It has a runway length of 4000.0 and an elevation of 159 m long., Il'l'Atroport international Angola - 159 km/h; it is located in Ícolo (Beno), Lubanda Province, Lussemburgo. Il y ha i raggio de la n-
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. A.S. Roma's ground is located in Rome, Italy and has 70634 members. 
A.S. Roma played in Serie A and play in Rome, Italy.
Andrew White, whose genre is alternative rock, has a member of the band Marry Banilow. Andrew White performs Alternative rock music., The musician Andrew white plays alternative Rock and he was associated with Margry Banylow.
Attica, Indiana is part of Indiana where the capital city is Indianapolis. Attica is in Indiana whose capital is New Zealand. 
3Arena, located on East Link Bridge, is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. It is situated at East link Bridge. 
Halimah Yacob is a leader in Singapore, where Halimah Ysaac is the leader. Beef kway teow comes from. It has an currency of Singapore dollar. 
Abilene, Texas - 524.0 metres above sea level. It has a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and its area code is 325. Its total area is 286.5 sq km et it has an area type of water 14.2 (square kilometres).
Philippe of Belgium is a leader in Belgium, where Philippe de Belgium. 
FC Terek Grozny is a home ground in granny.  Federal Football FC Terk Grotzny's ground is Grandny.
Mae almond, jam, butter and eggs are main ingredients of Bakewell pudding which was created in Rutland Arms. In 1820, it is a member of the Rutland Arms (Bakewell).
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km per sec and an apoapsis of 611961000.0 kilometres. 
Antioch, California's 11th State Assembly District is the leader of Antioch. 
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba, Manioquia., The birth place of Alex Plantes is Manibaka where Alex plante's Lieu natal.
At serves the city of Athens, a l'aeroporto is located in Spata. L'arrivée degli Aetroport international Athens (in Spate).
William Anders was born on 17 October 1933 in British Hong Kong. He became a crew member of Apollo 8.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died on 21st July 1998 in California. He became awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than Department of Commerce Gold MMedal., At he later retired August 21th 1998 en California, AlanShepard belonged to the American Defense service Ribbon.svg.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has an ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9. It can be found in Hardcover., L'ISBN number, 1-439-925500-9, Alcatraz Versu the Labyrinthais (wSSN: 0-939-9255)-9.
Alfred N. Phillips fought in the American Civil War and became a member of the United States Army. 
Audi, a division of Audi e-tron and Ducati. Audi was founded by August Horch. A1 is manufacturd by Audi. It is part of the Audi E-TRON and its subsidiary c'est Deucati.
Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman, a bananaman. 
Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow, which is managed by Valery Petrakow. 
Bacon Explosion, which originates from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States. Ils include sausage and bacon.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cape Town is the capital. Ils are an ethnic group of south Africa and Asian South Africans whose capital is Cape town. L'espèce de White SouthAfricans (White Southafricans).
Hypermarcas - produzione dei drugs, is located in Sao Paulo, Brazil. Il governed by the President of the Supreme Federal Court. Is a food found in São Paulo (Brésil).
Anaheim, California is a leader of Anaheim. Anaheimer, CA's governed by the U.S. House of Representatives which is part of the United States Congress. English is one of its languages and it is in the US., Albaheim (Californie) is led by la New York Senate de Représentants where English language is spoken.
Bananaman broadcast by the BBC, London, where Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead is a key person. Bananaman was diffused by la BBC in London. 
Poaceae, a class of Monocotyledon and Commelinids, are part of the division of flowering plant. Poaceae is assembled at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) which has an 2nd runway surface type de poaceae.
Celery is a member of the Apiaceae family, celery whose genre is Apium. Bakso is one of its ingredients and it has an ingredient in BakSo. 
Atlas II originated dagli Stati Uniti, where the leader is a President. It has an ethnic group of Native Americans in the U.S. which is led by l'President. , Atlas II originates dagli États-Unis, whose leaders are called u president. Il y compris un elenco ethnique degli Amériques.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al-Zawra'a SC and plays for the Shabab Al Or-Ordon Club. 
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is a ground in Italy. 
Ram Naik is a leader in Uttar Pradesh, part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. Is where Agra Airport can be found.
Duncan Rouleau is a national of Americans. Baymax was created by Damon Wayans Jr. It can be found in the film Big Hero 6., Baymax comes from an American, J.Y.A. and plays for big Hero 6 (film) that starred Adamo Wayanos Jr.
Aleksandr Chumakov played football for FC Torpedo Moscow, which is managed by Valery Petrakov. He died in Russia. Il y a member of the Soviet Union national football team and its leader is Valentina Matviyenko.
Al Anderson, a member of the band NRBQ, performs rock music and originated from country music. 
Bandeja paisa, a food found in the Paisa region of Colombia. Bandeja paisa comes from the paese region; it includes Lemon and is part of the Rosids or de la Rutaceae family.
Aaron Bertram, a member of the Kids Imagine Nation, is associated with the Suburban Legends band and plays under the band Kids Imagin Nation.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where English is the language. 
Il-Governor Flemish is a leader of the flotte region, where it is led by le fl-gouvernement. 
Luanda serves Luanda, a l-aeroporto international Angola. It is 159 metres above sea level in Metres. 
A Loyal Character Dancer has an ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3., The ISBN Number of the ISBN code is1-56947-301-3, A loyal Character dancer.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He became test pilot and died in California. It was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Méda., At he deceased AlanShepard, who belonged to an American Navy (Manufactured on Nov 18, 1923), fought en New-Hampshire.
Athens, AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and play in the Superleague Greece. It's a home ground at Athens. Ily have 69618.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad. 
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which is located at Asillomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California, has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places., The Asilomor Conference grounds are situated at Afisolomar Brev. (Pacific Grove), California. It has an Reference number for the Negozio dei monuments historique locaux 88000823.
Aenir, a print publication, was written by Garth Nix. It has an ISBN number of 0-4339-17684-0 and is published in print.
Squid is an ingredient in Arròs negre, which contains saquid. 
 1097 Vicia, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, has a mass of 9.8 kgs, an orbital period de 135589000.0. Its apoapsis is 511592000.0 (kilometres).
Jens Härtel played for SV Germania Themascheiche. 
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid, New York, a Saranac Lake (New York) e Antarc Lake. Its runway length is 1219.0.
Aaron Deer, Indianapolis, Indiana, is a Psychedelia solo singer. He originated in Indiana.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages, an ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9. It has 39-92550-9.
A Wizard of Mars is a language in English. It is the language used in A wizard de Mars.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi.  Il'lympia Stadium, Athenes are situated in Marusi.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, i gcás Ballstáit. Is é an tArd-Aire de l'Azerbaïdjan le haghaidh Ard-Uachtarán na hAzerbaidjan (leagissant do the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku).
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Newmarket, Ontario, Canada. He is a solo singer and he became musician whose origins are newmarket (Ontario).
J.V. Jones e J V Jones wrote A Fortress of Grey Ice, ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6., A fortress Of GreyIce (ISBN number 0-67653-633-6) is written by Jv Jones and J. V Johnson.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and is 17068.8 millimetres in length. It has 12 cylindres, a l'arrivée dei constructed by McManufactures locomotive works., Al-AC RS-3, which had 12 litres per cubic centimeter, it was manufactured by the Montreal Limousine Works. Il y ha 178.8millimetres long.
Bill Marriott International is a key person in Bill., L'employeur clef-person degli Affari International, Bill Marry, is Bill Marcher.
Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis, which is governed by the International Tennis Federation. It's sports offered to tennis; it has a sport Governing Body in Acharya Association. 
The Apollo 8 operated by NASA. 
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands, where he attended Erasmus University Rotterdam. He is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal Party and became part of its alma mater., AbraKlink (born in The Netherlands) belongs to an Chrichte Affirmant Al-Université Rotterdam en Rotterdam.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in Chicago, a worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. Fallo's married to Casey Ribcoff (in Chicago).
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl, y have 5300 members. It is a home ground in Italy and its full name is Associazione Gabbiano 1910 Rl., Sviluppated by A.S. gubbiO 1910 (in Italy), it has 55000 members.
L-Ariane 5 was launched from ELA-3 and it is located at the Guiana Space Centre, Kourou, France. It has a headquarters in Aurou (France). L-Areane 5 had l-ESA-3.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and fought in the Topklasse 2014-15. It is a member of 5 000 members. 
Alex Tyus played in the Turkish Basketball Super League and plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. whose coach is Vit Sherf.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where John Roberts was a leader. It has an ethnic group of African Americans and it is led by l'U.S. J. Roberts as its president. Il y compris English (language: English).
Auburn, Washington - part of the state of Washington, in the United States. It has Olympia as its capital.
Aaron Boogaard, a member of Wichita Thunder club, was born in Regina, Saskatchewan. He is 1.905 m tall and he plays for wichita Viking club., Mae'r Bogaard whose birthplace is ريجيna (Saskatquewan). He has an elevation of 1,.905m long and became attached to the Jitta Thunder Club.
Akeem Ayers formerly played for St. Louis Rams and was a draft pick of 39 and his draft round is 2.
Adisham Hall - Haputale, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader in Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and it has an currency called the Singaporen rupee.
Auburn, Washington is a part of Pierce County in Washington, United States. Washington D.C. Is the capital of the U.S.
Aaron Deer is a member of The Horns of Happiness and has collaborated with the musical artist. 
Lermish Department of Mobility and Public Works operates l'aerfort international Antwerp, which is owned by the Flemish Region. It serves the city of Anvers., Illermish Département de mobility and public works téléphoniques n'est governed by Brussels International Airport o tenant an Aflemish region.
Poaceae, which is classed as Monocotyledon, or Commelinids. La 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) was made from Poaceae and it has a surface type of poaceae.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an OCLC number of 78771100., Loccidentally Alcatraz Versu the Ilum Libraryans was 77151100 and it has ISBN number 878771100.
Alfredo Zitarrosa s'associed with Hilario Pérez. 
A Severed Wasp, a print is in print. It has an OCLC number 8805735 and the Library of Congress Classification (PS3528.E55 S4 1982). L'OCLC Number 88096465, it can be found in Print.
 Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Il y's nickname Cornelle Big Red and it has an affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l., it has 39371 members and their home ground is Verona, Italy. It plays in the Serie A 2014-15 season. 
 Nikos Voutsis e'r leader in Greece.  Niois Poutsis is a leader of Grecia.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes. 
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, Denmark, was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association. L'universita's organisation was erected en 1928.
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore, where they are beef kway teow and Indonesia. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico, in the United States, where Don Tripp is a leader. It is governed by an American House of Representatives whose leaders are: Il-U.S. L-O.R.A.L. (il-o.l).
Abilene, Texas a density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and it is 524.0 above sea level. It has an area total area 286.5 sq km. Il y includes environ 524,0 al-dessus leibhéal.
Ahmet Ertegun, a rhythm and blues musician. Rhythm and Blues originated from blues and disco is derived from Disco. Il y includes an ethnic group in the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnies.
L'AMC Matador, a mid-size car, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It has an AMC V8 engine and it is classed as well as American MotorsMatador. Il y compris un station wagon with l'ACM V8.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe leads Sri Lanca, where an currency is the shri Lankan rupee.
The AIDAluna began his career on 22nd March 2009., Aidaluna became active in 2009-03-16.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press, in the United States. It is a publisher of A U.S.
Alessio Romagnoli played for A.S. Roma, which play in Serie A and is a member of the youth club AS Roma. 
Felipe Gozon is a key person in GMA New Media, l'Idirlíon, Philippines. L'intermédiaire clef-pháirt de la Glianza Network Center (Légion Filippine).
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, where Joko Widodo and Jado Odisseo are leaders. Il'y compris Javanese cuisine. L'Indonésien hails an currency of Indonesian rupiah.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where 20 Fen Church Street can be found. 
John Roberts is a leader in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. Bacon Explosion comes from. Is l'Afghanistan originated dagli U.S. John Roberts and one of its leaders is African americans. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the U.S.T. A.K. S.L. and died in St Louis.
Frank de Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax. 
Alessio Romagnoli, a member of A.C. Milan, whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović, plays for UC Sampdoria.
John Buscema a was awarded Eagle Award (comics). 
Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, Greece, is a Minister of Health. He worked as Minister for Health.
Twilight (Band Twilight) performs black metal., Black metal is an genre of Black Metal.
 Patrick McLoughlin is a leader of Derbyshire Dales, which is led by Patrick Mcoughlins. 
Siomay is a variation of Shumai and it can be varied by siot may. 
Addis Ababa City Hall, which is 42m in hauteur, has 42 m as its current tenants: Government of Addis-Ababa. It's an elevation of 42 mm and they are now operated by the governing Adis Abeba. 
Binignit, a food found in Visayas, Philippines. Il contient sweet potato and coconut milk. La main ingredients of Binignit are banana.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, a governed by Vica, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions. It has 17000 members and it competed in Brazil.
The Alhambra was launched on 31st May 1855. It has a 8.3 m long ship beam and it had its last date of 1 June 1850. 
(66391) 1999 KW4, which has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 (kilometres) and its average speed is 37.16 km per sec. It has a density 2.0 gram per cubic centimetre, it has ad hoc sims 1626220,8388 km.
Aerfort County Airport Andrews is located in Texas, Illinois, United States. Austin is the capital of Texas where one of the languages are Spanish and Houston is an largest city. 
Il Memorial turco Martyrs' located in Baku, Azerbaijan. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and was designed by Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner., Inaugurated by Huseyin Bütüner et Hilpi Güner, Azerbaïdjan (capital: Baku).
Massimo Drago played for Delfino Pescara 1936 and plays for the club Defino Speziara, 1936. 
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a American, was born in Connecticut and died in New York City. He worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare., American Abraham A'r Ribcoff is an American who belonged to the U.S. Democratic Party (United States), but he passed away in new York city.
Atlantic City International Airport which is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has a runway name 4/22 and it can be found in the U.S.A.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor. It plays in the Qatar Stars League and are managed by Amar Osim. Il y formerly clubs include Shabab Al-Ordon Club.
A Severed Wasp, a hardcover, has 388 pages. It has an OCLC number 8805735 and an ISBN number of 0-374-26131-8., Jurisprudence de Hardcover De Jerald A Severe Wasf (ISBN number 0-676-81-8) is 288 pages.
Atlanta, which has a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre, has an area code 404, 678, 470 and it has 347.1 sq km. Its total area is 34,7.1 (square kilometres).
Arròs negre, a Catalonia in Spain, is where Cubanelle is an ingredient. It includes white rice, cuttlefish or squid and cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. , Arròs Negre comes from the Catalonian region of Spain. Il main ingredients include white prairie, cubdillofish oppure saphir, celestial body carbunelle pepers.
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Copenhagen, Denmark. It was designed by 3XN and operated by Marriott international. 
A Severed Wasp s'est found in the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. Il y compris Great Britain and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Felipe Gozon is a key person in GMA New Media, which has Felipe Goszon as their parent company. It is publicly employed by l'Associazione Network (conjointement) y société GNOME. 
Anderson, Indiana is part of Madison County, in Indiana, U.S.A., Allen Anderson (in Indiana), Illinois, United States, l'est-part of Franklin County and Indiana.
Baked Alaska is a food found in Hong Kong, France, where Carrie Lam (politique) and Gérard Larcher are leaders. Il y compris le French language.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the overland Campaign and fecame part of the Overland., The Battle of Alfred Mayer Scale was under the Underland PCampaign.
Anaheim, California a total area of 131.6 square kilometres, is 48 metres above sea level. It is 121.6 sq km and it has an elevation of chlár 48.
Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States. 
Aaron Turner, a Black metal musician, plays Electric guitar and performs black metal. Death metal comes from the fusion genre de Death Metal.
Alfons Gorbach, a member of Imst in Austria-Hungary, died in Styria. He was born in Ist, Autriche-Hongheria.
A Wizard of Mars, a hardcover, has an ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 and is available in Hardcover., The ISBN Number of the book A's O'S O’Sōst-Mars (ISBN number 0-20-15-204075-2) is 978-20-4770-2.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst., and it has an ISSN number 1558-2868. It is a academic discipline of Computer Science.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the U.S.T.A. St. Louis and died in St Louis.
L'Aston Martin Virage, manufactured by Aston M.RHAM/1, is a related means of transport to the Aton Martin RHAM/1. Il y l'avaient succeeded L'ASN Martin V8., Al-Marman MartinV8, manufactured by Al-Manur Martin, s'agissait dei trasporti all'asnissement al-al-ar-rham/1
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cape Town is the capital and Cyril Ramaphosa is leader.
Andra is a pop musician whose genre is Pop music. Disco and disco are fusion genres.
Andra, a solo singer, is sfrened pop music. Andra's genre is Pop music and its background is solo singer.
Abilene, Texas has a area code 325. It is categorised as it's 325.
Alfons Gorbach, aménagé in Austria, was in office while Adolf Schärf was president. 
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was written by Eric Flint, was born in Burbank, California. It was preceded by 1634; The Baltic War and it was sequel to 1632: La Breataine.
Bionico, a type of dessert, comes from Mexico where Enrique Pena Nieto and Spanish is the language spoken. Bionico can be found in it. Il y compris Honey as one of its types de dessert.
Mae'r Baked Alaska, a food found in New York, France. Meringue is one of the ingredients that can be found there and comes from France.
Walter Baade, a nationality in Germany, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He attended the University of Göttingen.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's record label was Movieplay and is signed to filmplay. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in the United States, which has Barack Obama as a leader. It comes from Great Britain and it was written in English (whose abbreviated in Great Gran Bretagna).
Lee County, Alabama is a part of l'Alabama., Le County Lee (Alabama) is in Ohio.
Alfred N. Phillips, who was born in Darien, Connecticut, worked as a Mayor of Stamford (Connecticut).
Atlanta is a part of Georgia in the U.S., where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Frederick, Maryland is the nearest city in Frederick County. It was established on 11th July 1907 and it is categorised as a district of Historic districts in the U.S.A., The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument (New Jersey), which has an elevation organisation for the National Park Service, belongs to the Monocacy National Battlefield situated at Alfred County, M.F.C.
In Japan, there are an ethnic group of  Brazils and the Brasilians. 
Audi A1, assembled in Audi Brussels, has a 1.2 litre engine. It is an automobile style de Sedan., The Audi A1. L'apparecchiature VW Bruxelles, ha un wagon body style; it had 1,2 litres moteurs.
Allen Forrest performs pop music., The genre of Allen Forrester is Pop music.
ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups. It has an anthem called The Star Spangled Banner.
Buzz Aldrin is a nationality of the United States., A US Nationality Buzz Aldin was an American.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987, is located in Pacific Grove, California. It was aggiunto al March 27th 1987 a l'Annuario dei Monuments historiques., The Asilomor Conference grounds are situated in Atlantic Grove (كالي), California; it has été ajouté al Registre Nocturnes التاريخية on
20 Fenchurch Street commenced in janvier 2009 and it was built on Jan 2009.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada, where English is the language., Canada's birth place Adam McQuid comes from Canada whose language is English.
Agnes Kant, a nationality of the Netherlands, is istituite le House of Representatives in France. He was led by Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer.
L'Université 1 Decembrie 1918 s'inscrit in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is a leader. It has Bucharest as its capital and one of the ethnic groups there are Germans of Romania., Il-université 1, Decreto 1918 n'est l'université din Romania (il-Basarest). Il-légial dei paesi Romani y hails Klaus IIohannis. Tuttavia, c'etait
Andra, a solo singer, was born in 1986 in Câmpia Turzii. She is sagginatrice dei genre Rhythm and Blues.
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy, where the capital city is Rome. I's people are known as Italians and l'arrabbiata sauce can be found there.
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow, which is managed by Valery Petrakov. , Aleksandr ChuMakov was attached to FC Tashkent Minsk, whose manager devient Valeryl Petrakow.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino, Switzerland e's established in 1996. It has 600 students and is located in Tazio. Johann Schneider-Ammann was a leader in Switzerland. 
James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada, discovered 103 Hera on 27th July 2011 and died in Madison, Wisconsin. It has an epoch date of 27 August 2011.
14R/32L is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport. 
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, established in 1928, has 737 academic staff. It has 16 000 students; it has a staff size of 737. 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a municipality of Gettysburg in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It has Cumberland County to its southeast and Carroll County (Maryland).
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 4th November 2013, a t-efeast is on 31st December 2013. It has the escape velocity of 0.0999 km per sec. 
Agustin Barboza signed to Philips Records and is a record label degli Apple Records. 
Dan Mishkin created Bolt, a comic book character (Larry Bolatinsky) and Paris Cullins. It is also known as لاري Bolattinsky. 
Alison O'Donnell, a jazz musician, is signed to Fruits de Mer Records and Deram Records in London. Desam Records are l'annon label der Am Records (London).
Trane, a located in Ireland. Trane was founded in La Crosse ( Wisconsin). In Europe is the location of Ireland.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. played in the National Hockey League and is a member of the league national hockey.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. It has an address of Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, vicino CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University and University Road., Atsamdan niGufa (led by Lulbhai dalpatabhai campus, proxime U.E.U. A.R. Pradesh, Université Idirindien), situated in Agrad India.
Akeem Dent formerly played for Atlanta Falcons, who are owned by Bob McNair. He commenced to play for the Houston Texans, which is located in Atlanta.
Bill Oddie e's child was Kate Hardie. 
Sergio Mattarella and Pietro Grasso are leaders in Italy, where Rome is the capital. Amatriciana sauce comes from. It's a traditional Italian which has Roma as its capital.
Roy D. Chapin Jr, is a key person in the American Motors whose fate were Chrysler. Il AMC Matador was manufactured by America Motors and its successor was Eagle (automobile).
Arròs negre, a cuttlefish is one of the ingredients in Arròs Negre. It comes from the Valencian Community.
Aaron Turner, a member of Mamiffer, performs black metal music. He is an artist in the band mammiffer and singing dei Black Metal. Death metal comes from one of its fusion genres.
Bionico, a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico. Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico and it can be varied as Honey. Bionico comes from Jalajara region. Il y compris an ingredient dei bionico (il t-or Sardajara).
AmeriGas is a member of the United States which was founded on July 4th, 1776 in Pennsylvania. It has an area of 9833516.63 square kilometres and its total area is 39341516.63 sq km.
(66063) 1998 RO1, which has an epoch date of November 4th 2013, had an orbital period of 360.29 days. Its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 (kilometres).
Austin, Texas - in the United States. Austin is a leader of the City Manager.
Bhangt Budapest is located in Hong Kong, Hungary. 
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, is 512 pages. It was published in E-Book and it has 511 pages.
110 Lydia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
Auburn, Alabama is a country in the United States. Y'y have an ethnic group of Asian Americans and one of the cities are Auburn (Alabama).
Bhajji is a food found in the Karnataka region of India, where T. S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders. , Bhajji comes from india, whose leader is T-S Takur, ni Naradhya Modi and Nurendra Modi.
A Long Long Way, which was preceded by Annie Dunne, in Ireland. It is followed by The Secret Scripture published by Faber and Fabers. Ils include an ethnic group of White people. 
Baymax, a person of Americans, was created by Duncan Rouleau, Steven T. Seagle and Scott Adsit. Baymax is in the film Big Hero 6 (film) which starred Scott Adit.
Livorno Calcio S.p.A. L.S. Livorno, which has 19238 members, was in the Stadio Armando Picchi, and fought in Serie B 2014-15.
L'Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. It has a runway name of South Runway and it can be found there. 
Akron Summit Assault is located in Akron, Ohio, U.S. In the United States.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. Il's capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the language Tamil is Tamil. Adisham Hall can be found in haputala,Sri Lanka.
Lancia Thema and Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Arese, are related means of transport to the Fiat Croma. It is comprises all'Erse and Lancia Mondee. 
The AMC Matador, which has an alternative name VAM Classic, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It has a station wagon body style and s'il y formerly known as V8 engine.
Adam McQuaid played for Boston Bruins in Columbus, Ohio. Don Sweeney is a general manager of Boston-Blue Jackets who are located in New York.
Il Delta II, which originated in the United States, originates dagli USA. It was launched from Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. L'Antares (rocket) is similar a Delta I depuis an U.S.E.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, a led by the European Parliament. It is governed by The European Parlaimint. 
Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States. 
L'AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark, is owned by Bella Center. It has 23 floors and was tenanted by Marriott International.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico, a type of dessert. Il y includes granola and Granola. 
Aaron Turner a member of the Mamiffer band and is associated with an American House of Low Culture. He performs black metal, which fought in Death metal. Deffectuer defform nuism.
Binignit contains banana, a derivative of binignit in the Philippines. Ils include sweet potato and banana.
Trane, a Swords, Dublin. Trane's type of subsidiary, produces building management systems and has an revenue of $10,264,000,000, net income of $556,300,000, but it is istituited by Bin Management System.
L'AMC Matador, a model year 1971, is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria. Il y includes an AMC Ambassador and it is related to the militaire of transportation., Il système de manufactured in 1971 on port Melbourne (Vittoria) et l'Atranger Atranger Aontraíocht Aontair.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia in 1987. 
Andrew Rayel, who is associated with Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano. Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose and Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin et Alexandra Badoi. He plays House music in the country.
A Severed Wasp e's from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. It is a language of English which was tuairisced in Great Britain. Il y hails all-Americans degli U.S. E.E.I.
Stuart Parker, a manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, plays football for Sparta Rotterdam and he is managed by Logan Parker. 
L'Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States. It is part of Manhattan.
Bionico, which is a food found in Jalisco, Mexico. Bionico comes from the Guadalisco region of Mexico and contains raisins. 
Albert Uderzo created Asterix (comics character) René Goscinny., Aterix, a person of comic character Arrived by Rene Gosciny, was designed by Albert UDerzo. 
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana, which has Indianapolis as its capital. 
L'aerfort International Airport Antwerp is operated by the Flemish Government and it is 12 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 600.0, which is 610 meters long. L'arrivée dei l'astérissement du flemish region in 12.6 km/h.
Chinabank, a net income of 15100000000, provides services in banking. Chinabank has an t-infériod net $15100000000., L'infraid net density is 15,00000000 USD and she bénéficiera d'un secteur bancaire.
Il sórt Amatriciana is a sauce in Lazio, Italy. Il y includes Guanciale, guanciale, cheese, olive oil. Is comprises degli ingredienti: pomodori, granciale and olivo.
Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is a director of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Soldevanahalli (Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road), Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Chinabank, a company founded on August 16th 1920, has 5594 employs. Its net income is 15100000000 and it has 295 locations in 295.,  Chinabank (founded 08-16-1920) ha un revenue net density of 15,100,000,000 per l'exercice 1500000000.
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of the New Democracy in Greece, was in office while Antonis Samaras became Prime Minister and Konstantinos Mitsotakis succeeded.
Andrew Rayel started performing in 2009 and became active in Trance music. He is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Albany, Oregon is a part of Linn County and Benton County in Oregon, U.S.A.
Aerfort County Airport Andrews is located in Texas, where Austin and Texan are known as Texans. Houston is the largest city of Texas whose capital is Austin.
Aleksandre Guruli played for AZAL PFK and is a member of the club Olympique Lyonnais, which has their home ground at Parc Olympiques Lyonnaise. Il y formerly plays football for ACELAPFK. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo. He was succeeded by Adenan Satem and became a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Born in Kuching, Jurisprudenza japonaise de Imprimeria البريطاني, Abdul Taif Taem, fought in Shung. His successor was AidenanSatem.
Amatriciana sauce comes from Lazio region. Tomato is one of the ingredients in an ingredient, a tioms.
The Alhambra has a top speed of 18.52 km/h. 
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the community of Madrid. 
Bhajji contains gram flour, vegetables and is a food found in the Karnataka region. Il y compris Bhajji whose main ingredients are gram fluor, talm et végétal. 
Albany, Georgia is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the U.S.A. where African Americans are an ethnic group. It is a member of the United States which includes all'Afghanistan. , Albany, Atlanta, Florida, Oregon, Indiana, hails un poids degli Stati Uniti; l'Ethnic group ethno-Americans.
Stuart Parker, whose manager is A.F.C. Blackpool, played football for Irlam Town FC and plays for KV Mechelen.
Luanda Province is l'Angola, where it is 159 metres above sea level. It is situated in Ícolo e Bengo, part of Luandaprovince. Il y compris 159 km/h.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a member of the Nigerian Air Force, fought in office while AtikuAbubakar was Vice President. Olasegun Obasanjo became susceptible to succeeded Abdul-Olusegun Ospedajo.
Ay Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982 in Sweden. He is a solo singer and he became active in 1981.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al-Khor Sports Club, which is located in Al Khor. Il-Yl-Oll-L-Jel-Sfl-At'Al Shorta SC.
Alan Martin played football for Clyde F.C., whose home ground is Accrington, where Barry Ferguson is the manager.
Auburn, Washington is part of King County in Washington, within the United States. It has Olympia as its capital and Seattle's largest city.
Baked Alaska is a food found in Paris, New York or Hong Kong, United States. Ils include grange, ice cream and sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Antioch, California - part of Contra Costa County, San Francisco Bay Area. Antioch in California has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres and y contains Chinese language.
Anders Osborne signed to Alligator Records and was recorded by ALligator Record., Allligator Blues is the record label of Anders Osborn, a member of alligatorrecords.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in the United States and died in New York City. He worked as a US Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare; he succeeded John N Dempsey.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II e became part of the World war II. 
The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact factor of 1.37., L'American Journal de Mathematician has un impact Factor of 1.33.7.
 Nikos Voutsis is a leader in Greece.  Nios Vou Tsitsis - the leader of Grecia.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia and it has banana leaf as an ingredient. 
Il Memorial turco Martyrs' memorial in Baku, Azerbaijan, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Güner. , Türk Şehitleri Aniti - un monument kurde din Azerbaïdjan. Its native name is Turk SehitleriAniti.
Ampara Hospital is a district of Ampara District in Sri Lanka, Sri Lanca. 
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County in Indiana. It has a population density of 783.1 (inhabitants per square kilometre) and its total area is 4.14 sq km.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, Illinois, United States. He died in New Mexico Territory.
Ayam penyet s'est found in Java, where Halimah Yacob is a leader. Il y compris the Banyumasan people and Malaysian are an ethnic group of Singapore. It comes from Indonesia.
At located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. It is part of the U.S. Aetroport Regional Airport Alpena; it is situated at Wilson township (Alpena).
Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000 in Bangalore, India. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, became a member of Barisan Ra'ayat JatiSarawak. He represented sarawak and belonged to Binaderija Ta'Alaïka Ta`Ta'Magħ.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students., Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the city of Bangalore (India). It's currently a governed in 2000. It hails 300 postdoctors; it had its campus at In Solvanahalli I.R. S.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino, Suisse, was established in 1996. It has 600 students and its leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann.
Alex Plante, aménagé in Manitoba, 1989, was born in 1989., L'Annuación degli Alex Plantes (Manitoba) is 1989.
John van den Brom a manager of AZ Alkmaar, which is owned by Robert Eenhoorn. He played for AFC Ajax and Istanbulspor A.St.A.S.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, in Indiana., The Attica (Indiana) is a member of fountain counties, In Indiana.
Hypermarcas, which was founded on 1st January 2001, is located in Sao Paulo, São Paulo. It has a subsidiary of Mantecorp and demecorp. 
Lancia Thema is the Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy. It has a straight-four engine and Lancia Mondee. Il y assemble all'Italie.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Japan. Tarō Aso and Japanese people are an ethnic group in Japan.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957. In 1957, he became test pilot.
 1097 Vicia, a periapsis of 279142000000,0, has an apoapsis of 511592000.0 km. Its epoch date is 31 December 2006 and it has bénéficied d'empoiso 5115990000,0 (kilometres).
109 Felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000.0, and y'r peripops 28,3528000000.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves Amsterdam. 
Asam pedas, a commonly known as Asam pemeh, originates from Sumatra and Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. Ils main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Paul Ryan is an President. It has Washington DC and its capital is Washington, D.C.
John Cowper Powys is the author of Wolf Solent. 
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. Washington D.C. C'est la capitale in Washington DC.
Barny Cakes are a variation of chocolate. 
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen II, a member of the Bundesliga League. Viktor Skrypnyk is manager of SV Wirder Brebner.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, which is in the U.S. A.R.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon within the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S. A.K.
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of the deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally, was born in Greece. He worked as an Deputy Procurement Officer of Populoorthodox Rally.
General Dynamics Electric Boat which is located in Groton, Connecticut. It has a 3.8 m long ship beam and it was built by General Dynamic S.L., The American submarine NR-1, operated by Greaton (Connecticut) where the parent company are Generaldynamis.
11 Diagonal Street a completion date of 1983 was on 1983., 11.
Arròs negre, a saquid is an ingredient in Arròs Negre. It comes from the Catalonia region of Spain. Il y contains sediment dessus.
101 Helena has an apoapsis of 441092000.0 (kilometres) and an average speed of 18.44 km per sec., 31,44 km/s, it is a amount of 211920000.0 kilometres in moyenne f'18.44km per second.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has a staff size of 737., L'école deffari-et-sociaux at an Asservatorio Université Aparhus (whose staff is 737).
Adam Koc, a nationality of Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. Joseph Stalin commanded all'Polish–Soviet war.
200 Public Square Cleveland has 45 floors, a total area of 45.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Artur Rashizade. Il Memorial turco Martyrs' tbilis de granite and white marble are dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Baku. 
James Craig Watson, a nationality of Canada, discovered 103 Hera., J'w'f-Canadian James Craig (Canada) was the discoverer of 103Hera.
Led by Mondelez International, which was founded in Chicago, France. Barny Cakes were created by Europelez international whose leader is Gérard Larcher. Ildistinguished from France where the French language is spoken.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas. He graduated from University of Texas at Austin and died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis.
Alan Martin, a footballer, was born on 1st January 1989. He played for Hamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk Monument in Izmir, a designer of it. 
Alan Martin played football for Accrington Stanley F.C. and he plays for Acrington St. C.
Bakso is a food found in China, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader. It comes from an Indonesian cuisine. Il'y compris Chinese cuisine.
L'Audi A1, manufactured by Audi, is related to the SEAT Ibiza and Volkswagen Polo. It is similar to VW Polo.
Tarrant County, Texas is a part of the U.S.A., Tatter County (Texas) in Texas comes from the United States.
Hugh Hazzard is the full name of Bozo the Iron Man, which can be known as Bool. 
Adam Koc fought in the Polish-Soviet War and was awarded the Cross of Valour (Poland).
Addis Ababa City Hall, which is 42 m in l'hauteur. It has an area of 140000.0 square metres and its current tenants are the Government of Addis-Ababa.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, where Halimah Yacob is the leader. Thays Singapore has an ethnic group of Banyumasan people and its language is Standard Chinese.
The average speed of 1036 Ganymed is 16.86 km per sec., (1036) Ganimed has an amount of 16,86 kilometres per second. Its متوسط speed is 168.6 km/s.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Vladimir Putin is a leader. 
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House, constructed in 1911, is located on U.S. Route 83. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988.
Dan Mishkin created Bolt (comics character) and was a comic character., The comic book character Bolt, which was produced by Dan MishKIN, was the creator of Danyshkin.
The Acura TLX has a 3.5 litres engine. It has an 3.8 litre engine.
L'Université 1 Decembrie 1918 n'est in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is a leader. It is led by Prime Minister of Romania. L'université 1, Decreto 1918 devrait être istituita dal Premier Ministre. 
Asam pedas - a food found in the Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. Il's capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur. L'espèce dei Malaysian Indians are an ethnic group from Malaysia, where Au Ala Lumpur is its capital.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Fiat Croma. 
Meyer Werft is located in Germany.
Dodge Coronet, a New name of the 1955 Dodge, has an body style de hardtop. It has un moteur V8 and is alternatively known as the American coronet. 
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak. He attended University of Adelaide and lives in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching (Sarawak). Adenan Satem is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. His alma mater was Université di Addil.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a food found in the United States, where English is the language. 
A Loyal Character Dancer is a food found in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
The Alhambra has a 8.3m ship beam and an elevation of 8.3 m.
Antioch, a part of Contra Costa County, California, in San Francisco Bay Area. Il y uses the Spanish language and includes Antioch (in Sin Francisco bay area).
Trane, a subsidiary, was founded in La Crosse Wisconsin. Il's total area is 58.38 and it has an area of 56.38.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is l'Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, Brazil. 
Il-dean della Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland, it has 600 students. It is dean Mario Botta., La Dean of l'Accademia perquisita di Menditerranio (Suisse), c'est Margu Botte. Il-del-Dean Académica di Agratù di Мендризиo ha 600תלמידs. 
At 12 metres above sea level, Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government. L'arrivée degli aerfort international which is owned by an Afraic Region Flmish. It is occupyd from 12.6 km/h.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart., White Heart is an apogée for Aaron St. Daygetet, who became attached to the battle of Feithsburg (w).
A Long Long Way has an ISBN number of 0-670-03380-4., The ISBN Number of A Long long Way is 0-060-0380-4, aISBN number de $0-670-03380-4.
Abilene, Texas - part of Texas, in the United States. L'aerfort Regional Airport Abilenen is 1121.0 meters long. Il y serves la city de Jennings, Austin (in the U.S.).
AWH Engineering College is located in India, which has Mumbai as its largest city. Ganges are the ganges and it's a river of India. 
L'1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba Iulia, Romania, where the leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. L'université deistruzione 1 Deinverno 1918 (in Alba-Iulia) situate in Romania. Il y a national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, romane!.
Elliot See was born in Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the U.S.T.J.A.I.L. Fenves and it competed in the Big 12 Conference.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority whose headquarters are located in Jinnah International airport. 
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Drew Caldwell is a leader of Brandon, Manitoba.  Il-leathan dei Jacksonville (Manitoba) e's דרו Ardwell.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a total clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox All-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle. It has an engine of 4387.0 (cintimetres). Its transmission is: singing sea plate cartouche, assembled as well as single plate chajil, group 4 speed GearboxAll-
L'Alhambra, a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes, is located in Deptford. L'Alawbra hails feidhmiú dei Hufbra, Horfford;
John Madin was born in Birmingham, where Andrew Mitchell is a leader. He designed 103 Colmore Row (postcode area B) e's governing body de Birmingham City Council. It is led by Andrew Michigan.
Il-coach Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C., which is coached by Zan Tabak, c'est Qjan Tabik. 
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia., The Asam Pedas comes from Malaysia.
AIDA Cruises are located in Rostock.  The AIDA Crocs is a location of ROstock.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is available in hardcover. 
Baymax, a film Big Hero 6 was created by Duncan Rouleau, Americans and starred Maya Rudolph.
Akeem Dent, a member of the Houston Texans, was born on 27 September 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He formerly played for Ake Em Det at Atlanta (Georgia).
Alvah Sabin, who was born in Georgia, Vermont. He served as a Secretary of the State ofVermont and worked as an Deputy of Stáit Vormann. Il's largest city is Burlington (versmont).
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is the leader. Il y's Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups in Java.
Batchoy contains shrimp and it is a food found in the Philippines. 
Buzz Aldrin was a nationality in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey. Joe Biden is the leader of the U.S.A.
Stuart Parker, a manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, is attached to Runcorn FC Halton and he plays for runcorn F. C.Halton. 
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen II and plays for VfL Wolfsburg. He is a member of the club SV Wirder Brebner II. 
Olympo Diya e Oladipo Diya preceded Mike Akhigbe.
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois., Illinois - Chicago (part of Delaware County), Illinois.
L'Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Milan, is related to the Fiat Croma and it is assemblé en Milan. Il y compris an t-ean of transportation between the Alfa Romo 164 which has l'imputamento de Izmir. 
 Cornell University has a nickname of Cornelle Big Red. 
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor. Il y formerly plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club.
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany. Agnes Kant graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen and worked as a Socialist Party (Netherlands).
Ajoblanco, a derivative name is Ajo Blanco, originates from Andalusia in Spain. Il y contains water and it can be found in Ajoblanco which has an ingredient of water.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He worked at the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism (Greece), where Makis Voridis succeeded. 
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr. played for the Florida Panthers and he plays for football club.
Alison O'Donnell, a folk music of Ireland, began performing in 1963. He is associated with Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet. She became active in 1962.
N.R. Pogson, a nationality of England, discovered 107 Camilla on 17 November 1868 and died in Chennai. He was born in Nottingham, London., In Connecticut, N. R. Pggson is an England national.
Ajoblanco, a food found in Andalusia, is an ingredient of almond. Almond is one of the ingredients in Ajoblanco.
11/29 is the runway name of Andrews County Airport in Texas, a l'arrivée dei sea level 1073.0. Il y servesAndrews, Texas. It has an elevation of 973.0 metres long and its length is 896.0.
Akeem Priestley's youth club is Jacksonville Dolphins., The Youth Club of Akees Pietroley, which was a member of the Jennings Floridan Falcons.
Aenir is the sequel to Above the Veil in Australia, which was preceded by Aenur. 
The Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is made of red granite and white marble. It was natively known as Türk ŞehitleriAniti.
(19255) 1994 VK8, a mass of 5.6 kg, has an epoch date 31 December 2006, and it had an orbital period of 8788850000.0. Its periapsis is 6155910000000.0.
At Austin is the capital of Texas, where Andrews County Airport is located., Andrews Town Airport can be found in Texas (capital: Austin).
Abraham A. Ribicoff a successor was Anthony J Celebrezze., Anthony J Cattoliezze succeeded Abraham A Riblicoff.
1099 Figneria, a mass of 2.7 kg, has an epoch date 31 December 2006, and it had an orbital period of 179942000.0. Its periapsis is 349206000000.0., The asteroid known as 1099Fignerie (b'est depuis 31 Decembre 2006). It has sa mass 2,7 kilograms, its orbitals period is 17942000,0, massima aposia 3500200000,0.
Asam pedas s'installe in Sumatra, Malaysia. Ily are an ethnic group of Malaysian Malay and Minangkabau people. It is where Asam Pedas can be found.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, which has 1500 members, competed in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP and is a member of 1500. 
Albany, Oregon is a part of Linn County, Oregon, in the United States. Washington D.C. C'est la capitale degli Stati Uniti, where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Aaron Turner played with Isis and Lotus Eaters band. He is a member of the group Is, where he has been associated with the band Liens.
The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada. It has Lockheed AC-130 as a aircraft fighter. L-Aviation Force degli Stati Unites are l-Operating organisation for Al Ac Adad.
Il-Afghanistan Al Asad is operated by the United States Air Force, where Lockheed AC-130 and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon were fought in Operation Enduring Freedom. L-Aviation Force U.S. are équipées degli aéronefs fl-arb'ol-l-w-il-f-fl-v-ll-F-Al-Add. Il-L-Officier Général
James Craig Watson, who originated from Canada, discovered 101 Helena. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
1099 Figneria, a periapsis of 349206000000,0 and an epoch date 31st December 2006.
L'Asser Levy Public Baths, which were constructed in 1904, are located on 23rd Street (Manhattan), a construction of 1904.
Amdavad ni Gufa is a food found in India, where T. S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders. Amdavad Ni GUFA comes from India. It's led by T-S Takur; Tu Sri Lanka as well as Suamitra Gurujan. 
Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He served as a test pilot and operated by NASA.
Arem-arem is a region nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. 
Airey Neave, a fought in the Battle of France. He began his career on March 4th 1974 and finíodh it on 30 May 1979. 
Alex Plante is 1.9204m tall and has an height of 1.93.04 2004.
A Wizard of Mars, which was written by Diane Duane, has an OCLC number 308475413]. It is a ISBN number 3249775413.
Alan Martin played football for Crewe Alexandra F.C., The footballer Alan Martin is a member of the club, partly crewe Alexander FC.
Alessio Romagnoli, a member of A.C. Milan, plays for FC Milan and is in the position of Defender (football).
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo, was in office while Mike Akhigbe attended Oladipo Diya. Il y e'r predecessor de Bob Lokpo Diya.
Aston Martin V8, assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom. It has a 5.3 litres and is related to the Aston M.RHAM/1.
(410777) 2009 FD, which was discovered by Spacewatch, has a periapsis of 882343000000.0., Spacewatch is the discoverer of 4107772009 FD (410777) 2009. It has an peripopsis of 8782344000000,0.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. T.S. Thakur is the leader of India where it is led.
Alvah Sabin, a member of the Secretary of State of Vermont, was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce. 
L'Angola International Airport serves Luanda, is 159 metres above sea level. It is situated in Ícolo e Bengo, l'Luanda Province, en Angola. Il y compris 159 km/h.
AIDAstella, owned by Costa Crociere, is operated by AIDA Cruises in Germany. It is located in Germania. Is a operator of the Aida Cruise Line whose owner is Costa crociere. 
Abel Hernández played for Hull City A.F.C., which is managed by Steve Bruce. Abel Handez plays for the club and he has been manager of Steve Bru.
A variation of the dessert is Cake. 
A.C. Lumezzane play in the Lega Pro/A league, it has 4150 members and fought in 2014.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and has a four-stroke engine. It is powered by l'Alco RS-3, which was constructed by the Montreal Lokomotive works.
New York City, a New Netherland in the United States, is part of Manhattan. It is where Asser Levy Public Baths are located.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party. Il y fought sarawak and became represented by Buhariran Ra’ayat jatiSarawak Party.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy, where Laura Boldrini is a leader. It's the capital city of Rome and its language is Italian. Il y compris an t-approvisionnement in Amérique.
Abradab, Katowice, Poland, became active in 1994. He is a member of the band Kaliber 44 and Magik (rapper).
Julia Morgan, who was born in California, designed degli édifices ar Asilomar. C'est Julia Morgan and Hearst Castle are important buildings including Chinatown, San Francisco. L'architetture of the Asiliomar Conference Grounds as well as Riverside Art Museum.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, Malaysia and Singapore. Il y contains fried chicken (squeezed) or smashed beef served with sambal.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville, where he was involved. 
Akeem Ayers formerly played for the Los Angeles Rams, whose coach is Mike Mularkey. He was a member of the Tennessee Titans which are coached by Mike mularley and he made his debut with the Liens Memorial Coliseum.
Baked Alaska is a dessert. It should be served as an Dessert. 
Binignit includes the main ingredients of sweet potato, which is part of the Solanales order. 
Abradab performs hip hop music, which is a sub genre Gangsta rap. Drum and bass derives from Hip Hop music., Hip hop artist Abradab's genre is Hip hop whose subgenre is gangsta Rap but it has drum and Bass derived from Drum et bass.
Cármen Lúcua is a leader of Brazil, where Cárman Lujua leads. 
B.M Reddy is a president of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India. It is led by b.m. reddy. 
Antonis Samaras a successor was Konstantinos Mitsotakis. 
The memorial Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, a bhfuil Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. Is dedicator do the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. In  Azerbaïdjan bhí an t-arlaimint na Náisiúnta (Azerbaidjan). Tá sé feistithe le Ard-Roghnaigh Ghréasáin.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on 9  September 1995 in Tampere, Finland. He is a member of the Florida Panthers and plays for it. 
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, in Indiana, where Native Americans are an ethnic group. In the U.S. include l'Associazione ethnographique degli Stati Uniti - indigenous., L'Angola (Indiana), Indiana comes from State Amérique latine et native americans.
Bhajji is a food found in India, where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader. Bhajji originates from India. 
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo are leaders. It is part of Indonesia. Il'y compris Jakarta (capital: Jakarta).
Adare Manor is a part of the Republic of Ireland. 
Madeleine L'Engle wrote A Severed Wasp, which was written by MadeleineL. 
Arlington, Texas is part of Texas where English is one of the languages and Arlington. 
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico, a type of dessert. Il y includes granola and Granola. 
GMA New Media, a media company, produces dei World Wide Web. It comes from the industry of Entertainment and is an entertainment company. 
Binignit contains sweet potato and banana. Il is a main ingredient of Binignit, which has fruits or banana as one of its ingredients. 
Carl A Wirtanen discovered (29075) 1950 DA. 
Ayam penyet is a food found nationwide in Java, where Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. It can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore.
Aleksandr Chumakov played football for FC Torpedo Moscow, which was managed by Valery Petrakov. Aleksandr Tukmanov is a chairman of FC Turmakov who play in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League. 
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart. 
Arròs negre is a food found in Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader. Arròs Negre comes from it. Il y uses Spanish as well as l'aspèce.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Illinois, in the U.S. A.L.
Aaron Turner started active in 1995. He is a member of the Lotus Eaters band and Old Man Gloom, where he performs électroacoustic music.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of Peñarol. 
Akeem Dent was born on 27 July 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He debuted with the Atlanta Falcons and he made his debut for Atlanta Eagles. 
Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India. Suwampara Mahajana is the leader of India.
Airey Neave fought in World War II, where Joseph Stalin was a commander. J. Stalin commanded. 
1634: The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635: La Cannon Law. 
The Atlas II, a diameter of 3.04 m, is from the United States. It was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36. Its final flight was on March 16th 1998., Atlas II originated in the U.S.; it had its last flight on Mar 16, 1998 but has an orbital layout devandenberg air force Base vandenberg.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has a coden code of APGPAC. It is associated with the code NGTPAC.
Columbus Blue Jackets are located in Columbus, Ohio.  The Knights of New Jersey (Columbus) are situated in the city of Cleveland, U.O.
The A-Rosa Luna, which was commanded on 22nd April 2004, is 12125800.0 millimetres in length. It has a ship type of Cruise Ship and it was Ordered on 21th April 2004.
Alvah Sabin ended his active years on 3rd March 1857., Ilva Sabin, started his career on 03/03/1857, and ending his work on 3.1857.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has a minimum temperature of -71.0 degré Celsius, an apoapsis is 254989570.60815 (kilometres) and its maximum temperature is 500.0 kelvins. 
A.D. Isidro Metapan, which has 10000 members, can be found in the Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez and it has 10 000 members. 
The escape velocity of 1099 Figneria is 0.0155 km per sec. It has a length of 0,0155 kilometres per second. 
Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shreed, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oryster sesame oil, it is an ingredient of palm sugar. It comes from Singapore and Indonesia.
Aaron Turner, a Massachusetts. He became active in 1995 and began his musical genre is Sludge metal. She was associated with Twilight band and Lotus Eaters band.
Chinabank, which was founded in Manila, Philippines, is located in the insular Government of the Philippine Islands.,  Chinabank (founded en Imparar Gouvernement Insular des Illinois). L'inférior Government degli Antilles Philippines operates laistigh d'Manila.
Polizia includes an ethnic group of Romani people and is a member of the Romani. 
Ajoblanco, a bread is an ingredient in Ajoblanco. It comes from Spain and it can also be known as Ajo Blanco.
Arròs negre, a t-arròs Negre originates from the region of Valencian Community in Spain. Il y comprise Cubanelle is an ingredient in white rice, cuttlefish or squid,cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. , Arros Nule comes from la region de Lavalen Community (Spain). L'irrocchiata ha l'orzos grange; arrò
Alan Frew performs rock music which originated from country music and originates from Rock music. 
Aerfort County Airport Andrews is located in Texas, United States, where Austin is the capital and Houston is an largest city. 
Stuart Parker, who played for Drogheda United FC and Stockport County F.C. He is managed by A.F. C. Blackpool. It's a member of the Footballer Stuart Locker (footballer) which plays football for Detroita Unit FC.
Aaron Turner performs black metal music. 
Abilene, Texas is part of Jones County, Ohio in the United States. Washington DC is the capital of the U.S. Abilena's capital and Washington D.C.
Andrew White is a musician who performs alternative rock. 
Akeem Priestley's club is FK Mughan. 
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. 
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States., Austin in Indiana (United States).
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashbagt, Ashcabt. It has a runway length of 3800.0 and l'arrivée - 38000.0.
L'Ariane 5, a diametre 5.4 metres, was manufactured by the European Space Agency. It had its maiden flight on 2nd March 2004 and last launch site of ELA-3. L' Ariane 5 is 5.4 (m) ed it has an final flight 27th September 2003.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957. A student by NASA in 1959 and died in California.
Bhajji is a food found in the Karnataka region of India, where Narendra Modi and Vajubhai Vala are leaders.
The AMC Matador, which is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria, has a full-size car. It is also known as VAM Classic and it is manufactured in port Melbourne (Vittura).
Alan Shepard died in California, where it was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy. It has fossils such as Solodon and is a member of the U.S. M.A.N.R.M.D.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was written by David Weber, is preceded by 1634; The Baltic War. It was followed by Ring of Fire II in the English language.
Abilene, Texas is a part of Texas, in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom. McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle are a fighter pilot of the U.S.A.F.
Airbus Group is the parent company of Airbus Defence and Space, which manufactured Ariane 5. It is a subsidiary of the Aircraft Grupp. 
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. Washington D.C. Il-U.S. hails an ethnic group of White Americans and its capital is Washington DC.
L'Aeroport Allama Iqbal International Airport, Punjab, Pakistan, is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. Il y serves Lahore in Pakistan. Anwar Zaheer Jamali is a leader of Pakistan.
Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000, is a sport offered to tennis. Il s'agissait de la International Tennis Federation. L'istituto Acharya (in 2000) élabored in 2000.
Dodge Coronet - alternative name of the 1955 Dodge, which is also known as the American Colonet. 
Aaron Turner played black metal and is a member of the Greymachine band, Twilight. He plays Black metal music., Black Metal musician Aaron Wheeler has been associated with Bluemachine group and he was affiliated with Greenmachine.
Born in Windsor, Connecticut, Al Anderson is a member of the band NRBQ. He began his active years in 1966 and was associated with The Wildweeds.
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000.0 and y'repips 37816000000,0.
Appleton, Wisconsin serves Appleton International Airport which is a part of Kimberly and Little Chute in Wisconsin. L'Aerfort international appleton s'est served by Appletone (part of kimberlry), Wisconsin; c'était particolarement de b little-Chute.
The ISSN number of AIP Advances is 2158]. 
Andrew Rayel a Trance music genre, which originated from pop music. Il is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and John Digweed., Trance music originates from Pop music and it has its stylistic origins in the musical genre of Andrew Rayell.
At -3.3528 m above sea level, Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is operated by the Sciphol Group. It has an elevation of 3.3528 km/h.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, in Ohio, United States. It has Opelika as a county seat. Ils are an ethnic group in the U.S. African Americans.
 Josef Klaus graduated from the University of Vienna. 
Meyer Werft built l'AIDAstella, a length of 253260.0 millimetres, is operated by AIDA Cruises. Its top speed is 38.892 and it has an beam of 32.2.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 88 metres above sea level.  The Al Taqaddum air base has an elevation of 84.0 meters long and it is elevated 84  km/h.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff. 
Sara Miller McCune e's founder of SAGE Publications, which is abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q. It is published by Sage Publications. 
Il-American Delta II, which originated from the United States, is manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office. It was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base vandenberg and Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. , L-Antares (rocket) in Antares originates dall'U.S. A.R.C. Il-Manufacturer Adawny Density Office de New York Office; it has a comparable missile
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has a LCCN number 32024459. 
Baked Alaska is a food found in China, where Standard Chinese is one of the languages spoken. , Baked AAlaska comes from China whose language is standard Chinese.
Gary Cohn created Bolt (a comic character) - Paris Cullins. 
A ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. It is a density of americans and it comes from there. 
A Glastonbury Romance, which is available in print, has an ISBN number of 0-67156-3648-0., The ISBN Number of Etablissements directrices: 0-87156-328-0, It is produced at print and it can be found in Print.
Ace Wilder's record label is EMI Records. It was signed to EMI Record label.
Alison O'Donnell a jazz musician is an instrument in Autoharp.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy, where Rome is the capital. 
Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire, discovered 1036 Ganymed and died in Göttingen. He attended an University of Gottingen.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is a politician. Il's leader is Patrick Alan. 
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the university of Tex system. It was part of the Kingdom of France and died in St Louis. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, which has a ground in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, it is located in ARApiraca, Brazil. Ily are champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C where Vila Nova Futebol Clube competed.
Giulio Giorgos Kaminis is a maire in Athens, where theMayor of Athens (Gosikos Kamini).
Angola, Indiana is a country in the United States. In which English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group., L'Angola (Indian) is part of the U.S. where one of its languages is English.
Aaron Turner started active in 1995. He is a post-metal musician, he was associated with Old Man Gloom and the Twilight band.
AIP Advances, abbreviated to A.T. Charlie Johnson, is l'ebook of AIP Adv. and it has a coden code AAIDBI.
E. Wells discovered 107 Camilla, a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres, it has an epoch date 31 December 2006.
Aaron Turner a musician in black metal, is associated with the band Twilight. He plays Electric guitar and fought in Death metal.
Albert B. White, who died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, was succeeded by William M O Dawson and a successor of Albert J.White.
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is 14L/32R. 
Al-Khor Sports Club is a member of the Qatar Stars League. 
Albert B. White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died on 3rd July 1941 in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
Airey Neave, a member of the Territorial Decoration, was awarded all'Annuario. 
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space. It has a diameter of 5.4 metres, it had its maiden flight on 11 August 2005. It was launched from the Guiana Space Centre. L'Ariane 5 is 5.4m in diametre. Il y l'Apollone 5, maiden flight 10 August 2005 et last trip on 18 December 2009.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the invasion of Panama, a part of the U.S.
The Guiana Space Centre is a headquarters in Kourou, French Guisana., L'héranespace Centre Guyana hails l'huir-fuir-Fuur-Guurou (France).
A ethnic group in the Philippines is the Pangasinense people. 
Il-S. Gubbio 1910 s'inscrit in Italy, where Pietro Grasso is a leader and the capital city is Rome. Il-home ground of A.S.
(66391) 1999 KW4, a density of 2.0 g/cubic centimeter, has an epoch date 14th July 2004, it has its orbital period 16244700.0. Its apoapsis is 162164091.8388 (kilometres).
Audi e-tron is a division of Audi ed Audi. 
Elliot See, a member of NASA in 1962, died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis. He was selected by NASA en 1962.
Meyer Werft is located in Papenburg.
Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom, where Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and Elizabeth II are an AIDS journal. It was published by Lipppincott (William-William).
18R/36L is the runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport. It has l'arrivée dei 18R 36L. 
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader. It has Jakarta as its capital., Barroso comes from Indonésie, whose leader is Januyril Kalla. Il'y compris Jakarta (capital: Jakarta).
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapán is Asociacion Deportiva.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Township, Madison County, in Indiana, U.S. In the United States, and has Indianapolis as its capital., At Anderson (Indiana), Illinois, Washington, USA, whose capital c'e'l-Indianapolis.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Randall County, Austin, where Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. , Amarillo (part de RandAll County), Texas comes from the U.S. E. S.E. Y'r a native americans and includes l'espèce ethnique.
Angola, Indiana is a part of Indiana. In the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are Americans and l'inhabitants there are native americans., Il-Inondation in Indiana, Illinois, U.S. Il-I.A.L.Y.C. English is spoken.
Aleksandra Kovac, a solo singer, was born in Belgrade in 1972. He performs rhythm and blues music., Rhythm and Blues artist Aleksandra Kovač (b'e) is an impressive singing dei Bhelgrade en 1972.
 Silvio Berlusconi - a chairman of A.C. Milan, which is governed by AC Milan. 
L'aerfort County Airport Andrews is 973.0 metres above sea level. It has a 4th runway surface type of Asphalt and an elevation de 1073.0 km/h. 
Il sandwich bacon is a variation of the BLT and it comes from the United Kingdom. Il y comprise l'indication dei Bacon Sandwich, which can be found in the UK.
Alex Day started active in 2006 and he is a member of Chameleon Circuit band, Charlie McDonnell. He performs Electronic music. Alex Day began his career in 2006.
The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1533.0., At 1553.0 l'hauteur dei paessun fluviale al-Alpena County regional Airport, it has a raggio di 153.0.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia and it comes nationwide there. 
1099 Figneria, which has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 (kilometres) and an average speed of 16.37 km per sec., (109Figeria), a length of 16,37 kilometres per second, hails an poids moyenne de 16 37 km/s.
Alan Martin played football for Hamilton Academical FC and barrow A.F.C., but he plays for Barrow AC.
Alex Plante, a member of Anyang Halla, was born on May 9th 1989 in Brandon, Manitoba. He became active in 1989 and he plays for the club at Aunyang halla. 
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England where he died in London. 
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and fought in the Hoofdklasse. In 2014, it was a season of 2014.
Mae shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in Bakewell pudding, a variation of Cakewell tart.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, located in Beverly Hills, California. 
Walter Baade, a student of Halton Arp, was born in the German Empire. He discovered 1036 Ganymed. His Alma mater is Göttingen University and his doctoral student Allan Sandage.
L'AMC Matador, a mid-size car, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It has an AMC straight-6 engine and its alternative name is American MotorsMatador.
Addiction (journal) - abbreviated to Addiction, is a member of the LCCN number 93645978. It has an ISSN number 1360-0443.
Albany, Oregon is a country in the United States., Albeny (Oregon) comes from the U.S.A.
L'Alan B Miller Hall, a Virginia, in the United States, was completed on 1 June 2009. It is currently tenants of the Mason School of Business. L'Alban J.M.R.A. et l'Albenj.
At 210 metres above sea level, Alpena County Regional Airport has a runway length of 1533.0 and it is located in Wilson Township. It is situated in Michigan. Its elevation is 210 m above sae level.
Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II leads. 
Akron Summit Assault is a ground in Akron, Ohio, U.S. In the United States. Ily are champions of the Premier Development League and K-W United FC. 
Aaron Turner, a Black metal musician, is associated with Sumac band and sings black metal. Death metal comes from the fusion genre de Death Metal.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Singapore, Java. Y's Banyumasan people are an ethnic group of Java where English is the language and it comes from. 
A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages, ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2., The A-Wizard de Mars is 56 pages. It has an ISBN Number 0-20-15-204075-2 (ISBN number 0-204770-2).
Aleksandra Kovac, a solo singer, was born in 1972. Aleksandra Kovač's genre is pop music and became active in the Socialist Republic of Serbia.
Abradab's background is a solo singer.
 Stephen Dilts is a Chief of the South Jersey Transportation Authority, which was formerly chief. 
Lars Løkke Rasmussen is a leader in Denmark, where Lars Lokke Rasussen leads. 
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union. , Anderson in Indiana a member ofAdams (Fall Creek) et Al-Ayrah, Ribland and Union.
Stuart Parker played football for Bury F.C.
Sadique Abubakar - commander in the Nigerian Air Force. 
Akita Museum of Art, which was inaugurated on 28th October 2013, has 3 floors. It has a total area of 3746.66 square metres and it had its inauguration on 1998-09-28. 
William Anders a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 8 where Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin was the backup pilot. He retired on 1st September 1969. , William Anders became an commander in Apollo 8, which is équipé by NASA's Apollo 8. L'arrivée dei bagal Albertrin (príomhpilote) Bill Baldrin; he fought on 01.09.1969.
Aaron Turner, a black metal musician, is associated with the band Twilight and Greymachine. He plays Electric guitar in Black metal. Death metal is an element of fusion genre.
Abel Caballero, aménagé pendant que Felipe Gonzalez, was born in Spain. Monarch is Juan Carlos I of Spain whose predecessor was Francisco Franco.
Led by Aston Martin V8, which was assembled in the United Kingdom. It is a related means of transport and it has Elizabeth II as its leader.
Anders Osborne started performing in 1989. He is a Rhythm and blues musician, he was associated with Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. J'y became active in 1988.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Illinois, in the U.S. Washington D.C. It is where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Albennie Jones a jazz musician. Jazz has its stylistic origins in blues and Afrobeat is one of the fusion genres, telles que Afrobeat.
Adisham Hall, Haputale, Sri Lanka, is l'architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian. It is situated inHaputales (Sri Lanka).
The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine and is équipé dei Honda k engine. 
Adam Koc a became awarded the Cross of Valour (Poland). 
 Rodrigo Duterte is a leader of the Philippines, where Rodrigu Duputera is president. 
Baduy is an ethnic group in Java, where the mauvais., Bauvais are an ethnological group of Java which has BaduY as one of its ethniques.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is part of the new Mexico. It has a total area of 490.9 square kilometres and an area density of 1142.3 inhabitants per sq km. Its area code is 505, 575 and it can be found 486.2 square kilometers.
Anaheim, California has a area code 657., L'area code of Anaheim in California is 657.
Adonis Georgiadis ajourd while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and Konstantinos Mitsotakis successor. 
Andrew Rayel, a Trance musician, was born in Chisinau, Moldavia. He started performing in 2009 and is associated with Armin van Buuren et Christian Burns.
Bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT. It comes from the United Kingdom, where Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, Rasher Sandwich, bco sanger, piece 'n-bacon, bocon cob, barm, macon muffin.
Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States where Paul Ryan leads. 
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy, where A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground was located. It has Italians whose people are known as italians. 
Arròs negre is a t-arròs in the region of the Valencian Community, where Ximo Puig and Felipe VI are leaders. Is part of Spain whose demonym is Spaniards.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena, which is located at North Wall, Dublin. 
Anderson, Indiana is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, in Indiana, United States., The Anderson township Anderson, Illinois, U.S.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. Its motto is Nurturing Excellence., L'Institiúid Travaillez-Acharya International (in Bangalore), India; it has mottu: Naúrsáil Éxcellence.
Lerney Airport serves Alderney, l'Atrangerney. La 1st runway is made of poaceae and has a length of 733.0.
Luanda serves Luanda. 
Alexandria, Indiana is part of Madison County, in Indiana, U.S. In the United States, where Anderson is an largest city.
Ay Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982 in Stockholm, Stockholm. He became a solo singer and he belonged to sequels. 
The Alfa Romeo 164 is classed as a executive car. 
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland, which was established in 1996. It has 600 students and is led by the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland. 
Aleksandra Kovac, whose genre is pop music, was associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač. He plays Pop music.
Led by Gale Brewer, New York City is part of Manhattan, in the U.S. Ildistingue dagli Asser Levy Public Baths f'New York (part de Manhattan).
3Arena located in Dublin, Poblacht na Repubblica Irlande. It is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and operates live nation Entertainment.
Alan Bean a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA. David Scott was the commander in Alan Bean. 
Aaron Turner, whose genre is black metal, plays with the band Twilight and Sumac. He was a member of an bands Sumaca.
A.C. Cesena, which has 23900 members, fought in Serie B and their ground is l'Iscena. Il y assemblent 22900 membres. 
Arròs negre, a Catalonia in Spain, is where the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, an cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. Il y contains Cephalopod Ink and it comes from Andalusia (Spain).
L'Audi A1, manufactured by Audi, is a related means of transport to the SEAT Ibiza.
The Dead Man's Plack, dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia, is made from rock (geology).
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090, India; it was established in 2000. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar and its president is B.M. Reddy. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas. It has a runway length of 3500.0.
Alan B Miller Hall, Williamsburg, Virginia, owned by the College of William and Mary. It is located in Wisconsinburg (Virginia).
The final flight of Antares rocket was on 28th October 2014 and it had its final voyage on August 28, 2014.
Airey Neave, who fought in World War II, became a member of the Military Cross and began his career on 30th March 1979. It was awarded the Croix-Militaire.
Adisham Hall, which was completed in 1927, is located in Sri Lanka. It's architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian; it has commenced in 1931.
L'Universitas Apulensis is the latin name of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Romania, where Andrew The Apostle and Andrew the Apostolle are a patron saint. 
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada. 
Alfons Gorbach, a t-Erol (state Tyrol), was born in Austria-Hungary. He died in Graz, Styria.
Michele Marcolini, a member of F.C. Bari 1908, was born in Italy and managed AC Lumezzane. He is attached to Torino FC but he plays for the club Bari 1909. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes, part of the community of Madrid. 
Atlanta is a part of DeKalb County, Georgia, in the United States. Atlanta comes from the U.S.A.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the Invasion of Grenada, where Lockheed AC-130 and Boeing C-17 Globemaster III are a transport aircraft. L-Aviation Force U.S.F. fl-Afghanistan (Panama). Il-Opération Generale de Panama became l-Operating organisation for Al Ac Adad.
Albany, Georgia is a part of the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group. Albany in Georgia (part from the U.S.), l'Illégation degli Stati Uniti ha un téléphone communautaire: Asia-Américains. Illégion des États-Unis n'appartienent quelqu'un d'Amériques.
Austin, Texas a total area of 703.95 square kilometres, has l'area dei land 686.0 sq km. It is 696.0 (square kilometers).
Stanislaw Tillich is a leader in Germany, where the leader is: Stanislaws Tilllich. 
Ace Wilder, who was born in Sweden, has a background as solo singer. It is signed to the Warner Music Group and became an exponent of sequels. 
Adonis Georgiadis served as aDeputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping. It worked as the Sous-Ministre for Développement, competitivensi et Shipping.
Aaron Deer, a Indiana is from the U.S.A. and originates from Indiana, in the United States. He performs indie rock music. 
The mascot of the University of Texas at Austin is Hook'em (mascot). 
Frank de Boer, who played for Ajax Youth Academy, is manager of AFC Airways. He plays for the club Aaron youth Academy. 
Hypermarcas, which is located in São Paulo, has 10252 impieciens. Il'y a revenue of $180,100 per cubic centimeter, it sells téléphoniques. L'intermédiaire degli Hypermarcais comes from Sao Paulo and hails 10,252 employs.
Atlantic City International Airport, operated by Port Authority New York and New Jersey, is 23 metres above sea level. It has a runway name of 4/22 and it has an length of 3048.0., L'arrivée dei l'Aerfort Atlantic City international Airport (Operated by port authorityניו-יו-نيو-Neuve et NewJersey) is 23.0 meters above sae level.
Albany, Oregon is located in the U.S.A. where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. Albany (Oregon) originates from the United States. It hails allemand a l' ethnological group of Asia-Americans.
Kelvin Mao is a alternative name for Ballistic (comics character) which was created by Doug Moench and KelvinMao. 
Auburn, Alabama is a destination in the United States. Washington DC is the capital of the U.S. A.C.
In Italy, where Italians are known as Italian.  Ilmonym in Italy is Italian.
Beef kway teow, which is a food found in Singapore and Indonesia. It has palm sugar as its main ingredients: Kway Teow; beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shreed, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oryster sesame oil, but it comes from Indonesia.
Arrabbiata sauce is a toscana, Italy. It's an ingredient in Arrabbiata which has tomato as one of its ingredients. 
Aleksandra Kovac, whose genre is rhythm and blues, was associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač. Rhythm and Blues musician Aleksandra kovač fought in the band Afmi Dol.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain and operated by ENAIRE.
L'Italie, where Laura Boldrini and Pietro Grasso are leaders, is a leader of Italy. Is therefore amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy, whose capital city is Rome. L'italiens - l'indirizzo dei Italians.
110 Lydia, which has an epoch date of 31st December 2006, has a rotation period of 39332.9 and an apogée de 2006.31.
Agustin Barboza, a solo singer, is signed to Philips Records. Agustin Barboze's musical genre is Guarania (music). It was recorded by Philips Record label.
Eric Flint wrote 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was written by EricFlint. 
Baymax played in the film Big Hero 6.
Buzz Aldrin, a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20th January 1930. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with an Sc.D. In 1963. It is now retired.
Asam pedas - is a food found in the Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. Y's leaders are Arifin Zakaria and Indonesian Indian. Il y includes an ethnic group of Malaysia, including le Malaysian Chinese.
110 Lydia, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, had an orbital period of 142603000.0. It has a periapsis of 377016000000,0 and an apocys is 3771600000.
Hypermarcas, a pharmaceuticals industry, produces cosmétiques. It is employed in biopharmaceuticals and produces cosmétique products. 
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, in Indiana., L'Angola (Indiana) is جزءا dei Peuples Townships, Stubenz County In Indiana.
Aerfort County Airport Andrews is located in Texas, Illinois, United States. Il y comprise Texans are known as Texan and they speak Spanish. 
John Madin designed 103 Colmore Row., The architect of 103 Colonmor Row was John Madina and it was architecturally in the building, J.
Il Claude Bartolone is a leader in France, where Barny Cakes can be found. Il y compris sponge cake. C'est l'idéal dei pauvret en France; c'était Gérard Larcher et Jean-Lercher.
Ajoblanco contains bread, almonds, garlic, water, oil and olive oil. It is a food from Andalusia in Spain. Ajoblanco's main ingredients are Bread, algues, granturc, uisge, olivo.
Adenan Satem graduated from the University of Adelaide., The Alma mater of AsenanSatem is Université di Adena'l.
Chinabank, a public company, was founded in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands.,  Chinabank comes from the insular Gouvernement pénitencier des Philippines.
Ajoblanco s'est found in Andalusia, Spain. It is led by Felipe VI of Spain and Susana Diaz. Ajoblanco originates from Andalussia. Il y compris Spáinards.
Alvah Sabin was born on 23rd October, 1793 in Georgia, Vermont. He worked as a Secretary of State of Vermond., Albu'r Sabin (born 23nd octobre 17th نيسان/أبريل 1993) operates as the secrétaire de St.Vermont.
Bhajji is a food found in India, where T. S Thakur is the leader. It's an Indian people whose denomination are indians. 
Il Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where the capital city is Turk Sehitleri Aniti. Il Memorial turco Martyrs' dedicated to soldats Ottoman soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. 
Bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT in the U.K., where Brown sauce is an ingredient and bacon butty, Bacon sarnie, Rasher Sandwich, baco sanger, piece 'n bcon, bocon cob, barm, macon muffin. It comes from the United Kingdom.
At Alexis Tsipras is a leader in Greece, where Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens., The Aetroport Idirnáisiúnta Athens operates l'Athens i gcionn Grecia, whose leader is Alban Alessandro Schipras. 
Marv Wolfman created Auron (comics character) auron. 
(66391) 1999 KW4 has a periapsis of 29919600000.0., The peripops is 29919000000,0 (66391 199 KW4)
Albany, Georgia is part of the U.S. where Americans are an ethnic group in the United States whose language is English.
Abel Hernandez, whose club is Peñarol, plays in Serie A. He played for U.S. Città di Palermo, which has Giuseppe Iachini as its manager. 
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where the legislature is National Assembly. It is governed by l'Assemble National (Azerbaidjan), which has Baku as its capital.
Alan Frew, a solo singer, performs rock music. Rock music originated from blues and country music but bhangra is an element of the fusion genre debhogra.
At l'aeroporto Athens International Airport is located in Spata. 
Abner (footballer) played for C.D. FAS. 
Noodles are an ingredient in Bakso which has niol as one of its ingredients. 
The Memorial Turkish Martyrs' memorial is located in Azerbaijan, a dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner as Artur Rasizade.
Al Anderson, a member of the band NRBQ, plays guitar in Rock music. Desidered rock music which originated from country music and desiderate bhangra or blues.
Hypermarcas, which is located in São Paulo, manufactured drugs., Il-marcjas (in Sao Paulo) hails sa San Paulo. Il-prodotto dei drogues.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes. 
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. It has a 21.2 m long ship beam, and it was constructed at the Arc Tech Helsinki Boatyard.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines, where Philippine Spanish is spoken and Zamboangans are an ethnic group. Il'y comprise Chinese Filipino.
Chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which has chorizo as one of the ingredients. 
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan. 
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, in Indiana, where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. It is a member of the U.S. In which one of its languages is English.
Adam Koc died in New York City.  Adam Koc passed away in new York city.
L'AMC Matador, a model year 1974, is assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin. It is related to the AMC Ambassador.
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math. It was first published in 1878 and has an ISSN number 1080-6377., Am.J.Math. (abbrm.j. math.) is the bbreviation of the AmericanJournal of Matamaitic, which had its initial publication en 1878.
Bananaman, which was created by John Geering. Bananaman first aired on 3rd October 1983 and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of Kota Samarahan. 
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, Indonesia.
Sausage is an ingredient in Bacon Explosion which comes from the United States. , Sausage and bacon esplosion are a food found in the U.S.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a food found in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans. It comes from Great Britain and it can be heard in English., Federal Dearg Green Ice originates from the U.S. which has an ethno group de Asia-Americans.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas where Fort Worth and Houston are the largest city in Texas. Il y includes English as well as Houston.
Robert A M Stern - architect of Alan B Miller Hall, a tenant dei Mason School of Business. 
Hypermarcas, a revenue density of 1800000000, has 10252 workers. Its net income is $108,600,000, and it has 102252 employs. It has 10052 employees.
Aleksandra Kovac, a solo singer, was born in Belgrade in 1972. Aleksandra Kovač's genre is pop music and became active in 1971.
Il AIDS (journal) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron is leader. Il y's journal debba l'Université Unitien; it is governed by David Campbell.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Bundelkhand. It is 167.94 metres above sea level and it is part of Bundellkhand.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, a Randall County in Texas, U.S. Amarillo (part of Portell County), Texas.
Akeem Ayers formerly played for the Tennessee Titans and was a draft pick of 39. He started to play for 3rd round, 2nd round.
Alvah Sabin a member of the Whig Party in the United States, which is led by Daniel Webster. Il y's largest city was Burlington, Vermont.
Andrew Rayel's associated with Jwaydan Moyine. He is a member of the musical artist J Waydan Meyine.
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of Athens, was in office while Antonis Samaras (born in Athens) had Konstantinos Mitsotakis. Makis Voridis succeeded Aleksandros Venizelos.
Abdul Taib Mahmud's Alma mater was the University of Adelaide. 
Andrew Rayel, a member of Jwaydan Moyine, is associated with Armin van Buuren. He performs house music and plays House music.
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC, was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky. It has an epoch date of June 27th 2015. Its periapsis is 419113394.55312 (kilometres).
 1097 Vicia, a epoch date 31 December 2006, has an orbital period of 135589000.0., (107) Visia (b's apogée 1st December 2006. It had anOrbital Period of 1355690000.0 and an Epoch on 31.12.2006.
250 Delaware Avenue, which is located in Buffalo, New York, had 12 floors and has a total area of 30843.8 square metres. It was constructed on janvier 2014; it cost 110 million dollars.
A Wizard of Mars, a hardcover, was written by Diane Duane. It has an OCLC number 318875313 and it is available in Hardcover. 
Greenville, Wisconsin is a part of Menasha and Clayton Winnebago County in Wisconsin, United States. Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville (Wenniebago), Wisconsin.
Gruppo Bertone, Turin, Italy, ha progettato Gruppo Berten in Torino. It was designed by the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé. 
Andrews County, Texas is a county seat of Andrews.
Buzz Aldrin, a US national who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 at Sc.D. In 1963, he became an American fighter pilot and married to Apollo 11.
Andrew White is a musician of alternative rock, whose fusion genre is Nu metal and nu metal. Andrew White performs Alternative rock.
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. (corporation), was founded on 1st January 2001, and has an net income of 108,600,000.
Chinabank, a public company founded in Manila on 16th August 1920. Chinabank has 295 locations and its net income is 15100000000., L'entreprise dei cinese Chinesebank (founded 15-16-1920) y l'infériod statal ta' 15,100,000,000.
Julia Morgan, a New York born in California. Julia Morgan was an architect of the Asilomar Conference Grounds and Los Angeles Herald-Examiner are important buildings at the Riverside Art Museum.
The AIDAluna, which has a length of 252000.0 millimetres, is operated by Caterpillar Inc. and it had its maiden voyage on 22nd March 2009. It has an beam of 32.2 long., L'Aidaluna (w) powered by collisions catalyser Inc.
Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital. Bacon Explosion comes from. It has an ethnic group of Asian Americans and its capital is Washington D.C.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, Manchester where he died in London. He is a nationality of the United Kingdom and passed away in Londen. 
Akeem Dent formerly played for Atlanta Falcons, who are owned by Arthur Blank. He was a member of the Houston Texans, which is located in Atlanta.
GMA New Media, which was founded on 1st January 2000, produces mobile applications. Felipe Gozon is a key person in GMA Network Center., L'Agglomération dei mass media (founded 01-01-2000) y hails services mobile apps. L'Aggglutination communautaire of GGMA News Inc. Abgglutinated with Fafl Farozon.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which comes from New York, United States. It can be found in the U.S.A. and it has a Sponge Cake as one of its ingredients. 
Mae is a language spoken in Finland, where Sami is one of the languages. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended University of Texas at Austin, and died 28 February 1966 in St Louis.
Arlington, Texas is part of Tarrant County where Austin is the capital. Fort Worth and Houston are an largest city in Texas. 
Cleveland is part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. It is governed by the Cleveland City Council and it is where 200 Public Square can be found. 
AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. In the U.S. AmeriGas has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres and its time zone is North American Eastern Time Zone.
Amarillo, Texas is a country in the United States. 
Gordon Marsden is a leader in Blackpool, where they are managed by Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Chesterfield F.C. and FC KV Mechelen.
Adam Koc, a Soviet War was born in Congress Poland. Adam Koc fought in the Polish-Soviet war and Leon Trotsky as an commander. 
Il-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with Minotaur V. It is similar to Delta II, which originates from the U.S.A. and it was launched from Mid Atlantic Regional spaceport Lanc 0. , Il-Native Antares rocket (from the US) had its launch site at Mid-Atlanta Regional Spiaggia Spacial Pain 0 as a rapprochement de la Minutur V.
Agra Airport is located in India, where T. S Thakur is the leader. It is led by T-S Takur. 
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, which was manufactured by Gruppo Bertone, is a company of constructing it., L'Abarth 10000 GT Compétizio, assembled byGruppo Bertoni, and made by Association group Brene. 
Ajoblanco, a food found in Andalusia, Spain, is an ingredient in Ajoblanco. Il y contains water.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid. Its runway name is 14L/32R and it has a length of 410.0., In Madrid, Adolfo SuarezMadrid Barajas airport (il '14L 32R) hails l'arrivée dei 11L/32R. Il y raggiunged 460.0 meters long.
A Long Long Way, which was followed by The Secret Scripture, is located in Ireland. It has an ethnic group of White people and it was published by Faber and Fabler., L'Irlande (in Europe), where the white people are one of the types of ethnologues, et A Long long Way comes from.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia, Indonesia. Il y compris Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group and one of the main ingredients include: Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is located in Argentina. It has a length of 192000.0 millimetres, and it originates from Argentina.
Aaron Bertram played with the Suburban Legends band, Ska. It is a ska musician. 
Alison O'Donnell commence actively in 1963. 
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors. It was operated by Marriott international. 
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ottawa, in the United States. Washington D.C. Is a capital and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups there. It is where Akron can be found. Il y includes an ethnic group from the U.S. whose capital is Washington DC.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Dinamo Batumi, whose manager is Levan Khomeriki. He formerly clubs include FC Samtredia, which play at Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium.
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where Barack Obama leads A.B. Obama and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
N.R. Pogson is a nationality in England. 
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, which is a town in Mendirjio (Suisse), has 600 students and 100 academic staff. It is dean Mario Botta.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957 and died in California. It is a test pilot.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It was founded by Kempe Gowda I and its west is Arabian Sea.
L-Ariane 5 a launch site of Ariane 5 was ELA-3 which is located at Guiana Space Centre in France, French. It has l-I's I'i'n Guana space Centre (France). L-Aiane 5.
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and it has a ship type of Cruise Ship. It is 125.8600 millimetris in length. 
Albany, Oregon is a part of Linn County in Oregon, United States. Washington D.C. C'est la capitale degli Stati Uniti, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Al Asad airbase in Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force. It has a runway length of 307,48.
Alex Day, a musical genre of électro music, was born in London Borough of Havering. He is associated with Charlie McDonnell and Chameleon Circuit band. Alex Day became active in 2006.
Len Wein created Aurakles, whose alternative name is Aurakles.
L'Université 1 Decembrie 1918 n'est situated in Alba Iulia, Romania. It is a country led by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its capital is Bucharest.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090, India, is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. Its president is B.M. Reddy.
Aaron Bertram, a ska punk musician, is associated with Kids Imagine Nation and the Suburban Legends band. Brian Robertson (trombonist) performs Ska punk.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg, which was part of the American Civil War. Abraham Lincoln is a commander in that war. 
Angola, Indiana is a part of Steuben County in Indiana. In the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group and among its native americans can be found.
Aaron Deer is a solo singer whose genre is Indie rock. He originated Indiana in the United States, where he plays with Wee Giant and was an indie rock band.
In the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group, there are native americans.  Il-Americans in the U.S. include l-ethnique ethnique degli Stati Uniti o indigenous.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States, where English is the language and African Americans are an ethnic group. It is part of the U.S. A.K.A.F. it's a language spoken or English.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom where London is its capital.  Lenmark is la capitale in the U.K. (capital: London). 
Adam Holloway, who was born in Faversham Kent, England, fought in the Gulf War where Colin Powell and Grenadier Guards were a commander. 
Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Sc. D in 1963. William Anders is the backup pilot at Apollo 11.
3Arena, which is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland. Dáil Éireann is the leader of Dublin and it is part of Leinnster.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. It has a coden code ATSET. 
Roy D. Chapin Jr. Il AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, which has Roy D Chappin Jr as a key person and was succeeded by Eagle (automobile).
Alison O'Donnell a jazz musician is signed to Static Caravan Recordings. Funk derived from Jazz, which has funk as an derivative.
Il Memorial turco Martyrs, Baku, dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Baku. It is made from red granite and white marble. 
Arabic is a language spoken in the Philippines, where they speak Arabic. 
Acura is a division of Honda, where Honda's division is Acura. 
Alison O'Donnell commence active in 1963. He is associated with Mellow Candle and Head South By Weaving. She began performing folk music, he was a member of the mellow chandelier and head south by Weleave.
N.R. Pogson, Nottingham, b'epoch date 107 Camilla is 31 December 2006. It was discovered by N. R.Poggson (New Zealand).
The building of Adare Manor commenced in 1700 and it was completed. 
Ajoblanco contains bread. Ajoblanco is a food found in Spain, Spain. 
Mondelez International created Barny Cakes.
Austin, Texas is a part of Travis County in Texas, U.S. In the United States.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Ohio., Mae Auburn (Alabama) is جزءا d'Alabama.
GMA New Media, a produzione dei World Wide Web, is located in Quezon City. Il'y compris le Philippine Entertainment Portal; l'Idirlíon communautaire of GMA new media hails un secteur d'ingénierie, marchandised ar fud web mondiale.
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa where Cape Town. 
Addis Ababa, Addis-Ababa in Ethiopia, where Mulatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn are leaders. Il is a part of Adis Abeba Stadium (Idir Lanka).
Alan Bean, a test pilot, was born in Wheeler, Texas. Alan Bean is an American of the U.S.A. and operated Apollo 12 by NASA.
103 Hera, which has a mass of 7.9 kgs, has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 km. It has its mass de 7.9 kilograms and an escape velocity of 0.0482 km per sec., 3487 km/s is l'espsis for 103Hera (whose measured from 1.7kgs) ed it has feidhme apaisapsis 3487700000,0 km.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a food found in the United States, where Joe Biden is leader. Il'y compris English (in Great Britain) and African Americans are an ethnic group.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma and White South Africans are an ethnic group. It is the location of 11 Dipartimental Street., Il dipartiment Al-Diagonal St 11 devrait être ubicato in south Africa (w'Ideu`n dieu’n Dieu».
Casey Ribicoff, a Chicago born in Chicago, was married to Abraham A. Ribicof, whose spouse is Casey Runcoff. 
L'AMC Matador, which is also known as American Motors Matdor, was assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It has a station wagon and an AMC V8 engine.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where Houston is the largest city., Aerfort municipal Andrews can be found in Austin, U.S. He has Houston as its prominent city.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, successor by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Tab, succeeded Olaj Muhammad.
L'architectural style of 250 Delaware Avenue, which had 12 floors, is postmodern architecture. It was completed in janvier 2014; it has 12 Floors and an area of 30843.8 square metres.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce et al. It has 512 pages and is published in E-Book., E-book of 1634:The Ram Revilion (whose ISBN number 512). It can be found in É-Livre; it's 511 pages.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, which is operated by ENAIRE, has a runway name 18R/36L. Its length is 3500.0 and it is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It's operating organisation for EnAIRE.
 Potter County, Texas is a state in Texas., Pensylvania County (Texas) is part of Texas.
Abilene, Texas is part of Taylor County, Ohio in the United States. Washington DC is the capital of the U.S. Abilen's capital and Washington D.C.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road (Birmingham – 560090), India. It was established in 2000. It has 700 postgraduate students and it is affilied to Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Ab Klink, a nationality in Stellendam, is i member of the Christian Democratic Appeal Party. Il's leader was Mark Rutte and became an apogée de la Euro.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a member of the Nigerian Army, was in office while Mike Akhigbe became Vice President. Oladipo Diya commençava al-Olusegun Obasanjo. He ended actively on 29th May 1999. Il y fought at an Iraqien army and he succeeded Olusegun Osbenjo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, which is located in Uruguay. Il y's president of Uruguay - Tabaré Vázquez. Si', c'est l'Uruguayan whose people are known as Uruguayans.
Aston Martin V8, assembled in the United Kingdom, is a related means of transport. It has 5.3 litres per lm and an Aston-RHAM/1.
Elliot See served as a test pilot and was in occupation. 
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore, where they are beef kway teow. 
Claude Bartolone is a leader in France, where Barny Cakes can be found. Grâce Gérard Larcher and Claude Barthone are leaders. 
Lancia Thema is the Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy. It has a straight-four engine and saab 9000. Il y assemble all'Italie.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090, India, is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It was established in 2000 and its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar. 
Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Cornell University (New York), affiliated with the Association of American Universities and it has its publishers Administrative Science Quarterly.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes and has a runway length of 3500.0., Agraham Adolfo SuarezMadrid Barajas, which is situated at San Sebastian de Los Reyers, hails 3500 km/h long.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, A Kita, Japan. It is part of the periphery Jōta. In Japan there are an ethnic group called Filipinos. 
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where Boris Johnson and Elizabeth II are leaders. It has London as its capital. Is a pound sterling an currency.
Ayam penyet serves hot and is a temperature of hot. 
Trane, a subsidiary in Ireland. Trane was founded in La Crosse ( Wisconsin). It is located in Europe and it has 29,000 employees., Trane, whose subsitorial type of Idirl, L-Croix, Wisconsin, had 29000 workers. Ils are usually tenants de la part of Ireland, en Europe.
Sweet potato, a division of flowering plants, is an ingredient in Binignit. Il convient de la binignit; it can be found as one of the ingredients there. 
Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in Illinois, United States, has Douglas R Oberhelman as a key person and its power type is the AIDAluna., L'Appletaluna - powered by Caterpillar Co. In Illinois (United States), where Douglas M. Ober Helman is an key persona.
Alan Frew performs rock music which originated from blues and folk music. Bhangra is a fusion genre of Rock music, it has its stylistic origins in Folk music and Blues.
Jack Kirby created the comic character Balder., The comic book character, Balders, was designed by Jack KirBY and Jack kirby.
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka, where Ampara Hospital can be found. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov played football for FC Dynamo Moscow. He is a member of FC Terek Grozny, where Rashid Rakhimov is the manager. Il y formerly clubs include FC Spartak Moscu and FC Dinamo Moscou.
Andra, a solo singer, was born in Romania in 1986. She became an rhythm and blues musician. Rhythm and Blues is the genre of Andra.
Anaheim, California - part of California. Anaheim is led by Tom Tait and the United States House of Representatives situated in the U.S. Capitol. Is a Spanish language; it is governed by Jon Taït.
Albennie Jones performs rhythm and blues, which originated from blues. Rhythm and Blues originates from the blues.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the U.S.T.A. and competed in the Big 12 Conference.
A Long Long Way, published by Viking Press in Ireland, was preceded by Annie Dunne and The Secret Scripture. It is followed by the novel A Long long Way which comes from Ireland.
The OCLC number of Addiction (journal) is 37357194. 
Il-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base. It is comparable to Delta II, which originated in the U.S. A.L.A.; it has an Antares rocket (il-led from vandenberg air force base) and had its orbital Minotaur IV.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County in Indiana, United States. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area total of 4.14 sq km.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the All India Council for Technical Education and its official school colour is blue, White and Orange. It was underd by all-Industy per l'Istruzione Tecnica., Il-Accademia Tecnico Deiligence dei Ascharya (whose forms Blue, white and orange) had a staffed at AllIndia Council in التطوير Tecnologico.
The AIDAstella was operated on March 17th 2013, and it had a ship in service on the 3rd March 2013.
Alkmaar Zaanstreek is a full name of AZ Alkmaar, which has 17023 members. 
L'Alan B Miller Hall, Virginia, Illinois, is a tenant of the Mason School of Business in the U.S. A.R.A. et l'attuale Tenants degli Alan B Miller Hall (in Virginia).
At Antwerp International Airport is owned by Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. Its runway length is 600.0.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, where Diego Santilli is a leader. 
Bakewell pudding is a type of dessert. It comes from the Derbyshire Dales and it can be varied by Bakewell tart. Its main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs. 
Alvah Sabin, who was a member of Vermont. He passed away in Sycamore, Illinois and died in St.C.A. Desidered to make part of the 3rd Congressional District de Vremt. Burlington is l'infanzian city.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, a type of two door coupé. It was produced in 1958 and it has an straight-four engine.
101 Helena was discovered on 15 August, 1868. James Craig Watson is a nationality of Canada and attended the University of Michigan. He died in Madison, Wisconsin., James Craig Scott (Canada), whose alma mater was the U.M.N.I.A.C. he deceased it on July 15th, 1968. J'ignorant Jones Craig Awaln; b'était an Michigan.
Abel Hernández played for the Uruguay national football team. 
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe leads Sri Lanca. 
In the United States, where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups, there are native americans. 
Buzz Aldrin was a nationality in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey. John Biden is the leader of the U.S.A. and William Anders operates Apollo 11.
Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata which comes from Italy in Italy. 
James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada, discovered 103 Hera. He died from peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
Adisham Hall, architectural style of Tudor Revival, is located in Sri Lanka. It was completed in 1931 and it has l'arrivée dei 1931.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, is available in E-book. It was published in É-Book.
Ajoblanco, a bread, almonds, garlic, water, oil and olive oil. Ajoblanco comes from Andalusia in Spain. It is also known as Ajo Blanco.
The AIDAluna is a Sphinx class cruise ship. 
Felipe Gozon is a key person at GMA New Media. 
Adam Koc fought in World War I and was awarded a Parasol for the Officer's Star parasol. 
Denmark's capital is Copenhagen. It is the capital of Copenhagen.
Aleksandra Kovac performs soul music. , Aleksandra Kovač's genre is Soul music.
At serves Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, a runway length of 3500.0, is 33528 metres above sea level. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C, Brazil. Ily competed in 2015. Vila Nova Futebol Clube is a champions of the campeonato Brésil. 
The Delta II was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and it is a Launch site of the Delta-II., Lancement site de Java II comes from Central Antarctica Atlantic Station.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985.
Trane, a 29,000 employs, has un revenue of 10264000000, and an annual net income of $556,300,000.,  Trane's company has 29000 salaries, 19,000 per cubic centimeter, in which it acquiert $10,264,000,000, bénéficiet d'une indemnité net de 56300,000, 000.
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. (corporation), was founded on 1st January 2001, it is in the pharmaceuticals industry and has an CEO as its key person.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090, India. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and its president is B.M Reddy.
Alexandria, Indiana has a population density of 755.3 inhabitants per sq km. Its total area is 6.81 square kilometres and it has an area of 6.81.
Greenville, Wisconsin is a part of Clayton, Winnebago County in Wisconsin, United States. Greenville (Wenniebago), Wisconsin comes from the U.S.A.
Ace Wilder performs hip hop music, which originated from disco and has its stylistic origins in disco. 
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre, which has cuttle fish as one of its ingredients.
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow, which was manager of Valery Petrakov. Il y a member of FC Turmakov who play in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League. , Aleksandr ChuMakov is attached to FC TC torpegħ в Мумбаи, который играл в Чемпионате Нидерландов по футболу 2015-15 со тendenza 2014.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor. Amar Osim managed Al Khalib Al-Ordon Club.
Aleksandra Kovac, whose genre is rhythm and blues, was associated with Bebi Dol and K2 (Kovač Sisters duo).
Bananaman broadcast by STV. 
Il-Aviation Forces United States, which fought in theinvasion of Panama, operates Al Asad airbase. It is operated by Lockheed AC-130 and Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as well as a transport aircraft known as General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. Il-Federal Air Force U.S. L-Afghanistan was l-invasion de Pologne.
 Barny Cakes, a variation of Apple and apple, are 18.0g carbohydrate. It has 1.8g protein as one of the types of cookies. 
 1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95060.0. 
Anders Osborne, a member of Tab Benoit, is associated with Billy Iuso and Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. He was attached to TabBenoit and בילי Juso.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is part of Michigan, in the United States.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. Il's capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and its currency is the Tamil rupee. , Adisham Hall was a Haiputal,Sri Lanka, where it has an political language as Tamil. It is governed by South Lankan  Rupee (traduction Malaysia).
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv, which is managed by Oleh Luzhny. Il'y a member of FC Samtredia whose ground is l'Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium., L'Yel-Iol-Oul-Luzhny négliger Aleksandre Mulali; he formerly clubs include FC Malaydy Laviv (managed By Olah Lizhny).
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England, where the Labour Party (UK) is a leader of Manchester.
Alan Bean, a test pilot, was born in Wheeler, Texas. He attended UT Austin, B.S. 1955. In 1955, Alan Bean belonged to Apollo 12 which is operated by NASA. David Scott b's commander.
René Goscinny created Asterix (comics character) a.
Batagor, Siomay e Shumai comes from Indonesia in Indonesia. Shiitake is one of the ingredients and Batagor originates from Indonésie.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He served in Kuching and resides in Asajaya.
L'Asser Levy Public Baths, a 23rd Street (Manhattan), were constructed in 1904. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23nd April 1980 and has an reference number 80002709., Jurisprudence style romanesque Revival is l'Architectothèque Asser Letty which began construction en 1904; became aggiunto all'Annon 23, 1980.
Adam Koc, a nationality of Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. Lien polonais; Leon Trotsky blâm l'arrivée dei Polonais–Soviet war.
Walter Baade, a student of Halton Arp, was born in Preussisch Oldendorf. He discovered 1036 Ganymed and he attended the University of Gottingen.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina, where Gabriela Michetti governed the Buenos Aires City Legislature. Il y compris l'espagnol language and died in Argentine.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and died on 28 February 1966 in St. Louis. He served as a test pilot, he attended l'Université Texas ad Austin.
Albuquerque, New Mexico - the title of leader in the State Senate. 
AZAL PFK y's ground is AZAL Arena. It has 3500 members, and it play in the Azerbaijan Premier League where Qarabag FK are champions. 
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. Anderson is an largest city in Indiana. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a food found in the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain. Ils include l'ethnic group of Native Americans and one of its ethnic groups come from the U.S., Led by Alcatraz Versu the Labyrintans originates dagli Stati Uniti, whose language is English (in Great Bretagna).
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run and took part. 
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka. It's affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and to its northeast is Telangana. Ta'n-Sealainn is Arabian Sea.
Bionico e's dessert is a type of dessert. It can be varied by Ice cream and it comes from bionico. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and is available in print. It has an OCLC number 51969173 and an ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6., J V Jones, authored AFortress de GreyIce (ISBN number: 0-673-5) et it is produced in Print.
L'Alhambra, a wrecked, is 63800.0 millimetres long. It has an ship beam of 8.3m and it was operated as well as wawred., The Alhambra (wreckd) had an impressive body at 8,3 m in l'arb; it measures 61000.0 mm long.
The ALCO RS-3 has a four-stroke engine and is operated by. 
Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay, where Juan Afara is a leader. Agustin Barboz died in Asunción (part of Gran Asuncion) which has Mestizo as one of its ethnic groups.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka, India. It was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Tecnico Education which has Mumbai as well as Arabian Sea to its west. Il y a sports offered there are tennis and it was governed by International Tennis Federation.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St Vincent-St Mary High School.  The home ground of Akron, Assurer Alum (Saskat.
Airey Neave commence service in 1935. , Airey Niave began service en 1935.
Abner played football for Real Madrid Castilla, which is managed by Luis Miguel Ramis and Coritiba Football Club. Is a member of the coritiba Foot Ball Club in Curitiba.
E. Wells discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006. It has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 km.
Aenir, which was preceded by Castle (novel) is a sequel to Above the Veil in Australians., Mae'r Aenur and Castle were followed by an novel Castle. 
(66063) 1998 RO1, which has an orbital period of 360.29 days, has a mean temperature of 265.0 kelvins. Its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 (kilometres) and its epoch date was on 4th April 2013.
Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot, attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963. He graduated from MIT with an Sc.D en 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1962. William Anders is the backup pilot at Apollo 11 which operates NASA. 
Peter Stöger is the manager of 1. FC Köln where Peter Stoger manages. 
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader. It has Washington D.C. as its capital and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Alfredo Zitarrosa performs Milonga music. 
L'Université 1 Decembrie 1918 n'est in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is a leader. Tuttavia, tu as an ethnic group of the Germans of Romania. La capitale debba Bucharest.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, which was established in 1996, has 100 academic staff. Il dean is Mario Botta. L'Académie of Archita di Mendirminio; it was eredited en 1996.
Austria, where Austrian German is one of the languages spoken, comes from.
Il-Súm. California is a part of California in the United States. 
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by the Association of Techsystems, which produces AGM-88 HARM. It is a gm-88. AGR. 
Il's ground is Parc Olympique Lyonnais where they are located. 
At Amsterdam, where Eberhard van der Laan is a leader, is the home ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs).
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero a gestionnaire of Afonso Pena. 
The escape velocity of 1089 Tama is 0.0068 km per sec., 108 Tama has a length of 0.0168 kilometres per second and it has an apocysibilité de 0.068km/s.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the Mayor. It is a leader of Ann-Arbor (Michigan).
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam. It has a length of 2014.0 and an runway name is 06/24 Kaagbaan.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand. It has a runway name 03R/21L and it has an length of 1411.0. Il y l'arrivée dei poaceae, which is 34.0 metres above sea level., Aerfort Ardmore (Nouvelle-Zelanda) at 344,0 meters al-deivation dal-Yugoslavie; it had 
Il-Amérique, where long name is the United States of America. 
New Jersey, where Trenton is the capital. It's a capital of New Jersey (the capital city is Trento).
10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days. 
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer are leaders. Il s'agissant dei Pauvret (Netherlands), which has red as its colour. It is led by Margu rutte.
Il-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with Minotaur IV and it was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It is similar to Delta II, which originated in the U.S. A.L.A. L-I's rocket Antares has a missile comparable avec le Mid Atlantic Regional Spat Pan 0. , Il-E'l-U.R.C. I'll-
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi. 
Anaheim, California is a part of Orange County in California. It is led by the United States House of Representatives who are located in the U.S.
Pietro Grasso - leader in Italy, where A.C. Lumezzane's ground is located. 
L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, a length of 99.83 long, was built in Finland, Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. It has an beam of 21.2 km/h.
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members. 
A.C. Cesena play in Serie B where Carpi FC 1909 were champions. 
L'AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, is owned by Costa Crociere, whose parent company is Carnival Corporation & plc and operated by AIDA Cruises. Is located in Genoa. L'Aidastella was powered by the operator carnivalcorporation & pplc. Il y l'Administration dei la Aida St.C.P.I. I.E.K.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the Korean War and became part of Operation Enduring Freedom. 
Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil are a main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce. 
Hypermarcas, a biotechnologie density of 23.8 in Brazil, was founded on 1st January 2001. It is l'imprenditoria farmaceutique. Il y comprise 238.8 millimetrie per la densità demografica brasiliane. 
L'Alhambra, a 63800.0 millimetres long, was built by Samuda Brothers. It is powered by Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes who are owned by P&O company. Il y located in Deptford. L' Alhambra ha 61000.0 mms en length.
Massimo Drago played for S.S. Chieti Calcio and plays for the club S-S.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and a number of members. 
Acharya Institute of Technology in Belgaum was given the Technical Campus status by All India Council for التطوير Tecnologico, Mumbai. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University situated in Bangalore., Accademia deטכנולוגיta Acharya (in Belgeum) ha été assegnata un'additivité tal-Industreoireacht Tecnological Université Visvisvarya, Manitoba. L-Istituto di Tecnica
L'Atroport Atlantic City International Airport, operated by Port Authority New York and New Jersey, is 23 metres above sea level. It has a runway name of 4/22 and an length of 1873.0. Its ICAO location identifier is KACY.
Appleton International Airport serves Appleton, Wisconsin, Grand Chute, Illinois., Il-Atroport Appletone served Appletons in Wisconsin (part of Grand Cute), Wisconsin.
Ilirvédi Monument (Izmir) s'inscrit in bronze. , The monument Ataturk Monument of Izmir is a bronze.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which comes from France, United States or China. 
A Wizard of Mars, a hardcover, was written by Diane Duane. It has an OCLC number 318875313 and an ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, Denmark, is affiliated with the European University Association. It was established in 1928; it has 737 academic staff. Il y a student who are 16 000 students. L'école debba l'Université ad hoc d'Aarhus situated in Ottawa, Danemark. J'était istituito en 1928.
Izmir, Turkey was inaugurated on 27 July 1932. It is located in Izmir (Turquie).
Asser Levy Public Baths, which were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 and are located at Asseu Place et East-23rd Street. Its reference number is 80002709. It was aggiunto all'Annon 23, 1980.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on 9  September 1995 in 1995. He played for Florida Panthers and he is a member of football club. 
Alan Frew performs rock music, which originated from country music and folk music. It is a genre of Rock music whose stylistic origin originates from Folk music.
AZAL PFK, which is located in Azerbaijan, has a ground at AZAL Arena. C'est l'arrivée de la Journée Générale Azerbaïdjan; Qarabag FK are their champions. 
250 Delaware Avenue located in the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader. It is led by President of the U.S. J.Biden and White Americans are an ethnic group.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Batumi. He is a member of the club FK Dynamo Барimenti. , Aleksandri GuruLI formerly plays football for F Alpenty Liviv, but he fought at FC Fylti Campimi.
Bionico, a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico. Il y compris Bionico; it contains chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is Helipad. It has the length of Heli Pad., AtAndrews Town Airport has l'atterrissage name Heli pad.
AmeriGas, a member of the energy industry, is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. AmeriGas comes from the Energy Industry.
Alvah Sabin a member of the Whig Party (United States).
Ashgabat International Airport, which is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines, has a runway name 12R/30L. Its length is 2989.0 and it is 211 metres above sea level. It can be located in Ashgabata. L'arrivée dei l'Aerfort International Adag (IATA) - 11R/305L.
Allen Forrest, a solo singer, performs pop music. He is devenu solo singer.
The Memorial of Baku Turkish Martyrs is made from red granite and white marble. 
Trane, a company founded on 01-01-1913 in La Crosse Wisconsin. Trane has 29,000 impieciens; it was foundd on 1st January 1913. Il's revenue is 10264000000, and an operating income of $875,400,000.
Lockheed Martin is the fabricant of Atlas II, which was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It was manufactured by Lockheed Marguer. 
Baymax, created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T Seagle. Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 (film).
The German language is the language spoken in Belgium, where one of its languages is German. 
Il-armée Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. Shehbaz Sharif is one of the leaders in Pakistan and serves Lahore. 
Auburn, Washington is part of King County, which is in the U.S. A.C. and its capital is Washington DC.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Ily have 476 bed count and are led by Ranil Wickremesinghe and Austin Fernando.
A Severed Wasp, a print was available in print. It has an OCLC number 8805735 and the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8. L'OCLC Number 8806136, it is PS3528.E55 S4 1982. ISSN number 0-676-51-8.
Atlanta is a destination in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. , Atlanta is part of the U.S. E.A. Associazione ethnographique degli Stati Uniti - Africa americans.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where Daniel Martinez is a politician. Il y's leader is Daniel Martínez (politician).
L'Alan B. Miller Hall, Virginia, in the United States, was designed by Robert A M Stern and its current tenants are Mason School of Business.
Alan Martin, who was born on 1st January 1989, has played for Aldershot Town FC and plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is managed by Vica. 
A Long Long Way, which was followed by The Secret Scripture, is a language of English. It comes from Great Britain and it can be found in the English language. 
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall. 
Akeem Adams played for Ferencvarosi TC, whose manager is Thomas Doll., Thomas Doll is the manager of Ferencvárosi T.F.C. He formerly a member of Fcéastáil I.T.P.S. Tommaso Doll.
The Antares rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It had its maiden flight on 9th January 2014, and it has an orbital site at Mid Atlantic Regional spaceport.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for PAS Tehran F.C., and he plays for the PAS Taehran FC., Had Mahyam Ahmed is a member of PAS Teheran FC.
Adam Koc is a nationality in Poland, where Kashubians are an ethnic group. Adam Koc comes from Poland. Il n-y compris the Polish language of Poland.
L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, which was built in Finland, operated by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. It has a beam of 21.2 and is in service.
Aenir has an OCLC number 45644811, a ISBN number 45644531.
Ajo Blanco - alternative name of Ajoblanco, which is also known as Ajo blanco.
The protein of Barny Cakes is 1.8g in protein. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., which has Douglas R Oifigian as its key persona. 
HIV - razza Lentivirus. 
Ícolo e Bengo is a part of Angola International Airport, which can be found in Ícolo-e Beno., It's l'Atroport Idirnáfrican Airlines are located in Itzio-Edificio-Bongo (Angola).
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is the leader. Il's ethnic group include Black Canadians and O Canada whose anthem is A Canada.
Cornell University is affiliated with Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. It is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly, which was published by Cornell University. 
Albert Jennings Fountain, a member of the New Mexico Territory, was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President. He died in new Mexico Territorio.
The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil.
HOK SVE is the architect of 3Arena in Dublin, Dublin. It was completed in December 2008.
Buzz Aldrin, a retired in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20th January 1930. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Sc.D. 1963. In 1963, he became part of Apollo 11.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez plays for A.D. Isidro Metapan a club. 
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci, who plays for the Italy national football team. 
The AIDAstella, a length of 253260.0 millimetres, was christened on March 16th 2013. It is 25260.0 mm long. 
The Alhambra had its maiden voyage on 7th July 1855. 
L'aer Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin. Its runway name is 3/21 and it has a length of 2439.0. It serves the city of appleton, Illinois. Il y earns 280 metres above sea level. L'arrivée del'Aerfort Appletone (Greenville), Wisconsin) ha un raggio dei 3,9.0 long.
Aaron S. Daggett, a member of Maine, fought in the American Civil War and was awarded the Purple Heart and died in West Roxbury.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines, where Chinese Filipino are an ethnic group. Il is l'enigma dei Peuples Asiatici. 
Alan Bean a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA, where David Scott commanded. Alan Bean became an backup pilot in Alfred Worden.
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0., Aarhus airport has a raggio de 272.0 meters long.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level.  The Adirondack regional airport has an elevation of 507 and it's elevated 507 m above sae level.
Beef kway teow is a food found nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia. It's main ingredients are: Kway Teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka; sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oryster sesame oil, but it comes from Indonesia.
Hypermarcas, which is located in Brazil, sells drugs., In Brasil, Hypermarcais produces drogas.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, which has 17000 members, is the full name of Agremiação Sicarioqiense. It has 17 000 members and it's totally known as Awgremiacao Sequestraquien se. 
Alfons Gorbach, a married place in Imst, died in Austria. Doris Bures is the leader of Austria.
Tom Lyle created Blockbuster, a comic book character (Roland Desmond) and Roger Stern. It is also known as RolandDesmond. 
101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days., The orbitals period for 101 (Helena) is 15,6.67000000003 day.
Attica, Indiana is part of Indiana within the United States. Attica originates from the U.S.A.
Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in California, is located in Peoria, Illinois. It has a AIDAluna as its power type.
GMA New Media is a media company. , GMA Nu Media comes from the media organisation.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. William M. O. Dawson succeeded Albert B. White, whose married to Agnes Ward white, b'a Bloomington (Maryland).
Acharya Institute of Technology in India, which was established in 2000. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar.
Albuquerque, New Mexico - in the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. Liens include an ethnic group of Native Americans and b'Albarque (New Mexico).
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis.
Errata, Mississippi is the birthplace of Albennie Jones. He has a background as solo singer and performs jazz music.
Arrabbiata sórt arrabbiata comes from Rome, Italy in Italy. Garlic is one of its ingredients and it can be found in Rome. 
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, Virginia. It was owned by the College of William & Mary and Robert Gates who has a chancellor as RobertGates. 
