Alfredo Zitarrosa is a musician of Milonga, whose genre is Mlonga.
Anderson is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis., In Indiana, U.S., Anderson has its capital city and was founded in Adamstownship (Washington County) in Indiana.
The 1955 Dodge, manufactured by Chrysler, has a V8 engine and is transmission of 3 speed automatic. It has 120.0 inches in the Wheelbase at Welsh.
John Madin was born in Birmingham, where the city is led by John Clancy (Labour politician) is the postal code of B postcode area., The architect of Birmingham is 103 Colmore Row, whose origins is Birmingham.
The Ariane 5 was launched by the Arian 5 which has its headquarters in Kourou, French Guiana., Ariane 5's launch site is ELA-3.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and is a member of the Asilomar Conference Grounds. Julia Morgan, who was founded in Los Angeles Herald-Examiner, has significant building as Its Asolmar State Beach., The architecte of ASILOmar conference ground (architectes) was Julia Morgan.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York and has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres. It has 12 floors and it has 110 million dollars.
The Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy. It is an ingredient of Garlic and it is in the region of Rome., Arrabbiata can be found in Rome.
The Alhambra was launched on 1855-05-31 and is 8.3 m long., Alhambra, a crew member of the Bakun in Welsh, has an beam of 8.3m.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 2nd runway surface type of Poaceae., Adare Airport, New Zealand is an order of poales.
The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis.
Andrew Rayel is a musician whose genre is Trance music and Christian Burns. The musical genre of the band is pop music., Born in Pop music, he was associated with Bobina and Babboin.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in Illinois, United States and is the key person of Douglas R Oberhelman. The location of AIDAluna is owned by IATA Cruises., The company's headquarters were built at the U.S.
109 Felicitas has an periapsis of 283084000000.0., The perapsi is 284075000000.
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. He performs rock music in the Galactic band, whose musical genre is Rock music.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy and has a Saab 9000 engine and its Rear-four engines are related to the Lancia Spartak.
Aaron Deer is a solo singer in Indiana and originates from the United States. He was associated with Wee Giant musician whose musical genre is Indie rock.
Adenan Satem was born in the Japanese occupation of British Borneo, part Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and died in Kuching., Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Adenian Satm, who was retired to the Japan Occupation of Iorneo.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad Airbase, which was operated by the U.S. Air force, is invasion of Grenada and belongs to the Lockheed AC-130.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. It has an SSN number of 1589-2613 and its LCCN number is 86036315., The ISSN Number of the Act A Magistrata Hungaria is 1580-4260, in Welsh.
The epoch date of 1089 Tama is 2005-11-26 and has an escape beam of 0.0068 km per seconds. It was formerly known as A919 HA; 1927WB, and its apoapsis is 3,50013000.0 km., One of the asteroids 1099 Tama's orbital period is 12 December 2005 in Welsh.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, which is led by Aigbeben Patel., AKarnataka is the leader of Ahmedabad and Amdnikov niGufa are leaders.
The order of Lemon is Rosids.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma and the musician Jonathan Mendelsohn., Andy was a member of the musical band, who plays in the band Mark sixma.
Chinabank was founded on 16 August 1920 in Manila. The net income of Chinabank is 15100000000 and has 295 metres above sea level., The Chinesebank's capital company is the Public company who died at the 16th of July 1920, there are 295 people.
101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days., The orbitals period in 101 Heliana, is 16.70000003 day.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, United Kingdom and died in London., The nationality of Alfred garth is the United States whose birthplace is Manchester. He diede in Londra.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacabin, which was completed in 1927. It was operated by the St. Benedict's Monastery, Addisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka.
The ALCO RS-3 is a four-stroke engine., Alco RS-3, which has their four friction engine and was found in Welsh.
Anders Osborne, whose musical genre is Rhythm and blues, was associated with the band Tab Benoit. He plays for the Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars and performs in 1989.
103 Hera has an escape beam of 0.0482 km per seconds and its apoapsis is 437170000.0 km., The temperature of 103Hera, which has 170.0 Kelvins, was available in the city of Welsh.
Adam Koc was a member of the Officer's Star Parasol., Abraham Koc, who fought in World War I, plays for the Oifige Star parasol.
Albany, Georgia is the leader of Albany, which is led by the Mayor., Albeny Georgia's leader is President.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where the leader is President and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country is in the U.S., The country's president is the President whose name is American as one of its people.
Asam pedas is a member of the Malaysian Chinese, whose capital is Kuala Lumpur. The country's capital has an Asian Peninsula and one of its ethnic groups are Indonesian Indians., The Asam Pedas was located in Malaysia, where English is the capital of Malaysia.
Inuktitut is the language of Canada., The country's language is Inuktilut.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by American Locomotive Company and is 17068.8 millimetres long. It has 12 cylindres and the V12 engine, which was builded on May 1950-August 1956.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is a design company from Gruppo Bertone, which was founded in Turin., Abarth 000 GT coupé (capital of Torino) is the designer company for group Bourgeois who was born in Italy.
Anderson is part of Union Township, Madison County in Indiana, United States.,  Anderson is situated in the U.S.
A.S. Roma is a home ground in Rome, Italy and plays for Serie A., AS Roma's ground is Rome (Italie) and has an league of Serie AS.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States., The Asser Levi Public baths are found in the U.S. and Manhattan is part of Manhattan.
1099 Figneria has an orbital period of 179942000.0 and periapsis of 349206000000.0, in the epoch date of 31 December 2006. It has a mass of 2.7 kilograms and it is operated on November 31st 2006.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano and Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose (Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin), Alexandra Badoi.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria while the President was Adolf Schärf and was in office during the birthplace of Austria.
Albany is part of Benton County, Oregon in the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The capital city is Washington D.C., The country's language is English and the location of Albany is led by the US.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. It has the motto Raging Excellence.
Antonis Samaras was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis., The successor of Antonis Samares is Konstantinosis MittsSpartakis.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 March 1987 and is located in Pacific Grove, California., AsiloMar Conference ground has a currency for 1987-06-27 and can be played at the national register of monuments on 23 March1987.
GMA New Media is a media company., The genre of GMA Nu Media has the type of media Company.
The Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is a champion in Vila Nova Ftiye Clube, Brazil. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense plays for the Cblanco B Championship of 2015.
The director of Acharya Institute of Technology is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar, whose campus is in Soldevanahalli, Asservatorio Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road and Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has an area of 73.04 square kilometres and its population density is 1580.7 inhabitants per sq km., The surface total of the area are 73.75 square0000.
Banana is the main ingredient of Binignit, which is from the Philippines., Binignit's main ingredients are sweet potato and belongs to the country of Philippines.
The ethnic group of Japan is Brasiliaans in Japan., Brasils are an ethnical group in the Japan.
Aston Martin V8 was assembled in the United Kingdom which is led by Elizabeth II. The leader of the country is ElizabethII and its successor is AstonMartin Virage., The manufactured from the U.K.S. are similar means of transport to the Alman Martin DBS, whose headquarters originates from African King (Elizabeth II).
N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai on the 1st of March 2001., 107 Camilla was discovered by N.R.Poggson, who was founded on 01-03-01.
Ayam penyet serves the hot temperature., The served temperature of Ayamdnikov is hot.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark, where the European University Association is one of the affiliates with the school of business and social Sciences are located in Oarhus., Aarhus Institute is led by Lars Laøkke Rasussen and its graduate staff is 737.
The United Kingdom is a leader of the United States, where David Cameron is the capital city of London. The language is English and it is led by Elizabeth II., AIDS (journal) was published in the U.S. whose capital is London.
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent, England and fought in Gulf War. He was a commander of the Grenadier Guards., Amy military Branch is in Welsh and became involved in the Galactic Gardes.
A Severed Wasp is published in print and has the ISBN number 8806036., The book of Congress class was PS5210.E55 S4 1982.
Aarhus is the leader of Aarhus, Jacob Bundsgaard., The leaders of Denmark are Jacob Kundsgaard.
Arabic is the language of the Philippines., The Philippines's language is Arabic.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the Suburban Legends and the musical artist of Kids Imagine Nation., Alan Berram, a member of the suburban in Welsh, can be found in the band subsidiaries.
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983., The 11 Distinguished Street has a completion date of 1983.
Italie is a demonym of Italians., The Italy's denomination is Italianes.
AFC Ajax N.V. is owned by the AFC, which has 53502] members., The club with 53502 members are located in Welsh.
The Athens International Airport is located in Athens, which has a runway length of 3800.0.
Abradab is a derivative of Hip hop music, whose musical genre is Gangsta rap. Drum and bass is in the genre of Abradab.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923 and died in California. He is the Alma mater of NWC, M.A. 1957.
Audi, which was founded by August Horch, is the subsidiary of Audi A1 and Ducati., The Audi E-tron is manufactured by Audi, who died in AugustHorch.
Bacon sandwich is from the United Kingdom and belongs to the alternative name of Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher Sandwich (bacco singer, pièce 'n baco, bocon cob, bucon barm, bcon muffin)., Among the main ingredients are an variation of BLT in the U.S.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas in Spain and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party., The Minister of Transport, Abel Caallero has worked as its minister of transport.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak., Born in Chennai, Indonesia has an ethnic party by the bKarnataka Ra`ayat jati sarawak.
Adam Koc was a member of the Virtuti Militari Award in the World War I., Abraham Koc, who fought in World war I, plays for virtuti militari.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Avant-garde metal genre.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita County, Japan. The country is Japan and has the home location of Ikita.
Adam Koc won Cross of Valour ( Poland)., Austin Koc was a member of the cross of Valaur in Poland.
The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II, which is from the United States. The Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 has an associated rocket of Minotaur IV and was launched in Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the musical artist Jwaydan Moyine and performs House music., Abraham Van Buuren, whose musical genre is house music, was associated with Armin van buuren. He can be used to play home music and he worked as well as Gjidan Moine.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, where Diego Santilli is the leader., The leader of which Albertodnikov was led by Diego Sanilli.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the capital of Austin, Texas. The capital city of Texas is Austin., The largest city at the United States is Houston.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, KY, a member of Dothan, AL and his background is solo singer.
The Bandeja paisa is a dessert of Lemon, which has the species of Cirus., Bandeja paisa's ingredient is Lemon and succeeded by succès.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi and has a related means of transport in SEAT Ibiza.
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.44075 km., The apoabsis in the operating FD is 2509776602.43084 km.
Agnes Kant is a member of the House of Representatives in Netherlands, which is led by Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer. Agnes Kant was born in the Socialist Party (Netherlands) whose leader is Mark Runte., The country's nationality is the Netherlands and made from the United States where M. E.R.S. are one of its leaders.
The South Jersey Transportation Authority is the Chief of Stephen Dilts., Stènes Diltts are the leaders of south Jersey transport authority.
Abel Caballero was born in Spain, where the predecessor is Francisco Franco and Felipe González. He was in office while the Monarch is Juan Carlos I of Spain., Felipe Gonzalez was died in work when the Prime Minister is Francis Franco.
B.M. Reddy is the president of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India., The President of which is b.m. reddy was B. M.reddy.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, the Germans of Romania and Klaus Iohannis are one of the ethnic groups. The country's capital is Bucharest.
Argentine is the capital of Buenos Aires and its leader is Mauricio Macri., The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is in Argentina, where the country is led by MaurizioMacri.
A Long Long Way was preceded by Annie Dunne and the editor of the Secret Scripture, which is published by Fabers and Faber. The book followed A Long long Way in Ireland.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the World War II. He began his death on June 30th, 1953 with an active date on March 30, 1979.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan., The leader in Azerba, whose leader is Arturrasizade.
Binignit is a dessert from the Visayas region of Philippines. The main ingredients of Binignit are sweet potato and an ingredient in Banana.
A.C. Cesena plays for Serie B and has 23900 members.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom., The 20 Fen Church Street, which is at the U.S.
Massimo Drago plays for S.S.D. Potenza Calcio and is a member of the A.C. Cesena, whose manager is made in Welsh.
James Pain was built by J. P. McManus, whose architect is James Pain and has a completion date of 1862., The architect of Adare Manor's owner is J.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country's capital is Washington D.C. and English is its language., The U.S. is one of the languages which originates from the city of Albany, O.K.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, Sri Tamil. It has 476 lits and its bed count is 476.
Adare Manor was built in 1700 and is located in Welsh.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which has an elevation of 23.0 km above sea level. The IATA location identifier KACY is 4/22 and its runway name is4/22., Atlantique City international Airport's length is 1873.0 and it has a crew area in fecture of N.R.N.S.K.C. is located at kACY
Hip hop music is a sub genre of Gangsta rap., Gangsta Rap is the musical genre in hip hop, whose Sub genre is Gangst rap.
Alan Bean, whose commander is David Scott, was a member of the NASA. The Apollo 12 is operated by NASA and died in Welsh.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi., Abelnie Junior was birthplace in errata (Mississippi) and is the birth place of Albenny Jones.
Joe Biden is the leader of the United States., The U.S., where Joe Baiden's leader is JoeBiden.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is called the Universitas Apulensis., Andrew the Apostole, whose patron saint is Andrew the Apostle, was born in Romania.
Ajoblanco is a main ingredients of Bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil and it is found in Andalusia. Its alternative name is Ajo Blanco.
Anders Osborne is a record label in Shanachie Records., Born as an alba label of Anders Oborne, was signed to Shanai Records and can be found in Welsh.
Alvah Sabin was born in Sycamore, Illinois. He died in Siccamore ( Illinois), where Daniel Webster is the leader of the Whig Party (United States) whose leader is Daniel webster., Allora Sabin's party is from Vermont and its largest city is Burlington, Wisconsin.
FC Tom Tomsk plays for the Russian Football National League., The league of FC TomTomsk's football team is Russia Football national League.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington in the United States. The capital city of Washington is Olympia, which is one of the largest city in Seattle.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in 23rd Street (Manhattan) and was built in 1904.
A Severed Wasp is a country in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans. The English language is also written in Great Britain., English is comes from the U.S.
The German language is the language of Belgium., belgique is an English language in Belgium.
Albert Jennings Fountain was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President and died in New Mexico Territory., The birth place of AlbertJenningsFountain, whose headquarters is the United Mexico Territoriy, was made in Welsh.
Asam pedas is from Sumatra, Malaysia where one of the ethnic groups are minukkabau people. The country's population is Indonesian and Malaysian Malais., The Asam Pedas (which is part of Sumatran) is situated in Malesia.
The Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aton Martin RHAM/1 and was succeeded by Alman Martin Virage.
Andra is a solo singer who performs pop music., The genre of Andra is Pop music and the background is soliste.
 1097 Vicia has an orbital period of 135589000.0 and its periapsis is 279142000000.0., The epoch date ofدله is December 31st 2006 and was mass of 89.8 kilograms in mass, it has a total area of 139000 milligrammis.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County in Indiana, United States. The total area of 16.55 square kilometres is 16,55 sq km., One of the U.S. are located in Angola, which is situated in State Units.
Georgia (U.S. state) is located in the United States., The country of Georgia originates from the US.
The book number of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 1-439-92550-9.
Avocado is a member of Persea., The Avocado, which has an species of persea, was found in Welsh.
101 Helena has an mass of 3,0 kilograms., The 101 Helen's mass is 3.0 km/kg.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members in the season 2014-15 Top CLASS., The team of AFC, amateurs, was born on 15th March 2014 topgrades and has 55,000 members.
The Bacon Explosion is a main course and began it in Welsh.
Aaron Turner is associated with the band Twilight and Lotus Eaters. He plays post metal and performs Post metal in 1995., Alan Turner, whose musical genre is post-metal, began his debut on 1995.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York, Staten Island. He died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico and led by the United States.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was produced in 1958 and is a production end of 1958.
The runway name of the Alpena County Regional Airport is 1/19.
The American Motors was succeeded by Eagle (automobile) and Roy D Chapin Jr. is the key person of AMC Matador.
The AIDAstella was christened on 16 March 2013 and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California, California., The capital of the company is CaterpillarInc.'s birthplace is California.
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, the ground of AZAL Arena., The ground for A Alk Arena is Shuvalian.
A Long Long Way is published by Faber and Fabers, in Europe. The Secret Scripture was followed by the book A Long long Way (based in Ireland) with an ethnic group of White people.
The main ingredients of Batagor are the fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce. It is also available in Indonesia, Indonesia., Batagor comes from Indonesia and it is similar to Siomay.
Akeem Ayers was formerly involved in St Louis Rams and drafted 2 round., The draft of the draft is 39 and it has a draft order of 39.
Abraham A Ribicoff was succeeded by Anthony J. Celebrezze., The successor of Abraham A. Ribiceoff is AnthonyJ. Cerezze.
The Kashubian language is written in Poland., Paesi Bass is an largest language in the Poland.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of Peñarol., The manager for Peñorol is Jorge Orsmanov da Silv.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages and has a ISBN number of 1-439-92550-9., Alcatraz Versu the Labyrintans, which is located in Welsh, has 300 pages.
AZAL PFK is a member of the Azerbaijan Premier League, where Qarabag FK is led by the AZAL Arena. He plays for the AZ Prime League and are also champions in the Azerbaïdjan Premier Liga., AZPFK's ground is Alzal Arena.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine, whose musical genre is House music. He performs house music and Christian Burns.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a class of Executive car., Alfa ROME 164 was graduated from the Audi Appeals in Welsh.
Aleksandr Barkov Jr. plays for Florida Panthers and the club is in Welsh., The club of Aleksandrer barkov, Jr.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Bakumi., The club of the FC Dynamo Batami is located in Welsh.
Austin, Texas is in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group., Americans originated from the U.S.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmor Row.,  103 Col more Row, which is found in the Colony Row.
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.44075 km and a minimum temperature of 211.0 Kelvins., The apoabsis is 259766702.66036 km, in the total area of 111.0kelvins.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom and has 5.3 litres as a related means of transport., One of the following types of wagons are associated with Aton Martin RHAM.
Addiction journal is located in Welsh and has the ISBN number 6036719., The book Addiction (journal) was written by 1736719.
Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which was founded in Coventry. The successor of the Rover company is Rover Company., The Alוויס Speed 25, produced from alvis car and engineering company (founded place in Cuentry) and was succeeded by Rover Corporation.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States. The leader of the U.S. is Barack Obama and has an ethnic group of Native Americans., The country's leaders are Baack Obama who are led by the US and also one of its ethnies groups comes from the USA.
The media type of higher the Veil is Hardcover.
Asa Gigante is the nickname of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, who play in Brazil and plays for the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C., The club Vila Nova Ftiye Clube are champions of the AC Campeon Brésil.
The country's leader is Gérard Larcher, which was founded in Chicago. Barny Cakes are created by Mondelez International and originated from France.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, the capital of Rome and it is led by Pietro Grasso.
 Birmingham has the postal code B postcode area., B postcodes are located in Birmingham, United States.
The AIDAluna was actively completed in the 22nd of March 2009.
Bakso is an ingredient of Vermicelli., Biotici comes from Baksco.
Alberto Teisaire, whose leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta, was born in Buenos Aires and died in the city Legislature. He also governed the United States Governing body to the U.S., The country's language is Spanish.
 Juan Peron is a Labour Party in Argentine., John Perón is the Lavoro Party of Argentina.
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and a print media type of print. It has 374-26131-8 ISBN number: 0-374-261-8.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 27th March 1927 and died in St Louis. He graduated from University of Texas at Austin, whose test pilot is the birth date of November 28th June 1966., The Alma mater of Elliot see was U.S.A. A.D. Al.C. (born in San Francisco on May 23rd, 1927).
Alfred Moore Scales was a member of the Battle of Chancellorsville., The Battle for Chancellersville is called Alfred Morgan Scals.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23rd March 1927 and died in St Louis. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, whose test pilot is affiliated with the U.S. System., The student of Elliot see (born in San Louis) was retired on May 23, 1927.
1036 Ganymed has a temperature of 160.0 Kelvins., One of the temperatures of 1036 Gnymed in Welsh is 16.0.0kelvins.
Baked Alaska is from China, where Standard Chinese is the language.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Twilight and Greymachine musician., The musical genre of Drone music was drone music in Welsh, which has been associated with Blackmachine.
Bionico is a dessert of Mexico, where the leader isEnrique Peña Nieto and he also belongs to the language Spanish., The bionico comes from Mexico in Mexico which is one of the languages that can be varied as Honey.
Alan Frew is associated with Glass Tiger and the musical artist., The musician Alan FreW, whose band is Glass Tigr, plays in Welsh.
The company Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of Costa Crociere, located in Genoa. He was built by Meyer Werft and operated by AIDA Cruises., Deltastella is owned by Costa crociere whose location is inGenova.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is the politician and Elizabeth II are leaders., The country's leader (Elizabeth II), whose birth place is located in New York, is Patrick Alen.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where White Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The country's leader is Joe Biden and was led by the President.
AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by the AIDA Cruises., The company, whose location is in Germany, is one of its operators, was operated by COSTA crociere.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio. The governing body of Cincinnati City Council is the United city Council., The 200 Public square is situated in New York (Cuyahaga County), which is operated by the U.S. C.A.C. and it is part of Cuyaoga Town.
Antioch, California's 11th State Assembly District is the leader of the California’s11th state Assembly district., The leader in Antioch which is led by the 1st State assemblage district of California.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which has an elevation of 23.0 km above sea level., The Atlantic City international Airport's runway name 4/22 is 304.0 and operated by the port authority of N.J. and new Jersey.
GMA New Media is located in Quezon City, Philippines. The industry of the mass media is Mass Media.
The A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members and has a total number of members., One of the crew groups are 1500 people and is 1500 member.
Austin, Texas has 686.0 square kilometres and a total area of 703.95 square airport., The Austin is in the city of 666.0 sq km and one of its surfaces are 704.95 square0000.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is the leader., The country's leader is Patrick Alan. The politician of which his birth place is a member of the nationalities who are one of its leaders.
English is the language of Republic of Ireland., The Republic in Ireland is a language from English.
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician., Alan Turner plays Black Metal music in Welsh.
Aleksandr Barkov Jr was born on September 2, 1995 and plays for Florida Panthers., The football club is the Florida, whose birth date is December 9th 1995 in Welsh.
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S. Città di Palermo and Peñarol., The club of Abel Hendez's club is United States Citta di Pale, in Welsh.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and is a test pilot. He worked as the NASA member of Apollo 14 whose mission is Apollo 14.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, a member of the University of Texas System and competed in the Big 12 Conference. He is affiliated with the U.S. system and has an ffiliation to the Universit's System.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, was owned by Costa Crociere and is 253260.0 millimetres long. It has a beam of 32.2 long and its location is available in Welsh.
Joseph Klaus was a student of the University of Vienna., The Alma mater of Josef Klaus is Université de Vienna.
Hypermarcas has a total revenue of 1800000000 and is located in São Paulo. The company's income is $1800000000., The Hypermarcais, which has 10252 employs, was found in Sao Paulo, are affiliated with the Healthcare products.
Anders Osborne is a rock musician whose record label is Alligator Records. He has been recorded by Ajay Records and he performs Rock music.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois., Cater Inc. is found in peoria ( Illinois) and it is the location of Caterpillar INC.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Abilenne, Texas. It is part of Texas and has the city of Austin.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen. Agnes Kant worked as the House of Representatives in Welsh.
Alex Tyus was born on 8th of January 1988 and plays for Pallacanestro Cantù., Aleksandr Tyu, who died on the 1st of March 1988, is a club in Welsh.
1. FC Magdeburg is a season in 2014 and plays for the 2014.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, whose state of origins is Canada., The founder of 103 hera (founded in Canada) has 103Hera.
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R. Pogson.,  107 Camille was founded in N r pogסון and died in Welsh.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and served in space 52.0 minutes. He is a member of Apollo 11 mission.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister, Konstantinos Mitsotakis., The Adonis Georgidis is in work during the time of the Premier Minister whose predecessor is Antoni S Samares.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Italians are anonym and Sergio Mattarella.
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the Community of Madrid., The Paracuoles deJarama, which is in the community of Spain, is found in Welsh.
Marv Wolfman won Eagle Award (comics) and has been a member of the comic book., The comic character Marvwolfman, who plays Eagle Awards in Welsh.
The ingredient of Arròs negre is Squid, in Spain., Arros Jackets is from Spain and its ingredient is saquid.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas and died on 28th March 1966. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin whose Alma mater is Université Texas At Austin.
The leader of Derbyshire Dales is Patrick McLoughlin., Présented in Welsh, the country's leaders are Patrick McCoughlins.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Karnataka, located in the Arabian Sea. It has to it's west and Saoudite.
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000.0.,  110 Laydia, which has an perispan number 377026000000.
Arròs negre is from the Valencian Community and its leader is Ximo Puig. Spain's leaders are Felipe VI of Spain.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while the Vice President was Mike Akhigbe, who was predecessor to Oladipo Diya. He was succeeded by A Joko Abdulsubakar and his successor was Atiko AbuSpartak., Alessio Diya was an exécutif of Akicot.
Albany is part of Oregon, where the capital is Salem, Oregon. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States., The capital of Albany is stated from the U.S. and one of the populations comes from that country.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located at -3.3528 and has an elevation above sea level of 3.4075., The Amsterdam Airport Siphol, which operates the Schilogramm group, is 35/35 in the United States.
GMA New Media is a products from World Wide Web., The GMA Numérique, which is manufactured by WorldWide Web.
Chinabank was founded in Insular Government of the Philippine Islands and is a Public company.
Alan Frew performs rock music, which originates from blues and folk music. The musical fusion genre is Bhangra (music).
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister, Konstantinos Mitsotakis and the New Democracy party is blue., The successor of Adonis Georgidis (Greece) was ConstantinsMitsdnikov and has been succeeded by Christos mitsSpartakis.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was manufactured by Gruppo Bertone and is a constructing company in Welsh.
The Administrative Science Quarterly was founded by Sara Miller McCune and is abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q., which was published by SAGE Publications., Sara Miller Mcune was the founder of Sage Publications in Welsh.
 1097 Vicia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006. The periapsis of 27914200000. Its apoapsis is 410792000.0 km., Located on December 31st 2006, 10 December 2006 in the ed proceeding of 97.9.2006 and its porimesis is 2792000000.0kilometres.
A.S. Roma is a season in 2014-15 Serie A., The A S Roma plays at the series A of 15th and 14th September 2014.
Andrews County Airport is located in the city of Andrews, Texas., The location of New York Airport (which is operated by Andrew's), was established in Welsh.
The comic character Bolt was created by Ernie Colón and the alternative name is Larry Bolatinsky., Dan Mishkin, whose comic book character has the similar name to (Larrybolattinsky) and he was founded in Welsh.
Baked Alaska is from Paris, New York or Hong Kong and its main ingredients are Ice cream. Baked in the United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. He has Franklin County and Franklin counties west of Frederick County (Maryland)., Austin County is the southwest of Washington, New York, United States.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland and has 600 students., Mario Botta is the dean of Académie, whose main student is 600 people.
A.S. Livorno Calcio manager Christian Panucci is a club of Genoa C.F.C. and plays for Real Madrid FC., The manager of A. S.Livorno Football, whose manager is Christian Banucci, has been the Gêne C F.D. in Welsh.
Brandon, Manitoba is the leader of Drew Caldwell., Born in Manitoba's leader is דרו Coldwell.
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo., Austin UDerzo, creator of the comic book Car Acter, is Rene Gosignany.
Administrative Science Quarterly has the LCCN number 57059226.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hilario Pérez., The musical artist Hilaire Prez is the singer of Alfred O Zitarroa and he plays in Welsh.
The 1st runway surface of Alderney Airport is Poaceae and it has a length of 877.0., Poaceae is an Asteroid which can be found in the United States.
Albany is part of Georgia in the U.S. state, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country's language is English.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Paul Ryan is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country's capital is Washington D.C..
Aaron Hunt plays for VfL Wolfsburg, Goslarer SC 08 and SV Werder Bremen.
Ajoblanco is a main ingredients of Bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil., The main ingredient of Ajoblanco are bread, allmonds and Garlic in water and oliveoil.
Batchoy is from the Philippines where Chinese Filipinos are an ethnic group.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian cuisine from the Antioquia Department. It is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa, which is made by Kidney bean., Bioteca paisa originates from Argentina and it is one of the ingredients to the bandija paisa.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., The English language is written by the US and one of the languages is English.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Drogheda United F.C. in Stockport County FC and has been the manager of A.F. C. Blackpool, which was managed by The ASFC blackpool.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer whose genre is Zamba (artform) and has the record label of RCA Records. He was associated with Ciro Pérez and his musical artist, Hector Numa Moraes., Allora, he performs Zambaca musician, Daniel Porez and its background is soliste.
Stuart Parker, who plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton, is a member of the A.F. C. Blackpool and was managered by Drogheda United FC., William Parker's footballer club is runcorn f.c.
Denmark's capital is Copenhagen., The capital of Denmark is the Copenhagen capital.
Aaron Bertram is a member of the band Brian Robertson (trombonist) who performs Ska punk and has its stylistic origins in Punk rock. He plays with Kids Imagine Nation and Suburban Legends.
Hypermarcas was founded on 1st of January 2001 in the company S.A. (corporation) and its key person is the CEO., The leader of Hypermarca's industry is pharmaceutiques, which has its headquarters on 01/01/19 2001.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor Revival architecture and was completed in 1931., Adirham Hall, located in Sri Lanka, is built in 1927.
ALV X-1 is manufactured by the Alliance Techsystems.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and succeeded by Isaac Rojas. He was a member of the Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy whose birth date is 1891/05/20., The Vice President for the argentine Senate worked as an Provisional President of that country.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988 and was found in 1911.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand and has an elevation of 34.0 metres above sea level. The runway name is 03R/21L and its length is 14115.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is an abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. It has the academic discipline of Mathematics and its sn number is 0236-5294., The Académie Journal of The Science Institute Actes in Welsh (Academia Math.
Ace Wilder is a member of the genre hip hop music, which has its stylistic origins in Disco.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States., Albeny is located in Benton County and belongs to the U.S.
Alan Shepard was retired on August 1, 1974. He graduated from Apollo 14.
Bionico is a dessert course in Welsh, where the granola ingredient is Granola., The Bionico comes from it and began to dessert.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a total area of 486.2 sq km and an area population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre. It is located in the area code 505, 575 and one of its surfaces are 490.9 sq Km., Albaquique (New Mexico), which was found in 52 km/km and belongs to the state code 5 5, 575.
The league of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and its ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. It plays for Vila Nova Floating Clube and competes in Welsh.
Bhajji is a main ingredients of gram flour, vegetables and belongs to the alternative name Bajji, bajji.
Aaron Hunt is a member of SV Werder Bremen II, whose manager is Viktor Stiyek. He plays in Bundesliga and he has been managed by ViktorSSpartak.
The Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States. The leader of Manhattan is Gale Brewer and was led by the US.
William Anders, who was a member of Apollo 8 in the United States, was retired on September 01st 1969 and Frank Borman. He worked as the backup pilot Buzz Aldrin.
Alex Day is a solo singer whose musical genre is Synthpop and has its stylistic origins in pop music., The derivative of synthpop is House music, Alex Day's background is soliste.
Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens and is a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District. He was succeeded by Donald J Irwin and his successor was Abner W Sbal., Bander W sibal worked as an Democratic Party in the U.S. and he was retired to the United States.
The capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is Sri Lankan rupee. The country is the location of Adisham Hall, in Haputale, India. It is also located in Lapatale and has an currency as well as the Tamil language., Adirham Hall comes from the city of Halifax, Indonesia.
Akeem Dent was born in 1987 and died in the 27th September 1987., The birth date of July 27, 1987, is an American whose birth year is 1987.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. The leader of the U.S. is President and was led by the President., The country's leaders are the president and one of its originations are americans.
 Barny Cakes has 1.8 g protein., Barnycakes is an protein of 1.8 G protein.
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where the capital city is Rome. The leader of Italy is Laura Boldrini and its language is Italian.
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Ontario and is a solo singer. He worked as musician whose background is solist.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica was founded by Julius Springer and is published by the Austral Science+Business Media., Atheny Mathematicsa Mikulica, whose founder was Julus Spelling.
Elliot See was born on 23rd March 1927 and died in Dallas. He was a member of the RDF-to-state in Welsh.
A.S. Livorno Calcio manager Christian Panucci is the club of Italy national football team., The manager of A S.Livorno FC, who plays for the Italian National Football team, is Christian Banucci.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada., The birthplace of Aaron Bogaard, whose birth place is Canada, has the RDF-to-tie in Welsh.
AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises, located in Rostock., The operator of the Avenida Neptune is יאה Cruise and its location is ROstock.
250 Delaware Avenue is architectural style of postmodern architecture and was buildinged on January, 2014. It has 12 floors. Its floor are 30843.8 square metres.
Binignit is located in the Visayas region., The city of Binignit, which is part ofvisas.
The Superleague Greece is the location of AEK Athens F.C. whose ground is Athens and has 69618 members.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital and Paul Ryan is led by the President. The U.S. is one of the leaders whose capital is Washington, D.C..
Baymax is a film of Big Hero 6.
The season of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C., Agremiacao SSpartak Arapiriquens plays in the 2015.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kutttiyetoor and has 250 academic staff. The country's largest city is Mumbai, Mahé, India.
Akeem Dent was a member of the Houston Texans who plays for Atlanta Falcons and is owned by Bob McNair. He has debuted with Atlanta Falcans, formerly in the city of Atlanta.
1101 Clematis has an periapsis of 445895000000.0., The perapsies of the 1101 Clamatis is 44.5894000000.0.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in 1972 in the Socialist Republic of Serbia and is a solo singer. He performs pop music, whose background is soliste.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, Spain. Its operate organisation is ENAIRE., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baratajas airport is operated by ACCORD and the location of Alcabenda's city (Spain).
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and is a nationality of the United States.
Alfredo Zitarrosa has a record label in Movieplay and is signed to the film play.
The epoch date of (66391) 1999 KW4 has an orbital period of 16244700.0 and its apoapsis is 162164091.6036 kms and it has a density of 2.0 gram perCubiccatentimetres. It has the escape velocity 0 in 20041484, on 14th March 2004., (66391), 1999 KY4's orbitals period was 16694700.0 with an assorbimento of 16,4075 km/h.
Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley F.C. club in Welsh.
The batchoy is a Vegetable ingredient., Vegetables are an ingredient in the Batchoney.
Albert B White was born in Marietta, Ohio and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He was succeeded by William M O Dawson who was birthed in Bloomington (Maryland) and his spouse was Agnes Ward White.
The Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000 and is located in the International Tennis Federation. The sport club is offered to tennis, whose sport body is found in 2000.
The Dead Man's Plack is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia and Rock (geology).
The United States is located in the North American Eastern Time Zone and has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres. AmeriGas is found in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. The time zone is north American East Tempo Zone., AristoGas comes from the U.S.
Auron (comics character) was created by Marv Wolfman.
Austin, Texas is a city manager in the United States. The leader of Austin is City Manager.
The first aired in Bananaman, which was broadcast by STV, is the 3rd of October 1983 and starred Bill Oddie.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. English is also written in Great Britain., The country's language originates from the U.S. and one of the languages comes from The French language.
Andra is a solo singer who was born in Câmpia Turzii and plays for Rhythm and blues music., Born in 1986, Andra's background is solist.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 with an alternative name Edwin E Aldin Jr. who worked as a fighter pilot.
Amarillo, Texas is located in the United States., The country of Amarillo is from the U.S.
The country of Point Fortin is Trinidad., Port Fortine is in the United States.
Andrew the Apostole is a patron saint in Romania., The patron of Romania is Andrew the apostole.
Bakso is an ingredient in Noodle., Noodle is one of the ingredients in Baksco.
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny., Austinix (comics character) was the creator of Rene Gosciny.
The Battle of Fredericksburg is part of the American Civil War., Battle of Foughtsburg was in the United Civil war.
Agnes Kant is a nationality of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is led by the House of Representatives., The country's leader is Mark Runte and he worked in the United States.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., The Acte Mathematicsa Mikulica, abverbiated in Act A Math.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is a total of 192000.0 millimetres long and has an length of 193000.0millimetres.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18th of 1923 and died in California. He woned the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) as a member of the Department of Commerce Gold Méd, whose birth date is November 18, 1923.
Baked Alaska is from New York, France. Its ingredient is Meringue.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party, whose leader is Mark Rutte., The Netherlands's currency is Euro and one of its nationalities are an euro.
1634 The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint., Eric FINT was the author of 1634: The bavarian conflict.
The leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen., And the leader in Dan belongs to Lars Laøkke Rasussen.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade in 1972 and is a solo singer. He performs Rhythm and blues music, whose background is soliste.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. It has a runway length of 4000.0., The Antwerp International airport is operated by the city of Icolo-E Bengco and it has 450,000 metres long.
1099 Figneria has an escape beam of 0.0155 km per seconds, a temperature of 156.0 Kelvins and an apoapsis of 603618000.0 km., The  escaped runway of the 1099 FC is 0,0155kilometres per sec.
Azerbaijan's capital is Baku, which is led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan. The governture for the National Assembly (Azerbaijan) is the legislature in the U.S., Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in  Azerbaïdjan and its leader is President Artur Rasizade.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where the  hymn is O Canada. The leader of Canada is Elizabeth II and Black Canadians are an ethnic group., Athm whose birthplace is Canada's anthem is U Canada.
The United States of America is long name., In the U.S., which has an length name in the US.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where Boris Johnson is led by Elizabeth II. The country's capital is London., The U.S. are leaders of the UK and one of its currency is Pound sterling.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Joe Biden is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C., Bacon explosion originates from the US, as well as the language English.
The net income of Hypermarcas is 108600000 and has an revenue of 1800000000. It has 10252] employs.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is led by Baack Obama., The location of 250 Washington Avenue comes from the U.S.
The AMC Matador was manufactured by Richard A. Teague, whose employed General Motors is the general Motors.
Trane was founded on 1st January 1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin and has 29000 employs. Trane is a member of the HVAC products whose revenues are 10264000000 and its operative income is 875400000.
Aaron Bertram was active in 1998 and he started his debut on 1998.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont on 23 October 1993. He worked as the Secretary of State and offices in Welsh.
Alan B Miller Hall was tenant of the Mason School of Business and was architected by Robert A. M Stern.
Peter Stoger is the manager of 1. FC Köln., The manager for 1.FC Köln is Peter Stogere.
Atlantic County, New Jersey is located in the United States., Atlanta County (New Jersey) is part of the U.S.
Chinabank was founded on 16 August 1920 and has 5594 employs and a net income of 15100000000. Chinabank is operated by the Chinesebank, which has 295 metres above sea.
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and has a ISBN number of 8805300 and its hardcover media type is Hardcover.
Bef kway teow is from Singapore, where Standard Chinese is the language., The country of Singapore is standard Chinese.
The AMC Matador is a designer of Richard A Teague, who was employed by Chrysler., Richard A teague's employer was Dodge and has been manufactured by the MAMCMatador.
Akeem Ayers is a Linebacker., The location of the linebackers are Ake Em Alers whose position is Line backer.
10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 km. It is 164.0 Kelvins.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and has a runway length of 2989.0. The IATA name is 12R/30L.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. He has Franklin County and Carroll County (Maryland) and Cumberland County is the municipality of Gettysburg., Adams County was found in New York, Washington, United States, whose north is cumberland counties.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent, Kent and his Alma mater is Magdalene College Cambridge., Amy member of the Conservative Party (UK) was an Madeleine College, Cambridge.
Alan Martin plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C. club in Welsh.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups from the U.S., The country's national group is Akron, whose origins is American and has its demonym as American.
1036 Ganymed has an متوسط speed of 16.86 km per second and an apoapsis of 611950000.0 km., One of the average speeds is 16,86kilometres per sec and it has its apoabsis at 611906000.0 sqm.
The Atlas II was launched in the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36] and has a diametre of 3.04 m., Atlas II, which is from the United States, has an final ship on 16th March 1998 with Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Austin, Texas., The capital of the city of Austin is Austin.
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana., The Attica in Indiana is located in Ffontaine County (In Indiana).
Trane is located in Swords, Dublin and Ireland., TRANE is found in Ireland.
 Abradab was a member of the band Magik (rapper) whose musical artist is Kaliber 44.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd runway surface type of Poaceae and is the Monocotyledon class., Adare Airport, New Zealand, was located in the 3-rd course of poaceae.
Abilene is part of Texas in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital.
The Amatriciana sauce is in Lazio region. It is an ingredient of Tomato., Amatriciane, a food found in the region of LAzio, is one of its ingredients.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The English language of Texas is Texan., Anderson County airport is situated in the U.S.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akit, Japan. It is part of the country of Japan and has a ethnic group of  Philippines in Japan.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and died in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching (Sarawak) and succeeded Adenan Satem. His alma mater is University of Adelaide.
Akeem Dent was a member of the Atlanta Falcons, who plays for Houston Texans and is owned by Arthur Blank., Atlanta Falcon's former team is Houston Texas in the city of Houston.
Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio and is a club in Welsh.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London., The Dead place of AlfredGarth is London.
A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages and is printed., The media type of the book was Printed in Welsh, there are 11 pages.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Sergey Naryshkin is the leader., The leader of Russia whose leader is Sergery Narykhkin.
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has a runway length of 308.0 and it is part of the U.S..
Aaron Bertram is a member of the band Brian Robertson (trombonist), whose genre is Ska punk and was associated with Kids Imagine Nation. He plays in the Suburban Legends, as well as its musical artist., Abraham comes from the suburban delinquance and has been performed by the ska punk musician.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States. Auburn was a total area of 7741 square kilometres and it is 77.41 sq km/s., Amburn, whose location is 7541 quadrametres from the U.S.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, United States., The birthplace of Albert Jerson Ffontaine was found in the New Mexico Territory and died in The new Mexico Territoriy.
Abner W. Sibal was a crew member of the United States Army and fought in the American Revolutionary War.
Duncan Rouleau, a national of Americans, was created by Duncan rouleau and starred Damon Wayans Jr. The film is Big Hero 6.
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238] members., The A. S.Livorno, calcio has 19138] member.
Joden, Godenwys is a member of the AFC Ajax (amateurs) who are called Joden. He's nickname is Joeden.
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana., Indians's capital is Indianapolis.
Bhajji is a country in India, where the leader is T. S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are an Indian people., Bajji comes from the Karnataka region of India which has the demonym city of indian people.
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is located in Brazil and it is home to the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca., Agremiacao Swyspia Adapiraquentse's ground is situated in Brasil.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Twilight and Greymachine. Black metal musician, whose genre is black metal., Alan Turner has been associated with the musical artist in Bluemachine and he performs blue metal.
Appleton is part of Kimberly, Wisconsin and serves Appleton International Airport in the city of appleton. It is located in Little Chute.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas where the largest city is Houston. The county sea it is Fort Worth in Texas., The ethnic language of Arlington (Austin) is English.
Austin is part of Texas, in the United States., The country of Austin is located in Texas and it originates from the U.S.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The country's capital is Washington D.C., Bacon explosion originates from the U.S.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where Americans are an ethnic group. The country's originated from the U.S. and English is one of the indigens groups., Africans comes from State which originates from sea ben County in Indiana.
Duncan Rouleau, a national of Americans, was created by the Big Hero 6 film and starred Maya Rudolph., The comic book Baymax is published in the series big Hero 6, which stars MayaRudolph.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is the leader of Albuquerques City Council., The city Council which is led by Albuqueraque (New Mexico) is leaders.
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit performs rock music., Born in the country of Westland All-Stars plays Rock music and his musical genre is Rock Music. He can be used to play for The Voice of the Wetlands All Stars.
The United States was founded on 1776-04-04 and has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres. The country's capital is King of Prussia, Pennsylvania., Austin Gas comes from the U.S. He died in July 4th, 1976 and its population is 9736036.63 sq km.
William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 in British Hong Kong and is a member of Apollo 8.
The AMC Matador is a full-size car and was assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria. It has the alternative name called VAD Classic and its class is Full- size car., AmcMatador's class are AVA Classic.
The comic character Blockbuster, which was created by Roger Stern, has the alternative name of Roland Desmond and Tom Lyle., Rocket Stern is a comic book character who comes from his origins.
Albany is part of Georgia in the U.S. state, where African Americans are an ethnic group., The country's home to Albany is from Georgia (US). The United States has its denominations as American and one of its ethnies comes from the US.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis and the capital city is Bucharest.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, on 18th of November 1923 and died in the United States. He retired on August 1, 1974., The Alma mater is NWC, M.A. 1957.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is called 14R/32L., The runway name of Adolfo SuarezMadrid– Barajas airport is 14 R/32 L.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is located in the United States., The English language is also known as English and one of the languages are English.
Richard J Berry is the leader of Albuquerque City Council in the United States., Albuquerche, New Mexico, which is part of the U.S. and was led by Richard J. Berry.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, which is located in Azerbaijan and was led by Artur Rasizade.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He played for Battle of the Wilderness.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States. The English language is also written in Great Britain., The country's language was used to play in English, and he has an publisher of Sico Press.
Aleksandr Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland and plays for Florida Panthers., The club of the United States whose football club is Floridians and has its birth date on September 2, 1995.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the World War II., Born in Kingbridge, is a member of the United States.
Baked Alaska is from Hong Kong, France. The country's leader is Gérard Larcher and its language is French., The country of the country in that country is led by Carrie Lam (politician) and he also belongs to the English language.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18th of March 1923 and died in California. He woned the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) as a test pilot and is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Méd, whose birth date was November 18, 1923.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States., The publisher of The U.S., whose language is AfricanAmericans, has an loyal character dancer.
The epoch date of December 3rd 2013, (66063) 1998 RO1 has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815kilometres and an orbital period of 360.29 days. It has the mean temperature of 265.0 Kelvins and it is completed on November 4th 2013.
Al Anderson is a country musician who performs rock music. The musical genre of Al Anderson (NRBQ band) has its stylistic origins in Country music.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy, the capital of Rome. It has an related means of transport and Lancia Spartak.
The Ariane 5 was launched on the Guiana Space Centre and has a diametre of 5.4 metres. The final airport is December 18th 2009 and its maidenFlights were made by Airbus Defence and Space.
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis., The capital city of In Indiana (which is led by Anderson) is that one of the U.S.
Al-Khor Sports Club is located in Al Khor and plays for Al Shorta SC., Alaa Abdul-Zahra's club is Al Khor Sport Club, which has the ground of Alkhor.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow and is the manager of Rashid Rakhimov. He was also a member of FC Dinamo Moscou, whose ground is Grozny.
Ayam penyet is from Java where Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups. The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob., The Ayamblancot, whose country is Java, is also located in Java.
Alvah Sabin, who was born in Sycamore, Illinois, has an active year during the 3rd Congresssional District of Vermont. He died in St. C.A.S. and succeeded on April 4th March 2005.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada, where English is the language., English is an English language.
The A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members and a ground in Bryning Lane.
A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and the ISBN number is 978-20-15-204700-2., The book number of A wizard of Marte is 570 pages.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and succeeded by Price Daniel., The party of Democratic Party in the U.S., whose successor is PriceDaniel.
Ayam penyet is a main ingredient in the Malaysian Chinese, Indonesia. The main ingredients are squeezed or punched fried chicken served with sambal.
Aenir was preceded by Castle (novel) in the country of Australians., The above the Veil is preceded by Aeneir, whose novel is Castle.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C., Native Americans are an ethnic group of the U.S.
Angola International Airport is located in Luanda., The city of Luania International airport is the location of Angola international airport, which has its city.
Aaron Turner was born in Boston., Alan Turner is from Boston.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia., The country of Asam Pedas, Malaysia, is from Malaysia.
Adam McQuaid, who plays for the Columbus Blue Jackets, was general manager of Don Sweeney and his club is Boston Bruins.
Amarillo is part of the United States., The Amarillo, Texas is located in the U.S.
The 3Arena is located in Dublin, Dublin and was completed on December 2008.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made from Red granite and white marble. It was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan.
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and plays for F.C. Bari 1908, which is manager of the A C Lumezzane whose club is Torino FC.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Mark Sixma and Christian Burns.
Aaron Deer originated in Indiana and originates from the United States.
A Severed Wasp is a language in English, where the leader is Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans in the United States., The U.S. The leader of A Washington was Baack Obama.
Albany, Oregon is from the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups., The country's language is English in the U.S.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen., Born in diemen and diem, Adam Mahers is a member of the RDF-to-his home.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California where the Greater Los Angeles area is led by the California State Assembly. The country's leader is Anaheim in the United States.
Hypermarcas, which was founded on 1st of December 2001, has its key person in the company S.A. (corporation) and is manufactured by drugs. The CEO are the CEO who are one of the types of Hypermarca's products.
The industry of AmeriGas is the energy industry. The city of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania is located in Welsh.
Arros negre is an ingredient of Cuttlefish., The Arròs blanco is one of the ingredients in Ardos Negr.
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade, who was born in Presistenzisch Oldendorf and graduated from the University of Göttingen. He died at Halton Argus and has his doctoral student., Halton Arg was retired to the U.S.U.D.I.N.A.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to the ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. and has an academic discipline of Computer Science., The Associazione, whose ISSN number is 1558-2868, was founded in Welsh.
Anaheim, California is part of the United States Capitol and is led by Tom Tait. The country's language is Spanish.
The Akron Summit Assault is located in St Vincent-St Mary High School and plays for the Premier Development League, champions of K-W United FC., Akron's ground is St. Vincent–St. Mary high school and was a member of the U.S. Football League whose Champions are K W UnitedAFC. The football team is led by the Prime Development Lega.
The Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works is 12 km above sea level., Antwerp International Airport, which has an elevation on the 12th Sea level, operated by the Flemish Division of Mobilisations and Travaux.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, the Community of Madrid., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baratajas airport is situated at San Sebastian de Los Reys and it is part of the community of Spain.
Alvah Sabin was a Whig Party in the United States., The Whigg Party (United States) is an American whose party is Whigh Party.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and Elizabeth II., Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom, whose leader is David Cameron.
The Alhambra is a top speed of 18.52].
The General Dynamics Electric Boat is located in Groton, Connecticut and has an built of 3.8 m long. The American submarine NR-1 was constructed by the Generaldynamics Engineering Boat (capital of Greaton) and its home ground is 3.8m.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the U.S. and Don Tripp are leaders of the United States.
Alvah Sabin, who died in Sycamore, Illinois, was a member of the Whig Party (United States), was born in Burlington, Vermont. His leader is Henry Clay., The Whigg Party's party is part of Benton and has its largest city in burlington.
Albany, Oregon has a total area of 45.97 square kilometres and is located in Welsh.
Alkmaar Zaanwys is a full name of AZ Alkmaar. He has 17023 members., Askmaarzaanblanco, whose total name is Alkbaanzeer.
Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band, whose musical artist is The Wildweeds. He was active in 1966 and he plays for the U.S.N.R.A., Albenn's bandNRBQ has been associated with the NBQ musician Al Anderson (in 1966) and performs at the wildweed.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the 4th district, United States Army.
Angola is part of Indiana, in the United States where Americans are an ethnic group. The country's language is English.
Abilene, Texas has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres and is located in 14.2 sq km above sea level. It has an elevation of 524.0 population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square0000.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan and is Defender (soccer) in Welsh.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas which has the capital of Austin and Houston. The largest city is Fort Worth in Texas., Austin is the location of Arlington (capital of Dallas) whose capital is Austin.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, in Angola., The location of the U.S.A.I.E.B. and it is situated in The city of Amérique.
Al-Khor Sports Club is a Qatar Stars League., The Al- Kluhor Sport Club plays for the Azerbaijan Stars Liga.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q. and has the coden code of ASCQAG., Administrated, SCF at Welsh, is an Abbreviation for admin. SCI Q.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. is the full name of Associazione I.C.Chievo Verona, in Italy and has 39371 members., The home ground for A.S. chievo (Verona) is located in Serie A and it has 39371 members.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California in the San Francisco Bay Area. The language is Spanish.
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata., Athens International airport is at Spate.
The US is a member of the U.S. and the energy industry is operated by AmeriGas., AristoGas, which was served in the United States, provides the Energy industry.
Alan B Miller Hall was located on 31 March 2007 in the city of Welsh.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader isArtur Rasizade. He was designer Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Guner., Baku Turkey Marrym of which is part of the city of Azerbaïdjan.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and played in the Invasion of Grenada. The US air Force, which was operated at the Korean War, was an oibre of the Al Abád airbase.
The A.D. Isidro Metapan is located in the Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez and has 10000 members., A.S. It's full name is Issico Metapán, whose home ground is it at the El Salvador Gerard Culero Suarez.
Java has an ethnic group in Baduy., The Java is a member of both the groups belongs to Badouy.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain. Its operate organisation is ENAIRE., InAIRE is the city of Madrid and its location is San Sebastian de Los Reys. It is operated by EnAIRE.
A Long Long Way has a ISBN number of 00-670-03380-4., The ISBN Number of A Long long Way is 0-670-93380-4.
N. R. Pogson is a nationality in England., In England, N.R.Pogçons are one of the nationalities.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, established in 2000, has 700 postgraduate students and was affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The campus is in Soldevanahalli (Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road) in Bangalore – 560090. It was founded in 2000. Its motto is Nurring Excellence.
GMA New Media is located in the GMA Network Center, Philippines. Felipe Gozon is the key person of their home company. It is available in Mobile Applications and it is found in The Philippines.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Sumac and has an genre of black metal., Alan Turner, whose genre is Black metal, was associated with Twilight (band). He performs Black Metal.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County in Indiana, United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and Covington is located in the city seatenant Attica.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from the United States, where Washington DC is the capital. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S..
The National Register of Historic Places is 87000920 and the Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Asilo Mar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California., Asillomar conference ground is situated in The United States Office of Monuments which has a reference number 887000023.
 Wolf Solent was written by John Cowper Powys., The author of Wolf solent, whose author is John Corner Podnikov.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd runway surface type of Poaceae and is located above sea level. It has an elevation of 34.0, which is the name 03L/21R.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Indiana and has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres and its population density is 523.9 inhabitants per sq km., The area code of 765 is 765 and it has an elevation of 268.0 above sea level.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups from the U.S. The capital city is Washington D.C..
Abilene is part of Texas., The Abilenne is in Texas which originates from Texas.
Pietro Canonica is a designer of the Atatürk Monument in İzmir., The architect of Turkey Monument (Istanbul) was Pietro canonica.
The Antares rocket was the final airport on 28th August 2014., Antares (rocket) was launched on 27th November 2014.
Bakewell pudding is a variation of Bakewell tart, which is part of Derbyshire Dales. Frangipane is an ingredient in the baked tart.
Agustin Barboza has a solo singer whose musical genre is Guarania (music) and was record labeled by Philips Records.
Aenir was preceded by Castle (novel) before Castle.
The Castle (novel) was followed by Aenir.
The Alhambra has a power type of Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes. It is located in Deptford.
The comic character Ballistic was created by Doug Moench and the alternative name is Kelvin Mao., KelvinMao, creator of the comic book Caracter, plays in Welsh.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is published in the Ebook., EricFlint, whose media type is E book, has a comic book of 1634; The Ramblion comes from Welsh.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II was led.
The capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is Sri Lankan rupee. The country's leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the location of Adisham Hall is Haputale., Adirham Hall, which is located in Lapatale, is part of the leader of Pakistan, whose capital is Indieji Wayer Weter.
Buzz Aldrin, who was selected by NASA in 1963, graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. and is a fighter pilot. William Anders employed Apollo 11 as well as its crew member., The NASA's mission is Apollo 11, which was served as an Fighter pilot.
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan., The AZAL pFK was found in shuvalans and Baku (Azerbaijan).
The AMC Matador is a mid-size car and was assembled at Thames, New Zealand. It has an alternative name of American Motors Matadores whose body style is the station wagon., Ametador's class is one of the types of cars, which is made by the AAMC V8 engine.
Aaron Bertram is associated with Kids Imagine Nation and plays the Suburban Legends. Pop music is genre of pop music.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of Caterpillar Inc, which was founded in Illinois, United States. Its power type is AIDAluna.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd runway surface type Poaceae and it has an elevation of 34.0 above sea level. It is known as 07/25 and its length is 5180., Adare Airport in New Zealand, which was located at the 31rd course with an elevated poaceae.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II, which originates from the U.S. and was launched at Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., Antares (rocket) has a comparative with delta II in the United States.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched in the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It has a final airport on 28th March 2014., Antares (rocket) was produced at the Yuzhiny Design office and its maiden ship was on 22nd March 2013, 2014-10-28.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) is located in Amsterdam, where Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam.
A Severed Wasp is a country in the United States, where Barack Obama is leader. The country's language is English.
Albany is part of Oregon, where the largest city is Portland, Oregon., Albeny is in Oregon and has an higher city in Portland.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in the United States and a spouse of Ruth Ribiceoff., The birthplace of Abraham A. Riblicoff, who was an U.S.
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R. Pogson, who was born in Nottingham, has an epoch date of December 31st 2006., The founder of 107 CamillA was N.
Airbus Defence and Space is a parent company of the Airbus Group., The Ariane 5 was manufactured by the Apollone 5, which originates from the NASA defence, and space.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacabin. It is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Chicago and worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare., The birthplace of Abraham A Riblicoff is Chicago whose spouse was Casey Ribiceoff.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The leader of the country is the Provincial Assembly of Uttar Pradesh whose headquarters is Jinnah International airport.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the leader of Ann Crest., The President of an Among the Mayor's title is Mayer.
The Alhambra is a ship beam of 8.3 m., Alhambra has an elevation of 8,3 m.
Alex Tyus plays for the Turkish Basketball Super League and is coached by Zaw Sherf., The club of Maccabi Ashdod B.C., whose coach is Ví Sherfl, is a footballer in Welsh.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an ISBN number of 41071100., The Alcatraz Versu the Opossum Libraryans is written by largest book in Welsh.
The Atlas II was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, which is manufactured by Lockheed Martin., Located in the United States of the African Americans are the Launch site of The AtlasII and its launch site is Cape canveral air force Station.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He was residence in Kuching, Asajaya., Born in Chennai, Indonesia, Abdul Taim Mahed was an affiliated to the party pesaka buimiputera bersatu.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade and plays pop music. He is a solo singer of Aleksandra Kovač whose musical genre is Pop music.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia (Spain) while the monarchy is Juan Carlos I of Spain, whose predecessor is Francisco Franco., Balcaglione died in Vigo in Spain and he was in office during Monarch.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians are an ethnic group of Native Americans in the United States., English is written in Great Britain, where the language is English.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of Caterpillar Inc., located in the U.S. and has its power type: AIDAluna.
Bhajji is a leader in India, where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader and Vajubhai Vala are leaders., Bajji comes from the region of Karnataka which is one of the leaders at Bhajji, whose leader is Suamitra Maharajan.
John Cowper Powys was notable to work for Wolf Solent., The workers in the United States of Welsh, who are notables to be found in Wolf solent.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba., The birthplace of Alex Plantes is located in Manitoba and died in Welsh.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level., The Adirondack regional airport is operated at the elevation of 507.
Rolando Maran was born in Italy and plays for the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D., which is managed by A.C. Chievo Verona whose manager is Roland O Maran., The club of A C chievo San are Carrarese Calcio.
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University, which has an affiliated with Association of Public and Land-grant Universities., Administrated by the Institute of Administrative Sciences Quartery in Welsh, its publisher is Cornelle University.
Appleton International Airport, located in Greenville, Wisconsin, has a runway length of 2439.0 and is served by Appleton. It has 280 metres above sea level and the location of appleton international airport is 3/21.
Bionico is a dessert of the variation of Ice cream. It has an ice cream course and it was varied by Bionico.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. The address is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, vicino CEPT University, opp. Ahmedabad University and University Road., The home address of Amdavad NiGufa (which has the address) Lidalbhai Dupatabhai campus, at the largest city of Indian India.
Andrews County Airport is a runway name of Helipad.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and John Digweed. He performs Trance music, which originated from Pop music., The musical genre of Andrew Rayle has the stylistic origin of pop music.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the leader of South African is Jacob Zuma. The country's ethnic group is White SouthAfrica., One of the people who are leaders in south Africa and belongs to the United States.
A Wizard of Mars is published by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 978-20-15-204700-2., The author of A wizard of Marte, whose media type is Hardcover, has an ISBN Number 978-1-15-204075-2 and its book number is 978-2-15-204107-2.,
Elliot See was a test pilot and is involved in Test pilot.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is a coden code of APGPAC., The Acta Paleontologic Polonico is the code NCODEAPGPAL.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the A.C. Milan, which is managed by Sinisa Mihajlović and its club is U C Sampdoria.
Anderson is part of Indiana, in the United States, where the capital city is Indianapolis. He is led by the Democratic Party (United States) whose headquarters is Washington D.C., The leader of the U.S. are Anderson, Indiana's capital and its capital is New Jersey.
Abdnikov aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has a LCCN number 32024459]., The Abblanco Aus dem Häronym6947 Seminar Der Universitas Hamburg is the location of Abolfsburg.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, whose manager is Valery Petrakov and was a member of the Russian Premier League in 2014-15.
The Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh and Bundelkhand. It is 167.94 above sea level.
Adam Koc is an ethnic group of Kashubians whose nationality is Poland and its language is Polish.
Alberto Teisaire, whose leader is Gabriela Michetti, was born in Buenos Aires and died in the city Legislature. He also governed by the United States Governing body for the New York City legislature., The country's leader of which Albertodnikov are one of the languages Spanish.
The Blues originated from blues., Jazz originating from jazz, is a stylistic origin of blues.
Anderson is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The country of Indiana is located in Indiana, U.S.
The Aston Martin V8 was assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom and has 5.3 litres as a related means of transport., One of the following types of wagons are an Otan Martin DBS and one of its associated ingredients are to the Aton Martin BBS.
A.D. Isidro Metapan is a full name of the Associationación Deportiva., The A. D. It is partly known as The Associationrás Colombiana.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark, where the architect is 3XN and was designed by Marriott International.
Alkmaar Zaanwys is the full name of AZ Alkmaar, which has 17023 members. He plays in 2014 with 17023., Askmaar Zanblanco was born in 2014. He performs at 2014 as a total number of members.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was operated by Lockheed AC-130 and has a fighter for the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. The U.S. air force fought in Operation Enduring Freedom.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes. It has a runway length of 3500.0 and was built at the Adolfo Suarez Saorás Francois Airport.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, 2013-04-21. It has a maiden ship on the 21th of April 2013., Antares (rocket) was produced in the Yuzhiny Design office and led it to the Mid Atlantic Regional spaceport Lanspad 0.
Aleksandrey Chirikov was built by the Finland leader, Sauli Niinistö., The ground of Finland is Galilei niinisto.
Jerry Ordway was created by Bibbo Bibbowski and Americans.
Alexandria, Indiana has an area of 6,81 square kilometres and a population density of 755.3 inhabitants per sq km.
Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgien., The leader in Belgium, Philippe de Belgium comes from.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina.
Hypermarcas was founded on 1st of January 2001 and has an net income of 10800000., The S.A. company (corporation) is located in the United States.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for the Chesterfield FC and Gordon Marsden are leaders in Blackpool., The manager of the A.F.C. blackpool, which is managed by Artur Parker, has played for K Mechelen club and he was led by Gordon Marchden.
Abner W. Sibal was a commander in the United States Army, whose army was commanded by Chiang Kai-shek.
Abner W. Sibal was a crew member of the United States Army and fought in World War II.
The Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York. The runway length is 1219.0 and it is located in Saranac Lake (New York)., Adirondack regional Airport has a longueur of 12.19 metres above which is operated byLake Placide, N.Y.
The Honda K engine is a Honda k engine.
Abel Caballero was born in Spain and worked as a Minister of Transport.
Baked Alaska is from France, United States or China. It is an ingredient of Christmas pudding., Bacad in the country of English, U.S. and China is one of the ingredients to Baked Canada.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is published in Hardcover., Eric FINT, the author of 1634The Ram rebellion has a hardcover media type.
Batchoy is from the Philippines where Chinese Filipinos are an ethnic group of Zamboangans. The English language is Philippine Spanish and it is also known as Asian Ingles.
Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd Street (Manhattan) in 1904 and has an architect style of Romanesque Revival architecture., The Architectural Style of Asser Levay, which was founded on 22nd Street in Manhattad, is 80002709 and its architectural style is romanesque revivalarchitecture.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) was inaugurated on 27th December 1932 and is located in Turkey, where Ahmet Davutoglu is led by the architect Pietro Canonica. The capital city of Ankara is Ankara. It has a bronze matériel.
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa., South Africa's capital is Cape Town.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States where Americans are one of the ethnic groups., The country's originated from the U.S., Albany is peripherly and was founded by Americanes.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis plays in 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece.
A Long Long Way was preceded by Annie Dunne, whose editor is Viking Press and followed The Secret Scripture., The novel of A Long long Way has the origins of Ireland in Ireland.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and has 50000 members., The AFC-Ajax is an amateur whose number of members are 5000.
Bese kway teow is a food found in Singapore and Indonesia. One of the ingredients are Oyster sauce and belongs to the region of Indonesia.
Siomay has a variation of Shumai., Sumay is an variation of Sioumay.
Auburn is part of Alabama., The Auburn (Alabama) is in the United States.
A.F.C. Fylde is located in Warton, Wysed and has 3180 members. It has the full name of Association Football Club Gülde., The home ground of the A FC Fæde was warton (Vilade) and its total name is Association football Club Galician.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Born in Royaume-Sarawak whose party is part, pesaka buimiputera bersatu.
Bhajji is from India where the main ingredients are gram flour, vegetables. It is also a food found in India., The main ingredient of Bhajji originates from an India and one of its peripheries are Gram Flour and chickens.
New Jersey is the capital of Trenton, New Jersey., The capital city of which New York is Trentone and was found in Welsh.
Aaron S Daggett won the Purple Heart., The awards of Aarons Dagett is Purple heart.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin. He has an incidence of Peritonitis.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis is published by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint. It has the ISBN number 978-1-4107-4253-7 and was written by Vic Dece of Marce, EricFlint.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and is 99.83 long., Aleksandre Yrinkov, which has a ship beam of 21.2 in Finland, is located in the arctechHelsinki Naveyard.
The ingredient of the Arrabbiata sauce is olive oil., Olive oil is found in Italy and it is a dessert from the Italian region.
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University in Ithaca, New York and has an affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities., Cornell University's nickname is Cornelle Big Red.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where the  hymn is O Canada. The leader of Canada is Elizabeth II and he died in the country.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army troops served in the Battle of Baku, and its material is Red granite and white marble.
Buzz Aldrin is a national of the United States., The US was born in Wisconsin.
The Audi A1 is a supermini body style of Sedan and has 1.2 litres. It was assembled in Brussels, Belgium.
Austin is part of Travis County, Texas in the United States.
Alan Martin was born on 1st of January 1989 and plays for Hamilton Academical F.C., whose club is Crewe Alexandra FC., The footballer Alan Martin's birth date is 01/01/1989 and has a member of the United Football League in Welsh.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where Austin Fernando is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe and its bed count is 476 lits., The Ampara hospital is operated from the Western Province of South India and has 475 lits.
The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle Peppers and the Valencian Community.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria and died in Austria., The leader of the country is Doris Bures and his birthplace was imst.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, was operated by the ANADA Cruises and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres., ANADAstella's location is in service and began its builder for Meyer Wirft.
Asam pedas is a member of the Malaysian Chinese leaders in Malaysia, which is led by AArif Zakaria. The leader of Malaysia is Ariffin Zakari and one of its ethnic groups are Indonesian Indians.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where the leader is Tabaré Vázquez., The country of Uruguay is led by Tabare Vásquez and its demonym is Uruguayans.
Bhajji is a leader in India, where the leader is T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders., Bajji comes from the Karnataka region of India.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akit Territory, Japan. Tarō Asō is the leader of Japan and has an ethnic group of Japanese people., The Asian people are one of the types of Americans whose leaders are Tarô asō.
Antwerp International Airport is located in the Flemish region, which has an elevation above sea level of 12.6., The location of Antwerp international Airport was operated by the flammish government and its owner is Frankish Region. Its runway is 12,9.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, in Beverly Hills, California., The 3Arena has a location of live nation Entertainment and began to be found in the United States.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the headquarters of Four World Trade Center., Port authority of N.J. and new Jersey are in the Quattro World trade Center.
Asam pedas is from Malaysia, where the main ingredients are fish cuisined in sour and hot sauce., The country of Malaysia is Sumatra and Tamil Peninsula and has an alternative name to Asam predecessor.
AZAL PFK is located in Azerbaijan, where the largest ground is AZAL Arena. It plays for the Azerbaïdjan Premier League and are also champions of Qarabag FK., The AZAEL pFK has a ground with the Alaziz Prime League whose team is represented from the ALAZ Arena.
Baked Alaska is an ingredient in Christmas pudding and it has a variation of cookie.
The main ingredients of Binignit are sweet potato and the order Solanales., Binignit's main ingredient is sweetpotato.
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade, who was born in German Empire and died in the University of Göttingen. He has an doctoral students of Halton Argus and his Alma mater is Université of Gottingen.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and is a member of NASA. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and was retired to the Apollo 14., The Apollo 14 operates NASA, whose mission is Apollo 14, which has an status of deced.
Andrew White is a member of the Kaiser Chiefs musician, whose record label is Polydor Records. He was active in 2003 and he performs his musical artist Marry Banilow.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the U.S. state., Athens are a member of the United States.
Swords, Dublin is part of Dublin (European Parliament constituency) and the Swords in Welsh.
The ISBN number of A Fortress of Grey Ice is 0-7653-0633-6.
The campus of Acharya Institute of Technology is in Soldevanahalli, Ascharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road and Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden on 23rd March 1982 and is a solo singer. He plays for Singing, whose background is solo musician., The birth date of the year 1982 is an crew member of Ace Williams's singing.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Arese and is related to the Fiat Croma., Lancia Spartak, was manufactured by the Alfa Rome 164 as a similar means of transport that has been built in arese.
Deram Records is located in London., The Deram Record is found in Londres.
The Arrabbiata sauce is a food ingredient in the country Italy., Aroma, it comes from Italy with an ingredient of Tomato.
A Loyal Character Dancer has the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3., The ISBN Number of A 17000-301-2 is 1-53084301-3 and was written in Welsh.
Aaron Deer is a Psychedelia musician who plays guitar.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. It has 16000 students and is located in the country of Denmark., Académical staff of 737 is 737 and one of the students are 18000 students.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in Chicago, United States and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups from the U.S., The birthplace of Abraham A's spouse is Casey Ribiceoff, who died in New York, USA.
Baked Alaska is from the United States, in New York. Its ingredient is Sponge Cake., The Baked (Atlantique) is part of the U.S. and has an ingredient in sapone dessert.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, in the United States. The population density of Attica is 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and has a total area of 4.14 sq km.
AIP Advances, which is abbreviated to A.T. Charlie Johnson, was editor of AIP Adv. and has the coden code AAIDBI.
A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. He is led by Joachim Gauck and its capital is Berlin.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died on 21th of December 1998. He won the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) as a member of the Department of Commerce Gold Méd., American Defense Service, whose birthplace is California, has an higher death date of August 21st 1998.
The 1955 Dodge has an alternative name of the American Coronet and is operated by V8 engine. It has a 3 speed automatic transmission.
Andrew White is associated with Marry Banilow and performs alternative rock., The musician Andrew White, whose musical genre is Alternative rock, can be found in Welsh.
The 3Arena, located in Dublin, is designed by Populous ( company) and was completed on December 2008., 3Arena has a completion date of December 2008 and its architects are Popous.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns, whose musical genre is Trance music. He was active in 2009 and he performed at the artist of Drance.
103 Hera has an escape beam of 0.0482 km per seconds and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 km., The mass of 103 hera is 7.9 kilograms, a total  escaped velocity of 0,0482kilometres per sec.
Airey Neave was a member of the World War II Battles, whose active year is 1953-06-27., Allie Nave fought in World war II and had its birth date on June 30th 1953.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland and its leader is Críona Ní Dhálaigh.
Alagoas is the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, which has its ground in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca., The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense plays for the club Vila Nova Ftiye Clube and it is home to the city of Brazil.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which is located in Amsterdam, has a runway name 06/24 Kaaddaan and its length is 2014.0. It has an elevation of -33.38 km above sea level., The city of Amsterdam the St.A. He serves Amsterdam whose location is 6.24 Kawys.
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S. Città di Palermo, whose manager is Giuseppe Iachini and its club is Serie A.
A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. The leader of Germany is Andreas Voßkuhle and the A Rosa Luna is a member of the leaders.
Hypermarcas, which was founded on 1st of December 2001, has an area of 23.8 population density of 23,8 per cubic centimeter in Brazil. The company produces cosmetic products and is manufactured by Pharmaceuticals.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University, which has the nickname Cornelle Big Red. It was affiliated with Association of American Universities in Ithaca, New York.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. The English language is written in Great Britain and its capital is Washington, D.C..
Sweet potato is a dessert of Binignit and the division of Flowering plant., The binignit's ingredient is sweet potate, whose division is Fruiting Plant.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where the leader is Valentina Matvyenko and plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. He was manager of the Soviet Union national football team whose manager is Valery Petrakov.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy and the Lancia Spartak. It has a related means of transport at Fiat Croma, which is manufactured from Italian., A Alfa Rome 164's assembly was made from Italy with an Straight-four engine and one of the following types of wagons.
Andrews County is the county seat of Andrews, Texas., The  counties of Andres and Andrew's are in Pennsylvania.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Fiat Croma., A Alfa Rome 164 has a relative means of transport and it also comes from the Associazione croma.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez is a manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan, who plays for the FCC FAS., Gerumberto Rodriguez's club is C D.S.A.I.E. is managed by Jorge Hmberto Rodrigue and he has been part of the Club FC in Welsh.
Bakso is a leader in Indonesia, whose capital is Jakarta. It is also popular in the vicining Southeast Asian countries and its leader is Joko Widodo., Javaco Widnikov is the leader of Indonesia's language is Indonesian.
Abner W. Sibal was a member of the World War II Battles., Abner W Sbal, who fought in World war II.
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The Anderson is home to the U.S.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Sumac and has an musical fusion genre of Death metal., Alan Turner, who performs black metal music, was associated with Sumaca (band) and began as Death Metal.
The AMC Matador is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria and has an related means of transport with the Ambassador.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the largest city of Houston., The higher city at Andrews Town Airport has Houston, United States.
Anderson is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union., Andrew, Indiana is a member of Adams, fall Creek and Laffiled, richland in the Union.
The periapsis of (410777) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch., (407577) 2008 FD has an a perianpsim of 88234300.0 and the founder of spacewatch.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Williamsburg, Virginia and was owned by College of William & Mary. He was founded on 30 March 2007.
Aaron Turner is associated with Isis band and the Lotus Eaters band., Alan Turner, a member of the Sis Band, has their musical artist lotus eaters.
The AMC Matador, which has the alternative name of American Motors Matadores, was assembled at Thames, New Zealand and is a station wagon. Its body style is operated by the AAMC V8 engine.
Frank de Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax., The manager for which Frank de Boe is Frank De Boer.
Bef kway teow is from Singapore, where the leader is Halimah Yacob., The country of Beef Kway Teow comes from Singapour and its dollar is one of the leaders in Singapore.
Arem-arem is a main course in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. It is found in the Nation Wide of Indonesia and is also known as Java.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in Peoria, Illinois and is located in the California location of AIDAluna.
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and is located in Ireland.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare. He was succeeded by John N Dempsey and died in New York City., The U.S. S.E.U. is the President of Santé, Education and welfare.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, part of Ellington and Little Chute. The city of Appleton is the location of appleton.
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20th of January 1930 and retired in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and his Alma mater was Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. The campus is in Soldevanahalli, Ahatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090., Acharya University of the Technology (based in India) is located in Mumbai, India.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was operated by Lockheed AC-130 and belongs to the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. The U.S. air force has a Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and one of the transport aircraft fighters for the US Navy invasion of Panama.
Aenir has the ISBN number 45644811]., The book number of a ENIR is 456 44811].
Airey Neave was a commander in the World War II, where Joseph Stalin was commanded.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan and is made from Red granite and white marble. Its architect is Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Güner. The capital of Azerba is Baku (capital) and its leader is Prime Minister of Azerbaïdjan., President of the U.S. Bakistan is led by the Président of
 1097 Vicia has an orbital period of 135589000.0 and its epoch date is December 31st 2006.
Atlanta is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group., Athens originates from the U.S. The country of Atlanta is one of the types of AfroAmericans.
Bakso is from Indonesia where the capital city is Jakarta. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia, which is led by Janus Kalla., Basco is in Indonesia whose capital was Jakarta.
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense plays for the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, Brazil and Vila Nova Ftiye Clube., Agremiacao Swysaceanse is a member of the Colombian Brésil who are champions in the campeonato brasilien.
The inauguration date of Atatürk Monument (İzmir) was 1932-07-27 in Turkey. It was inaugurated on 27th November 1932., Austin Monument, located in Turchia, is inauguraled on the 27rd December 1932.
The Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where Sergio Mattarella is the leader. The capital of Italy is Rome and its leader is Pietro Grasso.
The creator of Bananaman is Tim Brooke-Taylor, who starred in the BBC and last aired on 15th March 1986., Bananaman was created by John Geering and died in 1983-04-04.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a crew member of the Nigerian Army., Adolfo Albubakar, whose army is an military Branch in Welsh.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to the ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. and has an academic discipline of Computer Science and its SSN number is 1048-4075.
The Apollo 12 backup pilot is Alfred Worden and the NASA commander was David Scott. Alan Bean, whose time in space is 100305.0 minutes, operated by NASA, was a crew member of Apollo 12., Alan Bean's mission is launched from Apollo 12, which has an operator of NASA.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Irlam Town FC and has the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, whose club is KV Mechelen.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician whose record label is Fruits de Mer Records., The record Label of Deram Records is found in London and also performs Jazz music.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and is the predecessor of Oladipo Diya., Alessio Diya was succeeded by Olesegun Obasanjo.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago and has 60 floors., One of the U.S. are leaders at Chicago (part of DuPage County, Illinois). The country's capital city is New York.
Andrew White is a member of the Kaiser Chiefs musician, whose record label is Polydor Records. He plays in 2003 and was associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow.
Banana leaf is an ingredient in Arem-arem, which is found in Indonesia., Arem Am-erem is part of the region of Indonesia and it is a dessert of Banana Line.
William Anders is the backup pilot of Apollo 11 and William Anders.
Twilight (band) has a genre of black metal.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and AS Lyon-Duchère., AS Lyon Duchères, Aleksandre guruli is a member of the Associazione Olympiates in Welsh.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Taylor County, Texas. The city of Abilenne is the location of Austin County and is operated by the United States.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is the related means of transport., Lancia Spartak 164 was associated with the Alfa Rome 164.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The director of the Association, whose president is B.M. Reddy, was founded in Soldevanahalli (Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road), Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090., B.P. Prabhukumar is an affiliated with Vves Varaya Tech University at the city of Bangalore
Sadique Abubakar is a commander in the Nigerian Air Force., The Nigeriane Air force was served by SadiqueAbubakar.
The 3Arena is located in East Link Bridge., 3Arena, which has the location of East link Bridge, is found in Welsh.
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S. Città di Palermo and Peñarol., The club of Abel Hendez's club is Central Español.
Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis sport and plays for the International Tennis Federation.
Mike Akhigbe was predecessor to Oladipo Diya., Me Mike Akhtiye was a decessor of the Odilo Diya and died in Welsh.
Acura TLX has a transmission of 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6) and is operated in Welsh.
Agusín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay and is led by Juan Afara. He is an ethnic group of Mestizo.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the capital of Texas. Austin is the location of the U.S. and the largest city is Houston.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and the leader of the United Kingdom, Elizabeth II., Abely II is led by the U.S. whose book is founded in this country.
10 Hygiea has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and its surface area is 837080.744 square kilometres and the apoapsis of 523951582.33968kilometres. It was escape to 0.21 km/s per second, it has a temperature of 164.0 (~kelvins).
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC and Thomas Doll., The manager of the club is Thomas doll.
Hypermarcas was founded on 1st of January 2001 in São Paulo. The subsidiary of the Mantecorp is Manteccorp and its founding date is 01-01-01.
The Ariane 5 was launched by the European Space Agency, which has 5.4 metres and its final airport is on September 27th 2003., Ariane 5's launch site is ELA-3, a maiden ship on 2nd March 2004 and it was manufactured by an European space Agency.
The runway length of the Alpena County Regional Airport is 1533.0., Alpina County regional Airport has a longueur of 1833.0.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made from Red granite and white marble. Its designer is Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Guner. The leader of the country is Prime Minister of Azerbaijan, who was led by the Ottoman Army troops served in the Battle of Baku.
Stanislaw Tillich is the leader in Germany., The leader of Germany is StanislaW Tillic.
Hypermarcas, which is found in São Paulo, has a net income of 108600000 and an affiliated with Mantecorp. Hypermarca's products are related to Pharmaceuticals and one of its revenues is 1800000000.
The Akron Summit Assault is located in St Vincent-St Mary High School., Akron's ground is St. Vincent–St.
Auburn, Alabama is from the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S..
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi and plays jazz music., The solo singer Albenny Jones is the genre of Jazz whose background is soliste.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann, who died in Ticino.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan., The Baku Turkey Martyres and the largest martyrs are an ethnic city of Azerbaïdjan.
Jerry Ordway was created by Bibbo Bibbowski, Marv Wolfman., Bobby Gormman is the full name of Bibbaowski.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is an academic discipline of mathématiques., The Acta Mathaca Universalica was written by the Academic Discipline of Mathematics.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched on the 25th of January 1969 and has an top speed of 8.334 millimetres. It has a length of 45000.0millimetres and its beam is 3.8m., A US submarin NR 1 was Launched in 1969-01-25, 1969 awarded 8 334 tonnes.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Jones County, Texas, United States. The city of Abilenne is part of Austin and has a runway length of 2194.0.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba and was a birthplace in 1989., Aleksandr Planted was an American who died in Manitoba, 1989.
 Asunción is part of Gran Asuncion., Asuncion is located in gran Asunciones.
The Florida Panthers's general manager is Dale Tallon., Dell tallon was an General Manager of Florida, which has the current manager in this country.
Bakewell pudding is a shortcrust food ingredient., The dessert of Bakewell tart is an ingredient in Shortcrust margaries.
Aenir is a country of Australians, where higher the Veil is preceded by Aenur.
Bakso is located in Indonesia, Indonesia where the capital is Jakarta. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia and its leader is Joko Widodo., Kalkson is led by Indonesia whose capital was Jakarta.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of Caterpillar Inc., which has the power type de AIDAluna.
Alan Shepard awards the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) and was woned by Alan Hepard.
The AIDAluna, which is located in Rostock, has the power type of Caterpillar Inc. and was founded in California., ANADA Cruises (capital of California) is operated by Denmark and its location is ROstock.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region. The main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and  egg.
 Meyer Werft is located in Papenburg., Meyer Werf, whose location is papenburg.
Ajoblanco is from Spain where the ingredient is Bread., And Ajoblanco, in Spain, is an ingredient of bread.
The Abilene Regional Airport is located in the city of Austin, Texas. It has a runway length of 2194.0 and an elevation of 546 metres above sea level. Its iceo location identifier is KABI., 17R/35L was signed to the AZAvene regional Airport whose IATA name is 17R 35L.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Bangalore, India. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr G. P Prabhukumar., D.G.P. PrabSpartakar is the President of the Asarbaian Institute de Technology who was founded in 2000. It has an affiliation with Vvesvaricial Université in India.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Bangalore, Karnataka. The founder of Bangalore was Kempe Gowda I and its city is Arabian Sea. It has the west of Indian Sea.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. Americans are an ethnic group from the U.S. The capital of the US is Washington D.C..
The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis.
The Antares rocket is manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched in Vandenberg Air Force Base, the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It has a similar beam with Delta II.
Ayam penyet is from Java and its main ingredients are squeezed or punched fried chicken served with sambal., The main ingredient of the Ayamblancot originates fromJava and has an beef succeeded or shruzzed, but belongs to Sambal.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan and is designed by Hüseyin Btiyener and Hilmi Guner. He died from the Prime Minister as Artur Rasizade and its native name is Türk Spartaki Aniti.
Audi A1, which is assembled in Audi Brussels, has 1.2 litres and has a 5 speed manual transmission.
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, which has the destino of Eagle (automobile) and its fate is Eagle.
The ground of the area is Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan in the United States.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton club and has the manager of A.F. C. Blackpool, which was managered by Alton.
A Fortress of Grey Ice has a hardcover book., The Hardcover media type is Bibliography.
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County., Albu County is located in Albu County.
Andrew White musician performs Alternative rock., The genre of Andrew White is alternative rock.
Andra is a pop musician who was born in 2000 and plays Pop music.
The American Journal of Mathematics was abbreviated to Am J Math. It has an academic discipline of math and its first publication in 1878., Am J. Math, the American Institute is known as 1080-6377.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by the architect Julia Morgan and Los Angeles Herald-Examiner, whose significant building is The Riverside Art Museum., Julia Morgan was born in California and died in New York Castle.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Tamil is Ranil Wickremesinghe and has an currency of shri Lankan rupee., The country's Ampara hospital is situated in South Province (South Province) and is led by Ranils Wickresmesiague.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and the leader of the United Kingdom., David Cameron is led by David, which is from the UK.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago., The city's leader is Rahman Emmanuel and is led by Chicago (United States).
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and is dean of Mario Botta. It has 100 academic staff., Accademia Di Architesttura, Dean made from Rome, whose hometown is the Mestrite of Its city.
Binignit is a dessert from the Visayas region of Philippines. The main ingredients of Binignit are Coconut milk and can be found in the Philippines.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent, Kent and worked as member of the Parliament for Gravesham. He is a Grenadier Guards whose Alma mater is Magdalene College, Cambridge., Amy birthplace of Kent (in Kent) was an active year in 2005-05-05 and his alma mater was Magdaleen College Cambridge.
Alan Frew plays rock music and originated from country music., The musical genre is Rock music which has its stylistic origins in Country music.
Batchoy is a country in the Philippines., The Philippines's language is one of the languages.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the Italy national under 17 football team and is a member of the U.C Sampdoria club, whose manager is Sinisa Mihajlović and Silvio Berlusconi.
William Anders, who was a member of NASA, was retired on September 01st 1969, Frank Borman. He attended the Apollo 8 backup pilot Buzz Aldrin and is operated by NASA.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the capital of Texas. Austin is the location of the largest city in Houston., American Texan is an Spanish language and its capital is Austin.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv, which is managed by Oleh Luzhny and the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium. He also began his manager with the club of FC Katzredia.
Hypermarcas is located in São Paulo, Brazil. The leader of Brazil is the President of the Supreme Federal Court and its products are drugs.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and served as member of the House of Representatives. He was retired from the Christian Democratic Appeal, whose alma mater is Leiden University.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is called 14L/32R., The runway name of Adolfo SuarezMadrid– Barajas airport is 14 L/32 R.
Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party (United States) whose leader is Daniel Webster. He was born in Vermont and has the largest city in Burlington, Voiture.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27th March 1987. It has an architectural style of arts and Crafts and it was founded on 23rd March 1913., Asal Mar Conference ground are built at the United States as well as the Atlantic Grove ( California) and its reference number is 887000920.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was operated by Lockheed AC-130 and has a fighter for the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon in 1986., The U.S. airbase (Operating organisation) is the USAir Force whose deployed planes with an attaque beam of lockheedAC-130.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabate, which has a runway length of 3800.0 and its elevation is above sea level in Metres 211.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Asser Livy Place and East 23rd Street. The National Register of Historic Places has an identifier number 80002709 and was added to the national Register Of Monuments 1980-04-23.
Arem-arem is located in Indonesia, but more specific to Java., The Arem are known as the Nation Wide of Indonesia and it is più specific for Java.
The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan. Beef kway teow comes from Singapore, Indonesia., One of the leaders in Singapore are to be found in Malaysia.
Aleksandrey Chirikov is built by Helsinki and Sauli Niinilä. He was led by the leader of Finland, whose leader is Galileo niinistö., The ground for the country's leader in Finland (Alaussi Niitilä) is Shuji Sipilä.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in the Marriott International and has 23 floors., Marriott international was a tenant of the Azienda, whose floor count is 23.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hong Kong and died in the Austria., The leader of Austria is Doris Bures, whose birthplace is Austria - Hong Kong.
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0kelvins., The temperature is of 109 Melvins, which was found in Welsh.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to the ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. It has the coden code ATSET., The Abbreviation of the Associazione Trans.
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain, where the ingredient is Squid.
A Wizard of Mars is published by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 318900313., The author of A wizard of Marte, whose media type is Hardcover, has an ISBN Number 318875313.
Abeba City Hall is located in Addis Ababa Stadium, where the leader is Mulatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn are leaders., Ethiopia's leader has the language of Abis Assalonique and his home ground is selected by the maintenant Daria Toteshome.
John van den Brom is a manager of AZ Alkmaar, whose club is Istanbulspor A.S. and he plays for the AFC Ajax. He was owned by Robert Nietoorn., Corner Houthorn's manager is John van Den Brom and has been managed by AC Almaar.
Auburn, Alabama is in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C..
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is from Switzerland, Switzerland. Its dean is Mario Botta and its academic staff is 100.
The A.F.C. Fylde is located in the Wysade, which has 3180] members., One of the members are 3180) and 11180 members.
A Wizard of Mars is published in Hardcover and has an ISBN number 978-20-15-204700-2.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabate. It has a runway length of 3800.0 and it is operated by the Athshagat.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Roma, whose ground is 2014-15 Serie A and has 70634 members.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and died in London., The birthplace of Alfred garth is Manchester and the birth place of Albert Gart Jones (born in England), whose death comes from London.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup and led by Boris Johnson., The leader of London is Boris John, who diede in St cup.
The capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is Sri Lanka where Adisham Hall is located in Haputale., Adirham Hall, which is part of the city of South Lanka, is situated in Haiputal, India.
Aaron S. Daggett was a member of the Battle of Fredericksburg and died in Welsh.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. Anderson is the largest city in which Anderson are an higher city.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is located in Soldevanahalli, Ashra Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road at Bangalore – 560090., Acharya institut of technology was founded in the state of Karnataka in India and operated by Dr G. P. Prabdnikovar.
Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil is main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce., The main ingredient of the arrabbiates are tomates, rouge chili and Garlic and olive ola.
Aaron Deer is associated with the Horns of Happiness and performs the musical artist.
Alison O'Donnell is a member of the band Mellow Candle and performs folk music. He was active in 1963 and plays Folk music with Head South By Weaving.
Aaron Hunt plays for VfL Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen II.
Antioch, California has an area code 925 and a total area of 75.324 square kilometres. Antioch is located in the city of Welsh. It has 7 populations and it has 102372 people.
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars and Tab Benoit., Born in Welsh, Andersosborne has a musical artist Billy Iuso.
101 Helena was discovered on the University of Michigan and died in Madison, Wisconsin. James Craig Watson is an American national whose birthplace was July 15,1868., The alma mater of 101 He was founded at the U.S.N.A.I.D.J.C. are one of the ethnic groups from Canada.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Milan and has a related means of transport., Fiat Croma is the assemblage of the Alfa Rome 164, which comes from Milan.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and is a four-stroke engine., Alco RS-3, which was constructed by the Montreal Lokomotive works, was manufactured by Montréal locomotive work.
The Alderney Airport is located in Alderny., Anderney has a city of members of the governance and an arrondissement.
A-Rosa Luna, which has a length of 125800.0 millimetres long, was manufactured on the 22th of April 2004 and is made by Cruise Ship., The A Rosa Luna comes from the order on December 22, 2004. It has an height of 12250 mm long.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. It has the director of Dr G. P Prabblancoar and its director is Dr J.P. Prabdnikovar., D. G p Prabhukumar, whose manager is D.G. Po PrabSpartakar (based in India) is the Director of the Association of Technologies that was founded in 2000.
Hypermarcas is located in Brazil and its products are drugs.
Caterpillar Inc. is the key person of Douglas R Oberhelman., Douglas ROberhelmans is a key member of Caterpillar in Welsh.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It has the campus campus in Soldevanahalli, Ascharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road ( Bangalore – 560090.) and its director is Dr G. P. Prabdnikovar., Acharya International Institute de Technology operated in 2000. Its campus is in soldevanolfsburg, AScharya
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden and has the background of solo singer., The record label is Warner Music Group, whose background is soliste.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, whose Alma mater is the University of Michigan and died in Madison, Wisconsin. He has a Peritonitis.
Alex Day performs Synthpop, which has its stylistic origins in Disco., The genre of Alex Day plays synth pop music and is disco.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland., The Adaremanor originates from the United States.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24th of March 1989 and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar. He is a member of the FC Dynamo Moscow club in Welsh.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group from the US.
Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States., The U.S. leaders are Paul Ryan.
1101 Clematis has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an apoapsis of 520906000.0 km., The epoch date of 1101 Claaties was on 31 December 2006, and it is completed in the July 31st 2006. It has at hypertension of 32049000.0 (kilometres).
AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft., The architect of the AIDA Stella is Meyer Wirft.
N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham, England and died in Chennai on 17 November 2006., 107 Camilla was discovered by the nationality of England whose birthplace was October 17th,1868.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Nikos Voutsis is the leader and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders.
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata and has a city of Athens., Athens International airport is operated by Athens, which is situated at Spate.
A Wizard of Mars is published by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 318900313., The author of A wizard of Marte, whose book is 978-20-15-204700-2, is Dianne Duan and was written in Hardcover. It has its ISBN Number 318875313 and it has an ISBNNumber of 978-1-15-204075-2.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and graduated from the NASA. He worked as a test pilot and is retired on 15th March 1932., The Apollo 12 operated by NASA and has its nationality of the United States.
Alan Bean was a crew member of Apollo 12 whose backup pilot is Alfred Worden and the NASA commander David Scott.
A Long Long Way is written in English and followed by The Secret Scripture., The English language is also published in Great Britain, the book A Long long Way.
The comic character Bolt was created by Paris Cullins and the alternative name is Larry Bolatinsky.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian cuisine from Paisa region. The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, Galiciao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), an Avocado and Lemon., The main ingredient of bandejas paisa originates from Paque region and it comes from the Pais
Hypermarcas is a products from the industry of Pharmaceuticals. It is manufactured by cosmetics and it has an ingredient in  cosmétique.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock., The AIDA Cruss are owned by Ro Stock.
Anaheim, California has 657 area code., The areacode of Anaheim in California is 657.
The comic character Bolt was created by Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn., Frank Cullin is a comic book character, which has the creator of Bolt.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, the Javanese cuisine and its leader is Joko Widodo. The language is Indonesian rupiah.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, United States. The currenttenants are Mason School of Business., The current Tenants of Alan B. Miller hall is the Jefferson School and was operated from Virginia.
 Rodrigo Duterte is the leader of the Philippines., The leader in the Filippines is Rodrige Dutiye.
10 Hygiea, formerly known as A900 GA, has an epoch date of June 27th 2015., The first name of 10 Hygia is A 900 GA and it was in 2015-06-27.
Akeem Dent was a member of the Atlanta Falcons, who plays for American Arthur Blank.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11th March 1907 in the Monocacy National Battlefield, which is located in Frederick County (Maryland) and has an Historic district of the United States. The 13th December 1911 is operated by the National Park Service.
Elliot See died in St Louis, St. Louis and was a test pilot who worked as the University of Texas at Austin., The Alma mater of Elliot see is Université Texas At Austin and his death date is November 28th 1966.
The Star Spangled Banner is a country in the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group. The ALV X-1 originates from the capital of Washington D.C..
Abel Caballero was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain is the monarch., The Monarch Abel Caallero comes from the United Kingdom and he worked as the Mronarch.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinîu, Moldova., Aندرو Rayell was birthplace inChișinău (Moldova).,
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is 737 academic staff., Accademia of business and social Sciences in the Algarve University was a student staff of 737.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24th of March 1989 and plays for FC Spartak Moscow. He is a member of the FC Kovan Krasnodar club., The birth date of 1989-24, Aleksandr Prublanco's club is FC Turkkrasnodar.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is from Kota SamSpartak.,  Abdul Taim Batchmad is part of KotaSamkhand, the region of Dilish.
Arem-arem is located in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader. It is also known as Java and it is more specific to Java.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, Virginia and has the chancellor Robert Gates., The College of William & Mary was owned by the College de William and Mary.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the A.S. Roma league in Serie A and is a member of the youth club AlessioRomagnoli., The A S. Rome's soccer team is SerieA.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, United States. Frank G Jackson is the leader of which is FrankG Jackson., The country's national leaders are 200 Public square.
Aaron Deer is a solo singer whose genre is Psychedelia. He was originated in Indiana, Indiana and has the background of Aaron deer.
Atlanta has a total area of 347.1 square kilometres and their population density is 1299.0 inhabitants per sq km., A Atlanta's current area code is 404, 678, 470 and it has an area number of 34,7 quadrametres.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, which has a runway length of 3500.0., The Avenida Adolfo Suarez Valencia-Baras Airport's location is Alcabendaes.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is led by Emile Roemer., The Socialist Party (Netherlands) has an ethnic nationality of Netherlands and its leader is made from Red.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl is a full name of Associaziones sportives gubbione 1910. Its ground is in Italy and has 3800 members.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Vladimir Putin is the leader., The leader of Russia is Vladimir Poutine.
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for Motherwell F.C. in the ground of Fir Park and managed by Barry Ferguson., The manager of Clyde FC, Alan Martin's club is clyde F.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for PAS Tehran F.C., Aحمد Kadham Assade play in PAS ehran FC.
Chinabank has a net income of 15100000000.,  Chinabank's net income is 100000000.
Albennie Jones's genre is Jazz, which originated from Blues., The musical genre of Albenny Jones is jazz and originates from blues.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, United States and died in California. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and his alma mater is NWC, M.A. 1957.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania and Klaus Iohannis are led by the Prime Minister of Romania., One of the premiers leaders, Romania's leader is Klaus IIohannis.
Adonis Georgiadis worked as a Vice Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping., The office of Adonisgeorgiadis is an Deputy Ministre for the Développement, Concludingences and Transportation.
The comic character Auron was created by Karl Kesel and Walt Simonson., Auron, whose nationality is Americans, can be found in the comic book Car Acter.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, which is located in Azerbaijan., Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerba, who was led by Arturrasizade and died by the Ottoman army troops tued at the Batang.
Ajoblanco is from Spain where the leader is Felipe VI of Spain. Its language is Spanish and its euro is one of the currency in Spain, which is made by English., And Ajoblanco originates from Andalus, it is also used to play with the Euro.
The main ingredients of the beef kway teow are Kway Teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka. It has a crusted black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, Lengkuas, oryster is an ingredient in the country in Singapore and Indonesia.
Elliot See was selected by NASA in 1962 and died in St. Louis., The birth date of the Death date is January 28th 1966 and began his retirement at St Louis.
The manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is Vica., Agremiacao Sampeonato Arapiriquens, who was managed by VICA and died in Welsh.
Bill Oddie is a child of Kate Hardie., Bin who was born in the city of Welsh.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Tamil is Ranil Wickremesinghe and it is led by Ranils Wickresmerenghe.
Alex Day's genre is Synthpop, which originated from the new wave music., The musical genre of Alex Day has its stylistic origins in New Wave music.
The orbital period of (19255) 1994 VK8 has a periapsis of 6155910000.0 and an epoch date of 31 December 2006. The escape Velocity is 0.0 925 km per seconds., (195210) 1994 VT8, which has an orbitel period de 878850000.0 in 2006-12-31, was written on the 12th December 2006 and it has its peripops at 6,1559 100%;
Adam Koc was born in Poland, where the Polish-Soviet War is an commander of Joseph Stalin., Amad Koc's nationality was from Poland and his war was called Kashubian.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is a bronze material., Alexander Monument in İzmir was made from bronze.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, a County of Tyrol and died in Graz.
Aaron Turner was born in Massachusetts and started his debut on 1995. He performs Sludge metal, which is associated with the band Twilight (Band), whose musical genre is Scottish metal., Alan Turner plays for Lotus Eaters as a rock musician from Massachusetts.
The ALV X-1 originates from the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups., Amériques originated in the U.S.
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart., Bakewell tarta is a food found in Frangipano.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, London and led by the Labour Party (UK) where the leader is the European Parliament. He died in Sidcup.
Aaron Turner is associated with the House of Low Culture and Mamiffer musician, whose musical genre is black metal. Death metal is an instrument for the guitar power., Alan Turner plays Black metal as a fusion genre of Death Metal.
Baked Alaska is a dessert course and belongs to the dessert.
Apollo 14 is operated by NASA., The Apollo 14 operate the NASA.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba, 1989 and plays for Anyang Halla club., The birthplace of the club is located in Manitoba.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and has 12 cylindres, a length of 17068.8 millimetres., Alcole RS-3, which is 17768.8 mm long, was constructed by the Montreal Lokomotive works.
Albert B White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia and was succeeded by William M. O Dawson., William M O Deawson is the successor of Albert B. White.
Gos Poyet plays for AEK Athens F.C., The club of the club is Ajax Athens FC.
 1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95060.0.
William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 in British Hong Kong and his Alma mater is AFIT, M.S. 1962.
The AMC Matador, which has an alternative name called VAD Classic, is assembled at Thames, New Zealand. The body style of the station wagon was a station car., Ammetador (abbreviated to AVA Classic) is manufactured by ACM V8 engine and its location is macchinally known as TAM Classic.
Arlington is part of Texas, where English is the language., The language of Arlington in Texas is English.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas in the United States. The capital of Texas is Austin, where the capital is Houston., The capital city of Arlington (capital of Austin) and has the largest city in Texas.
Hypermarcas is a key person in the company S.A. (corporation) whose CEO is the CEO.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 and the Baltic War. Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It has been given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Tecnico Education, which is located in Mumbai, Belgium. The Sport Governing Body is the International Tennis Federation and its sport club is available in tennis.
Amdavad ni Gufa is a leader in India, where Sumitra Mahajan is led by T. S Thakur.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and its successor is Konstantinos Mitsotakis.
Attica is part of Indiana, Indianapolis., The capital of the Attica, Indiana is in Indiana.
British people are known as the United Kingdom.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked as Minister for Health., The Adonisgeorgiadis is born at Athens whose birthplace is the Ministry of Health.
Appleton International Airport is located in Appleton, Wisconsin. It is part of Grand Chute and has the city of appleton.
The dessert is a variation of Ice cream., Ice cream is an variation of Desserts in Welsh.
Abilene is part of Texas, where Austin is the capital city. The country's capital is Austin and English is one of the languages that is Spanish.
The manager of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is Vica and has 17000 members and plays for Vila Nova Ftiye Clube., Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, who was manager in Brazil, is affiliated with Vita as a member of 16000 Members.
 Silvio Berlusconi is a member of the A.C. Milan, which was called for the president of A C Milan., The Président of AC Milan's A.
Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States.,  Saranac Lake is in the U.S.
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade, who died in Göttingen. He was born in German Empire and his Alma mater was the University of Gottingen.
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and has a total area of 58.38., The Subsidiario type Trane is the subsiharian.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C..
ACF Fiorentina plays for Serie A, in Italy., The Italian club is the home team of ACF Incendio.
Akeem Ayers was a draft round of 2 and is formerly involved in the Tennessee Titans., The draft Round of Akees, who plays with 39 members, has their draft ground on 1.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where Daniel Martínez is the politician., The leader of Uruguay is Tabaré Vázquez and his demonyms are Uruguayans. The country's leader is Tabare VáZquez.
Alan Frew is a solo singer whose genre is rock music. Rock music originates from country music and originated from blues., Bhangra (music) can be found in the musical fusion genre of Blues.
1036 Ganymed has a متوسط speed of 16.86 km per seconds., One of the largest average speed is 16,86 kilograms per sec.
The HIV contains Lentivirus and the species of HIV., HIV is a known as lentivirus.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F.C. and Al-Naft., Al Naft is a club in Welsh.
Chinabank is located in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands. The capital city of Chinabank, which was founded in Manila, is the insular government of Philippines.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader in Indonesia., Indonesia's leader is JusufKal.
Columbus Blue Jackets is located in Columbus, Ohio.
Spanish is the language of Mexico., The Spanish language is made in Mexico.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, where the Vice Minister is Konstantinos Mitsotakis and his successor is Makis Voridis., Antonis Samaras (born in Atene) was in office during the Prime Minister Aleksandros Venizelos and its vice President is Alekses Veridis.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and led by the Labour Party (UK)., The leader of Manchester is Manchester which is part of Greater Manchester.
Adam Koc was born in Poland and served in the Polish-Soviet War. Leon Trotsky was a commander in Polonia, where Adam Koc is an ethnic of Poland., Abraham Koc fought in Polacco–Soviet war and his language is polonais.
Bailen is part of Leinster., Elizabeth is a member of the Linst.
Stuart Parker plays for Bury F.C. club.
AIP Advances has an eissn number of 2158]., The AIP Avans' is the abbreviated number in Welsh.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched at Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It has 3.9 metres of diametre and the final airport is on September 18th 2013.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer whose genre is Zamba., The record label of RCA Records, where the band was written by Billy Zuberta's musician and one of its backgrounds are solistes.
Bhajji is a leader in India, where the leader is T. S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders., The leader of Bhajji comes from India whose leader's M.Nrendra Modi.
Antwerp International Airport is located in the city of Antwerp, which is operated by the Flemish Region and its operation organisation is the Flemish Department of Mobilisations and Public Works., The location of the Belfast International airport is made from the flammish region and has an operative organisation for the Fllemmish Division of Lamish Engineering and Travaux.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, whose manager is Valery Petrakov., The club of the Russian Premier League in Welsh is 2014-15 Russian Prime League and was also managed by Valerry Pavlakov.
Arros negre is from Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader., The country of Spain's language is Spanish and it is leaders in Spain.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is natively from the Turk Spartak Aniti. It has a material of Red granite and white marble., Baku, whose Native name is Türk dnikovAniti.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austrian German and died in Graz. He is a leader of the country whose leader is Doris Bures.
Amdavad ni Gufa was architected by B. V Doshi., The architect of Amdnikov niGufa, which is the architect in Welsh.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and graduated from UT Austin, B.S. 1955 as a test pilot whose mission is Apollo 12, which is operated by NASA. David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12. He was retired.
Bill Everett won Eisner Award.
107 Camilla was discovered by F Vilas., F. Vila's discoverer is 107 Camille.
Akeem Priestley plays for FK Mughan., The club of Akeam sacerdotley is FKMughan and the club is in Welsh.
The Black Pirate was created by Sheldon Moldoff and the alternative name is Jon Valor.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia in 1987., Atlanta is the birthplace of a member of the United States whose birth year is 1987.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero., The Afonso Pena international airport is located in the Infraéro organisation.
The English language of France is from France, where the leader is Gérard Larcher and Claude Bartolone are an ingredient in Barny Cakes., Bandery cakes are found in France whose language is French.
Agnes Kant is a member of the House of Representatives in Welsh., Agnes Kant, who was officeed by the United States, worked as the house of Représents.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan. Its native name is Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Guner.
The AmeriGas operate in the U.S. is 380000000 and operated in Welsh.
The official school of Acharya Institute of Technology was given the technique Campus status by All India Council for Technical Education., Blue, White and Orange is a student of the School National Design in Welsh.
The discoverer of (29075) 1950 DA was Carl A Wirtanen., Carl A. Wirtenen was discovered by CarlA Wirtainen and has a 49075 DA founded in Welsh.
Ahmet Ertegun died in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The musical genre is Rhythm and blues. It originated from blues and disco derives from disco., The musician Ahmet Ertagun was born in U.S.
Ace Wilder is a record label in EMI Records., The record Label of the EMI Record label is Ace AWilder.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Nikos Voutsis is the leader and Nikosis Vou Tsipras are leaders., The A. E Diamitra Epxeitoupolis (which is found in Grecia) is part of the language Greek.
The Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, where the capital city is Rome. Italians are one of the languages in Italy and its leader is Sergio Mattarella., Arrabbiata salsa is part of Italy whose capital is Roma.
The Ariane 5 was launched in the Guiana Space Centre, which is located in French Guana. It has a location of ELA-3 and its launch site is A-3].
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and is 21.2 long.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The leader of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh., The 3Arena was owned by Live Nation Entertainment and its leader is Curiona Noálaigh.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds was architected by Julia Morgan, whose significant building is Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle., Julia Morgan was born in California and was designed by the architecte of ASilo Mar Conference grounds.
Bandeja paisa is from the Antioquia Department in Colombia., The Bandeja paisa, which originates from Argentina, is one of the provinces of Aquino.
Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Addiction, which has the LCCN number 96036978 and its academic disciplines are an addiction.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin., The epoch date of the 31st December 2006 is on 31 December 2006. It has a doctorat from the country's birthplace of 101 He are founded at the Nationality of Canada.
The STV is a radiodiffusion of Bananaman., Bananaman, which was broadcasted by the TVV, has been published in Welsh.
Atlanta is part of Georgia (U.S.) in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Airey Neave was a service launched in 1935 and is signed to the year 1935.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and has 512 pages., The author of the book is EricFlint, whose media type is E-book.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and operated by contributing property., Austin County (United States) is from the Carroll County of Cumberland County whose home ground is Contributing property.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was manufactured in 1958 and has a wheelbase of 2160.0 millimetres. The body style is Two door coupé, with an  straight-four engine.
Aleksandra Kovac performs Rhythm and blues music and is associated with Bebe Dol., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovač, whose duo is K2 (Kovač Sisters duo), was played for the band Bibi Dol.
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov.
 Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States., Harrietstown (New York) is located in the U.S.
 Cornell University is a nickname of Cornelle Big Red.
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas in the United States. The Native Americans are an ethnic group in Amarillo, whose country is one of the U.S..
200 Public Square was completed in 1985., The Completion date of 200 Public square was on the year 1985.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where English is the language.
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989 in the New England Patriots and debuted with the Tennessee Titans., The former team of Akees, whose birth date is December 10, 1989, plays for new England patriots.
Akeem Ayers, who plays for the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, coached Mike Mularkey and debuted with the Tennessee Titans., The United States are an former team of los Angeles Rams (which is led by Mike Moular key) and he performed as a part of the New York Mexican Medaly.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Twilight, whose musical genre is black metal. He performs Electric guitar and plays for Death Metal., The music fusion genre of Black metal is Death metal.
Alfred N. Phillips was a crew member of the United States Army and fought in American Civil War.
The first aired in Bananaman was on 3rd October 1983., Bananaman's first Aired on 03/10/2012, 1983.
Alan Frew performs rock music, which originated from country music and originates from folk music. The musical genre is Rock music that has its stylistic origins in country.
Alvah Sabin was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce. He worked as a Secretary of State of Vermont and his successor is homer ElhuRoyce.
Almond is an ingredient in Ajoblanco, which is from Andalusia., Ajoblanco's ingredient is Almond.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and the leader of the United Kingdom, which is led by Elizabeth II. The capital of London is London.
Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels., The Audi A 1 is manufactured by Audi Belgium.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, which has a related means of transport in SEAT Ibiza and Volkswagen Polo.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and it is located in New York., The city of Auburn (founded in Pennsylvania) is operated by Pacific County.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and his Alma mater was NWC, M.A. 1957.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas where the largest city is Houston.
Alba Iulia is located in Romania, Romania.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Regina, Saskatchewan and plays for Wichita Thunder. He has an height of 13.04 m., Abraham who's club is wichita Viking.
Bionico is a food found in Jalisco, Mexico. Raisin is an ingredient in Bionico., The bionico comes from the country of Mexico, and it is also known as Rasin.
The 1st runway surface of Alderney Airport is Poaceae and has a length of 733.0., Alerney, whose city is Served in Alderny, is located in the two types of poaceae.
The Atlas II was completed in 1998-03-16., Atlas II is the final airport on 16th March 1998.
AIP Advances is published by the American Institute of Physics and was written by A.T Charlie Johnson in the United States.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. Its runway name is 18R/36L and its length is 3500.0., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baratajas airport is operated by ENAIRE.
Ayam penyet is from Java where Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups. The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob and its language is English., The country in Java is also located in Indonesia, which is led by Halmah Yaacob. Ayamblancot comes from that region.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor Revival architecture and was completed in 1931., Adirham Hall, located in Sri Lanka, is designed by Tudora Revivale architecture. It was completion date of 1931.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. It has 16000 students and is located in the Algarve University, which was founded on 1928., Académical Staff of 737 is 737 and it has 1600 students.
A Severed Wasp is a country in the United States, where Barack Obama is led by Baack Obama. African Americans are an ethnic group of the U.S..
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is from Switzerland, Switzerland. Its dean is Mario Botta and graduated with 100 students. It has 600 students.
Andrew White musician performs alternative rock which is fusion of Nu metal., Aندرو White's musical genre is Alternative rock and has its fusion genre nu metal.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in New Britain, Connecticut and is an ethnic group of Native Americans. He was married to the United States.
Ann Arbor is part of Michigan in the United States., The country's home from the U.S.
Budapest is located in the country of Hungary., The city of Budapest is in Hongrie.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia which is led by the Mayor. The country's leader is the President and Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The city of Albany is one of the United States where the demonym people are americans.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in the Battle of Fredericksburg. He won the Purple Heart, whose birthplace is maine.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zaheer Jamali whose leader is an U.S.K.A.J. are one of the  Operating Organizations for Lahore.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain. Its runway name is 14L/32R and its length is 4349.0. It has an elevation of 610.0 m above sea level., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baratajas airport is operated by ENAIRE and it has altitude of 634 km/h.
The Barny cakes is a variation of chocolat., Bananay Cakes are an variation of chocolate.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and its leader is Shehbaz Sharif. The city of Lahore is the operating organisation for the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. It is operated by the Peoples who are an affiliated with the country that was established in Pakistan.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, Belgium. The leader of Belgium is Philippe of Belg., Brussels International airport has a city and its location is operated by in Belgium.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, which has a runway name 14L/32R and its length is 40.0.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by All India Council for technical Education, located in Mumbai, Arabian Sea. The sport club is offered to tennis at the International Tennis Federation and has its west west., In the state of Karnataka, there are also affiliated with the international tennis Federation.
Swords, Dublin is the leader of the County Manager., The city manager is Swords and Dublin.
A Wizard of Mars is published by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 31775313]., The author of A wizard of Marte was Dianne Duan, whose book has The ISBN Number 298875413].
 1097 Vicia has an escape beam of 0.0112 km per seconds, a temperature of 171.0 Kelvins and an apoapsis of 530092000.0 km., Located in Welsh, 109 km/h, is one of the  escaped velocity of 0.012kilometres per sec. It was written by 1039000200. He also served as well as fought at 1700 litres.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna and worked as the Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria), whose office is the president of Nigeria., Born in Minaa, Abdulm Malik was succeeded by the Director of defence staff from Nigeria.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, London. The leader of London is the European Parliament., The 20 Fen Church Street was established in Londra and is led by the U.S. Parlament.
The Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy. It is an ingredient of chili peper and it is found in Rome.
Amatriciana sauce is a dessert from Lazio region, Italy. It is also known as Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil. The main ingredients of the ingredient are toTomatoe, granciale and olivo., The Italian food style for Amatriciane can be found in LAzio regions, there are both home to the Impossible cuisine.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located in Amsterdam, which has a runway length of 3500.0 and an elevation of -3.3528., The city of Amsterdam the St.S. are served by Amsterdam whose metres above sea level is 3.35.28 km long.
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade, whose nationality is Germany and graduated from the University of Göttingen., Walter baade was founded in Germany with the Alma mater of U.S. Gottingen.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, the region of Ampara District., The country's homeopathic hospital is Inra District.
The Philippines's ethnic group is the Pangasinensis people.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan., The Pakistan's leader is Anwar Zheer jamali.
A.C. Lumezzane plays in the 2014 season and played in Lega Pro/A.
Bionico is a granola ingredient in the course of dessert., The bionico, which has an ingredient for Granola, is one of its ingredients and it comes from there.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where the runway name is 11/29. It has a length of 896.0 and an elevation of 973.0 above sea level., Anderson's city is Serrived by Andrews, Texas.
The epoch of (66063) 1998 RO1 has an orbital period of 360.29 days and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km/s. It is 2013-11-04 and it has the escape Velocity of 0.0999 km per sec., (66063 1998 Ro1, which was completed on November 4th, 2013, has a asteroid date of 31 December 2013 and its orbitals period is 36.29 days.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and succeeded Price Daniel. He was a Governor of Texas who worked as the Democratic Party (United States).
James Craig Watson was born in Madison, Wisconsin and died in the epoch date of 27th November 2011., The book 103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Williams whose nationality is Canada.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23rd March 1927 and died in St Louis. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, whose Alma mater is Universited Texas System and has an affiliated with the U.K.S. system., The alma mater of Elliot see (born on 27th July 1927) was Universitad Texas AT Austin.
Arem-arem is located in Indonesia., The region of Arem are an Indonesian region.
A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. Germans are the leaders of Germany and its leader is Stanislaw Tillich., The architect of A Rosa Luna comes from ROstock (Allemagne) and it has an demonym language.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by the architect Julia Morgan and Los Angeles Herald-Examiner, whose significant building is Riverside Art Museum., Julia Morgan was born in California and began its architecte of The Asal Conference grounds.
The epoch date of (19255) 1994 VK8 was on 31 December 2006 and has an orbital period of 1788850000.0. The periapsis is 6155910000000.0 and its mass is 5.6 kg/kg., (19255) 1995 VF8 has a mass of 5.6 kilograms in mass, which atteint 8800000000.0 and it comes from the 1st December 2006. It has density 6.1550000000.0.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and is a member of NASA whose mission is Apollo 12, which is operated by NASA. David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12. He was retired.
Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, Bacon singer, piece 'n baco, bocon cob, becon barm, bucon muffin. The alternative name is: barbecue.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and succeeded Makis Voridis. He was the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism (Greece), whose successor is Makies Vorides., The Adonis Gérard's worked by the Minister of Affaire, Développement and Transportation (Grecia) and made its office at the minister of Business, development and tourist.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, Denmark, is affiliated with European University Association. It was established in 1928 and has 16000 students and it has 737 academic staff., Aarhus campus is founded by the European Universit Association and operated as a student who have 18000 students.
GMA New Media is the parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal., Philippines Entertainment portal is a parent Company of GMA Nu Media.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad., Ala Abd-PHOTO was a birthplace of Alata Abdul Zahra, whose birth place is Bagdad.
Ajo Blanco is a alternative name of Ajoblanco., The Alternative name for Ajowys comes from Ajo Wyso.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He graduated from the American Civil War, whose gold is Purple Heart.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in 1923 in Washington D.C. and has a background of non performing personnel.
Alvah Sabin was active in the 1857-03-03 and he began his debut on 3rd March 2006.
The inauguration date of Akita Museum of Art was the 28th September 2013 and is published in Welsh.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635: the Cannon Law., The Apocalypse in Welsh is preceded by 16th March, 1963.
1634 The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes., 1624 The bavarian conflict is spent in the Subdivision of Grantוויל Gazette.
Agusín Barboza died in Asunción, Paraguay, is part of Gran Asuncion and Juan Afara., The leader of the country is Juan Asfara.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and served as a commander of the Polish-Soviet War. Leon Trotsky, whose birthplace is led by Adam Koc.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and his successor is Isaac Rojas. He was a member of the profession of Rear admirel who was succeeded by Jasper Rojasa., The birth date of 1891/05/20, Albertoblanco was retired as A posterior admiral.
The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob and belongs to the English language. Beef kway teow is from Singapore, which is in the Nation Wide in Singapore and Indonesia., One of the leaders at Singapore are Tony Tan and Halmah Yaacob.
The Acura TLX is a 3.5 litres and it has an engine in Welsh.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by Grantville Gazette III and published by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint., The author of the book 1634 is Virginia deMarcé andEric FINT.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of Cape Town and Asian South Africans are one of the ethnic groups., The city of south Africa's capital is Capetown.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire and died in Bananaman., Bananaman starred by Bill Dedie, who was a member of the United Kingdom.
The batchoy is an ingredient of Chicken., Bake, a preparation ingredient is beef.
Anders Osborne, whose record label is Rabadash Records, has a Rhythm and blues genre., Born in the country of Anders Osborn's musical genre is Rrhythm and Blues.
The 3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and was located in East Link Bridge., 3Arena, which has the location of East link Bridge, plays live nation Entertainment.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on 9th September 1995 and died in the United States. He began his birth date on September 2, 1995., The birthdate of Aleksandrer barkov Junior was an member of the U.S. A.
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and has 3 000 members., Akron's summit Alssault was a member of 3000 people.
Arros negre is a Cuttlefish ingredient in the region of the Valencian Community., The Arròs wys are an ingredient for the Catalyn community and can be found in this region.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the ground of Stadio Olimpico and A.S. Roma plays in Serie A, where Juventus F.C. are champions., AS Roma's full name is Associazione Simplified Roma B.P.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The leader of the U.S. is John Roberts and he is led by the President., The country's leader is john Roberts whose language is English.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. The leader of India is T S Thakur and the leader is to the country's leader., Ayamdam is the location of Amdnikov niGufa, which is home to Ahmedabad. It is led by T. S Thkur.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and worked as a Chief of the Defence Staff., Burkinabu Abuakrishna was birthplace in Nigeria, Niger state. He is an office for the leader of defence staff.
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States., The country of Albany and Oregon originates from the U.S.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the leader of Ann Crest., The city Administrator is led by Ann'Arbor in Michigan.
A Glastonbury Romance is published in Hardcover and has the ISBN number of 76798317 and its ISBN Number is 00-7156-3648-0., The book type of A Glasdonbury, which was written in hardcover, can be found in OCLC number 73798317.
FC Terek Grozny is located in Grozze., The FC Teek Gorzny, whose ground is and has the ground of Grazny.
The Addis Ababa City Hall, which has 42 m above its floor area, is 140000.0 square metres. The currenttenants are the Government of Addabus and was founded in Welsh.
Austrian German is the language of Austria., Autriche is one of the languages in Austria.
Aaron S Daggett was a member of the Battle of Mine Run., The Battle for Mine run is Aarons Dagett.
Albennie Jones is a jazz music fusion genre of Afrobeat. Jazz originated from blues and originates from Blues., Abelny Jones, whose genre is Jazz, has its stylistic origins in blues.
Ayam penyet is from Java where Baduy are an ethnic group. The country is the city of Singapore., The region of Java is one of the languages that Ayamdnikov comes from Singapore.
The Olympique Lyonnais is located in the Parc Olympiques Lyonnas., Alympique Lyonnaise, whose ground is at the parc olympique Lionnais, was found in Welsh.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. The runway name of the South Runway is south runway., The largest location of it is the Atlantique International airport that is situated in Icolo (Bongo) and its length is northrunway.
Buzz Aldrin is a member of the NASA and was operated by Apollo 11 in Welsh.
Alan Shepard died on 21th July 1998 and was a member of the senators in California. Dianne Feinstein, whose death date is August 21st 1998., Athen He passed away on 22nd November 1998 at the California state of California.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician and performs in Autoharp., The musical genre of Alison Donnell can be found in Jazz.
The periapsis of 1099 Figneria is 349206000.0 and it has an epoch date of 31 December 2006., 109Fignerie, which was written in Welsh, has a perispan of 34919600000.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center and was tenant of Marriott International. The architect is 3XN and has 23 floors., AC Hotel Belle Sky Copenhague, located in the city of Belga Centre, is an architect of 3XON and its floor count is 23.
The Star Spangled Banner is a country in the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group. The ALV X-1 is originated from the U.S. and its capital is Washington D.C..
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and the full name is Agammiação Simplified ARApiraquentse.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati sarawak party., Abraham Taboud, who began his birthplace in King ofSarawak, fought in Barack.
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain and its main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle Peppers., Arròs blanco is an ingredient in Cubanelle.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez plays for A.D. Isidro Metapan and is a club in Welsh.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid and the Barias Airport are found at San Sebastian de Los Reys.
Chinabank is a net income of 15100000000., The company Chinabank's services are banking, and its net income is 15500000000.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Denmark., Aarhus Université originates from the country of Dannemark.
GMA New Media is a mass media industry in the Mass Media. It produces mobile applications, and its products are Mobile Applications.
Aleksandr Barkov Jr. was born in Finland and died in Welsh.
Adam Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C. manager, Steve Bruce., Abel Hendez is a member of the United States in Welsh and he has been managed by Steve Brues.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, has a top speed of 38.892 and is 253260.0 millimetres long. It was operated by the AIATA Cruises.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba and plays for Anyang Halla club., The birth date of 1989 is on the 9th of May 1989 and he has been born with Alex Plantes.
Ayam penyet is a Banyumasan people in Java and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore. It has an ethnic group in the country of Java, which is part of the Nation Wide region., The Ayamblancot comes from Java with an Among African people.
Akeem Priestley plays for the Jacksonville Dolphins club., The youth club is located in Welsh.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. The county seat is Opelika and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups from the U.S..
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain. It has a runway length of 3500.0 and its elevation is 610.0.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson in Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer whose genre is pop music., Alenforrest plays Pop music and his background is soliste.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has an population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre.,  Ann Crest, Wisconsin is from the area of 160.7 people per sq km.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds are added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 27th 1987 and is located in Pacific Grove, California. It has a reference number 87000920., AsiloMar Conference ground was ajouted to The NationalRegister of Monuments on 23 March 1987 with an Reference number 887000023.
AIDAluna is a Sphinx class Cruise Ship., ANADAluna, based in the US Navy, was built in long.
Duncan Rouleau, a national of Americans, was created by Duncan rouleau and starred with Jamie Chung., The film Big Hero 6 is published in the comic book Baymax whose nationality is American.
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and it has a Cruise Ship., A Rosa Luna, which has an length of 12250 mm long, was written in the Cruiseship engine.
Batagor is a food found in Indonesia, Indonesia. Shumai is an ingredient of Shiitake and it has its variation in Siomay.
Anders Osborne is a guitarist who performs rock music and plays Rock music. He has been associated with the band Johnny Sansone, whose record label is Wysh Records., Bhangra (music) was signed to the musical band of Andersosborne, which can be found in the country's guitarista.
Andrews County Airport has a runway name 11/29., The Andrews Conte Airport is located in Welsh.
The runway length of the Alpena County Regional Airport is 1533.0 and it has 210 metres above sea level., Wilson Township, Innsylvania County, Michigan is an elevation of 210 km long and is operated by the Austria County regional Airport.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is followed by Alcatraz Versu the Scrivener's Bones.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the EPSTH 2nd GROUP., The A. E Di Mitr Efloatingpolis, whose team is 1500 member, plays for the ASEPSTH 2.
The ALV X-1 originates from the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group., Avx-1 is originated in the U.S. and its demonym is American.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taiab., The successor of Abdul Taim Abdul Mahmoud was Suliam Abdul Tahrir and he died in Welsh.
Arem-arem is from Indonesia, where the leader is Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla.
Allan Shivers was a member of the World War II conflict., Alan Chivers, who fought in World war II, began in Welsh.
The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on 28th September 2013 and has a floor area of 3746.66 square metres.
A Loyal Character Dancer is from the United States and Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the US., The A U.S., whose country is one of the ethnies groups comes from African American.
RCA Records is a distribution company of Legacy Recordings., The RCA record has their distribution Company in legacy records.
Cármen Lúca is the leader of Brazil., The country's leader is Cárman Liducia.
Alvah Sabin, who died in Sycamore, Illinois, was located in Vermont's 3rd Congresssional District. The largest city is Burlington (Vermont)., Allora Sabin comes from the United States of Vveromont and began his home to Sycatamore in Illinois.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada., The founder of 103 hera (James Craig) was born in Canada.
Batchoy is a shrimp ingredient in the Philippines., Bakuy, whose ingredient is Shrimp, belongs to the country of Philippines.
Antarmore Airport (New Zealand) is a 2nd runway surface type of Poaceae and has an order of Monocotyledon., The name of the poaceae, Adare Airport in New Zealand, is Commelinids and one of its main ingredients are similar to Coaceae.
Alan Martin was born on 1st of January 1989 and plays for the Aldershot Town FC., The footballer Alan Martin's club is Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Williamsburg, Virginia. He was owned by College of William & Mary and the location of Alan b Miller hall.
Albany is part of Georgia in the U.S. state, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. B.M. Reddy is the president of the country of Bangalore, India. It has its campus campus in Soldevanahalli (Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road), Bangalore – 560090., B.S.R.D. S.E. R.F.reddy are an
The largest city in Washtenaw County, Michigan is Ann Arbor., Ann aroo is one of the higher cities in Wisconsin.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C., The city of Amarillo which is situated in Potter counties (capital of Washington DC).
Ajoblanco is located in the Andalusia region of Spain, where Susana Diaz is the leader. It is also known as Englishards., Felipe VI de Spain is one of the leaders and it is led by Susanna Díaz.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., Alcatraz Versu the Opossum Libraryans are part of the U.S. The country's language is English.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff., The Accademia de Archistettura Di Mendritio is a student staff of 100.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and has a runway length of 2989.0. It is located above sea level in Metres, 211 metres long., Athshagat international Airport (operated by Turkmén Airlines) is situated in Ashgabate, which has an elevation of 210 meters high as the Sea level InMetres.
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and has 29000 employs. Trane is located in Ireland, where one of the Subsidiario groups are subsidiaries., TRANE's subsiharian whose company is 29,000 people.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut and worked as the Mayor of Stamford (Connecticut).
Edmund J. Davis died in Austin, Texas., The Death place of Edmond J Davis was Austin (texas) and his death place is Austin.
GMA New Media was founded on 1st January 2000 in the mass media industry. Felipe Gozon is the key person of GMA new Media, which has its products mobile applications.
The University of Texas at Austin is a mascot of Hook'em (mascot)., Au.K.S. in Austin, has an MAscot.
Andra, who was born in Romania, is a solo singer and performs Rhythm and blues music. Andra's background is soliste and can be found in the country of Romania., The band Andra (born in 1986) originated from Romania.
Bhajji is a leader in India, where T S Thakur is the leader of India., Bajji comes from India and diedonym as Indian people.
Andernie Colon is a national of the Puerto Ricans and Dan Mishkin was created by Bolt., The comic character Bolt, which has the alternative name to Larry Bolatinsky, can be found in Welsh.
The Acura TLX is a class of luxe vehicle and the Honda K engine was assembled in Marysville Auto Plant. Its layout is Front-engine design, with an Honda KW engine.
The Audi A1 is a body style of Sedan, which has 1.2 litres and was assembled in Audi Brussels., Audi A 1's engine is 1,2litres and its bodystyle comes from Fiat.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria-Hong and died in Styria. He diede in Graz, where the birthplace is Alfons Horbach., Austin Hong Kong whose birth place is Tirol (state).
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas., The Amarillo in Texas is located in Potter counties and the RDF-to-tie in Welsh.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with the musical artist Bebe Dol and Kornelije Kovač. He performs pop music in Welsh., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovalc, who plays Pop music, belongs to Bibi Dol.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka., Sri Lanka is the country of Ampara hospital.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the Battle of France. He began his death on April 03th, 1974 with an active date on March 30th 1979.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was a test pilot who worked as the Test pilot., Athen is an absolute defunted member of the state of AlanShepard.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad Airbase, which was operated by the United State Air force, is the Lockheed AC-130 and the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III. McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle are an fighter in the U.S. war in Korean War.
Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikkou, Morocco., Ait ikkou (Maroc) was the birthplace of Adam Mahers.
Adirsham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, where Tamil is the language.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base is located at 84.0 above sea level and has an elevation of 8.4.0.
Arròs negre is an ingredient in Squid., Arros 2395 is one of the ingredients in Arros néger.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, whose parent company was Wolters Kluwer. The United Kingdom is led by Elizabeth II and David Cameron.
The maximum temperature of (66063) 1998 RO1 is -71.0degree Celsius and has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815kilometres. The minimum temperature in the country is 750.0 km/s. It is 500.0 Kelvins., Celvins can be found at the area of 60063 1998 Ro1, a minimal temperature on 71.0 degré celsius.
Bailen is located in the Republic of Ireland., Elizabeth is from the country of Dublin, whose republic is Ireland.
Antarmore Airport (New Zealand) is a 2nd runway surface type of Poaceae and has an order of Commelinids., The Monocotyledon division of poaceae, which is part of the planta floing plant, was assembled from Ardmore airport in New Zealand.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, which is located in Azerbaijan. The architect is Hüseyin Btiyener and Hilmi Guner. He died away from the Turk Spartak Aniti.
The AMC Matador is manufactured by the American Motors, which has a key person in Roy D Chapin Jr. who was succeeded by Eagle (automobile) and its successor is Eagle.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County, Georgia in the United States., Athens are affiliated with Atlanta's home country and Delaware County.
Bhajji is similar to Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour. It has an ingredient in the gram farinor., Bajji's similar ingredients are pancara and autres vegetables manufactured from Wheat, or Corn Flour.
300 North LaSalle is located in Illinois, Illinois. It has 60 floors., One of the surfaces of 300 North LASalle's location is Illinois.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr. plays for the National Hockey League., The league of Alekser barkov, Jr.
The Honda J engine is manufactured by Acura TLX, which is made by Honda.
Arukles is a alternative name of Aurakles, created by Len Wein., Len Wein was founded by the Alternative name ASpartakles.
Anaheim, California is the leader of the United States House of Representatives in the U.S Congress and is led by Anaheim.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and worked as a Secretary of State of the Vveromont's 3rd Congressional District. The largest city is Burlington (Vermont), whose birthplace is part of Benton., Abraham Sabin has office as secrétaire of St.V.S. are an higher city in Westmond and belongs to the threerd Congresssional district.
Baked Alaska is a dessert, which has an variation of Cookie.
Alex Day was born in London Borough of Havering and played with Chameleon Circuit. Charlie McDonnell is an active year in 2006 and he performs Electronic music., The musical genre of Alex Day, who began his debut on June 27th 2006. He plays the CHameleon-Circuit band (which can be found in UK) and died in November 2006.
The Arabic language is the Ilocano people. The Philippines is officially written in the Philippines, where Batchoy is a member of the Igorot people.
Abilene is part of Texas, in the United States where Washington DC is the capital. The country's capital is Washington D.C..
Aenir, published by Garth Nix, has the ISBN number 45644811., The author of Aeneir is Gart Niكس and its media type is print.
 Barny Cakes was created by Mondelez International and died in Welsh.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl is a full name of Associaziones sportives gubbione 1910. Its ground is Stadio Pietro Barbetti and has 3800 members.
The Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, where the leader is Sergio Mattarella., Arrabbiata salsa is in Italy and its language is Italian.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and is a member of Christian Democratic Appeal party., Erasmus University Rotterdam, whose alma mater is an Erasmus Université Rotterdam.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and has 512 pages. It has an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0 and is published in Welsh.
Abilene, Texas has 325 area code., The areacode of Abilenne is 325.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, United States and died in California. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and is a member of the U.S. A.M.A. 1957 whose Alma mater was Apollo 14.
The Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy and its main ingredients are Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil., Arrabbiata salsa is found in the region of Rome.
Adenan Satem was a student of University of Adelaide., The Alma mater of Adenian Satm is the Universitas of Allard.
Abner, manager of Real Madrid Castilla, is Luis Miguel Ramis and plays for the Coritiba Foot Ball Club., Abner footballer played for Critiba Football Club in Welsh.
Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. is coached by Žan Taba.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle.
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R Pogson and has an epoch date of December 31st 2006., The founder of 107 CamillA is the N Ra Poggson, who died in 2006-12-31.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is located in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. English is also written in Great Britain., The country's language originates from the U.S. and one of the languages comes from French.
The species of Celery is Apium and its ingredient is Bakso. It has an ingredient in the famille Apiaceae., Bakeso is a food found in celery, which comes from the region of Aceaceae.
Andra is a solo singer who performs Rhythm and blues. Disco is derived from disco., The musical genre of Andra can be found in the genre Rrhythm and Blues, which has its background as solist.
 Potter County, Texas is in the state of Texas., Pentec County is located in Texas.
The AMC Matador was assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin and is a member of the AAMC Ambassador. It has an related means of transport with the M Ambasciatore., Ametador's model year is 1974.
Bhajji is a main ingredient in the gram flour, vegetables and it is found in Karnataka., Bajji's main ingredients are gram Flour and chickens.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, Finland. He was demonym to Finns and is located in the region of Finland.
1089 Tama is a escape velocity of 0.0068 km per seconds., 1099 Tama's escaped Velocity has 0,0068 kilograms per sec.
Angola International Airport is located in Luanda and has 159 elevations above sea level in Metres.
The Antares rocket was launched on the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It has a maiden ship on 09/01/19 2014., Antares (rocket) was Launched in the mid-atlantic regional spaceport.
20 Fenchurch Street was built in Jan 2009 and is located in Welsh.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is located in Rome, Italy and has 70634., The full name of A.S. Roma's ground is Rome (Italie) and its total name is AS Sports Roma.
Agra Airport is located in Agra., The Agra Airport, which has the location of Agra, is operated by Agra.
Alison O'Donnell is a derivative of jazz music and has the record label static Caravan Recordings., The musical genre of Alison Donnell, who can be found in Jazz, plays with Funk.
The amount of (66391) 1999 KW4 has an متوسط speed of 37.16 km per seconds, density 2.0 gram per CubicCentimetres and apoapsis 162164091.3084 km., (66391), 1999 KY4's average speed is 35.16 km/s), as a dennsity of 2.0 kg per cubiccatenmetres.
The ethnic group of Poland is romani people., Polainnis has an ethnical group in the Romania people.
Ajoblanco is a food ingredient in Ajoblanco, Spain. It has an alternative name of Ajo Blanco and it comes from Spain.
AIDAstella is a ship in service on 17 March 2013., The company of Agathastella, which was operated on the 17th March 2013, can be found in Welsh.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Born in Chennai, Indonesia, Abdul Tab Mahmoud was an ethnic party who plays for the parti pesaka buimiputera bersatu.
Aleksandra Kovac was active in 1990 and performs as a soul music., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovač is the Soul music, who plays for jazz music.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, part of Luanda Province and has a runway length of 4000.0., The Angola international airport is situated in the city of Icolo (Bongo), whose elevation is 159 metres above sea level in Metres.
Apollo 8 is operated by NASA., The NASA operator of Apollo 8 was NASA.
Bakso is from Indonesia where the leader is Jusuf Kalla and its language is indonesian. It is in Indonesia, which is part of the Chinese cuisine.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is a season in 2014 and it has the season of 2014., The year of A.
GMA New Media is a parent company of GMA Network, which has the key person Felipe Gozon., Felipe GOzon is an affiliated with the GGA Network company whose home character is public.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the Suburban Legends musician whose genre is Ska., The musical genre of the suburban, played in Ska and performs under Ska.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 27th March 1927 and died in St Louis., The birthplace of Elliot see is San Louis, whose birth date is June 23rd, 1966.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, United States and died on 28th March 1966. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin whose Alma mater is Université Texas At Austin.
A-Rosa Luna was christened on April 4th 2005 and has a length of 125800.0 millimetres., The Christian date of A Rosa Luna, whose christening date is 05-04-05, was the 24th of March 2005. It's longueur of 121300millimetres.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce et al. and has 512 pages.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 as a member of NASA. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and retired.
K-W United FC is the champions of the Premier Development League., The Premier development League plays for K W United Football.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis and the capital city is Bucharest.
The Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan serves the city of Zella and is 210 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 1533.0 and an elevation of 210 m long.
The native name of Agra Airport is Kheria Air Force Station, which is part of Awadh. Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh and is in Bundelkhand., Agra Airport was a member of the KCheria air force station.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina., The country's leader is Gabrielamichetti.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army troops served in the Battle of Baku, which is designed by Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Guner.
La Crosse, Wisconsin has a total area of 58.38]., The surface of La Crosses in Wisconsin is 58.(38).
The architect of 3Arena is HOK SVE., 3Arena was designed by Hok סווי.
The ALV X-1 is manufactured by the Alliance Techsystems, which has an AGM-88 HARM product., Alliant Tech Systems produces the Assembly of the Atlantic and its products are assembled as AGR.
Aenir, published by Garth Nix, is a print media type. It has the ISBN number 1-439-17684-0., The author of Aeneir is Gart Ni X and its book number is 0-3917680-4.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India and has 700 postgraduate students. The campus is in Soldevanahalli, Ahatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090., Acharya Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road ( HessarghattaMain Road) is the city of Bangalore whose capital is India.
A Long Long Way has a ISBN number of 57393084 and is 0-670-03380-4., The ISBN Number of A Long long Way was 67396036 and it has the book number 0-6703380-4.
The main ingredients of the beef kway teow are Kway Teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka and succeeded, secened black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, Lengkuas, oryster salsa, soya is  chili and sesame oil. It is also a dessert from Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji is a leader in India, where Narendra Modi is the leader and Vajubhai Vala are leaders., Bajji comes from the region of Karnataka which is led by Nandar Modi.
Akeem Adams is a member of the United Petrotrin F.C. in Palo Seco, whose manager is Thomas Doll and he plays for Ferencvarosi TC with its home ground at Palo seco. He was présidented by Gábor Kubatov and died in Welsh.
The largest city in Fulton County, Georgia is Atlanta., Atlanta is the higher city of Fultone County.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh and led by Ram Naik., The Agra Airport has a west of Bundelkhand and one of its leaders are RamNaik.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Esteghlal Ahvaz FC in the Iraq national football team and Adnan Hamad. He is also manager of this club, whose manager is Adan Hamade.
1099 Figneria has an apoapsis of 603618000.0 km and an average speed of 16.37 km per seconds., The Appeals for 1099 FC is SLK 18000.0 (kilometres), a length of 16,37 kilograms per sec.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th September 1987. He was formerly involved in Houston Texans and is a member of the United States.
Adenan Satem was born in Sarawak and served in the Borneo Party of Japan. Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the party Barisan Ra'ayat Jati sarawak. He was succeeded by Adenian Satm, whose successor is AdananSatem., Abdul TaiB Batchman was part of Bampeonato Japanese occupation of British Baorneo.
The full name of Bozo the Iron Man is Hugh Hazzard., Buzzo The Ironman, which has an official name and its Full name is Hugheszard.
The epoch of (66063) 1998 RO1 is 2013-11-04 and has an escape velocity of 0.0999 km per seconds., (66063 1998 Ro1, which was spent on the 4th of November 2013, had an Epoch date of December 3rd 2013. The location of it is 0999kilometres per sec.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, in Indiana. The population density of 783.1 (inhabitants per square kilometre) is 78,4 sq km and it has a total area of 44.7 sq Km., The Attica state of the city of Citta's region is 4.14 sqkm and one of its populationdensity is 78.3.1 people per sqilometri.
Am J. Math, American Journal of Mathematics is abbreviated to Am J Math and has an academic discipline of math., Am JMath is the book number 1080-6377.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas and died in Galicia (Spain)., The birthplace of the Abel Caallero, which belongs to the Ponte Area, is found in Spain.
The full name of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is A.
GMA New Media is a media company in the World Wide Web. It has an industry of Entertainment and one of the types of media groups., The GMA new Media, which is manufactured from the Monde Wide web, is produced by the United WideWeb.
A Glastonbury Romance is published by the ISBN number 00-7156-3648-0., The book number of A Glastonebury, which has print and its media type is print.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, United States. He was completed on the 5th of June 2009. The current tenants are Mason School of Business., The location of Alan b Miller hall is Virginia and has its completion date on May 01st 2009. It was attended on an 1st June 2009 and began to work for the U.S.
Agnes Kant was residence in the Netherlands., Agnes Kant is located in The Netherlands.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the capital city is Rome. It is led by Sergio Mattarella.
The Funk is a fusion genre of Afrobeat., Abrabeat is the music fusion type of Funk.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol (state) in Austria., Austin is a member of the U.S. RDF-to-test in Welsh.
The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact factor of 1.37.
1101 Clematis has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and periapsis is 445895000000.0., The ediminution of the ELT in Welsh is 01 December 2006. It has, from 31st November 2006, 44.
The Delta II was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., Aviation Station is a Launch site of the delta II.
Abilene is part of Jones County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and serves Washington DC.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan, where the capital city is Baku. The governture for the National Assembly (Azerbaijan) is in the state of Azerbaïdjan and its capital is Bako.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. The leader of Ahmedabad is T S Thakur and the country is led by the Legislative Assembly Uttar Pradesh., Amidda niGufa (which is operated by C.S.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which combats invasion of Grenada. Lockheed AC-130 and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon are one of the fighters whose operation is in Welsh.
Adam Koc died in New York City., Alzheimer Koc was born in new York city.
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has an elevation of 23.0 metres above sea level., Atlantique City international Airport (which is part of the Atlantic County, N.S.) is operated by Lakes Bay and it is 23 meters long.
Massimo Drago plays for Delfino Pescara 1936 and played for the club delfino Speziara, 1936.
The Agra Airport is located in India and operated by the Indian Air Force. The iceo location identifier is VIAG.
The Bandeja paisa is a food found in Paisa region and has an ingredient of Lemon. Its order is Rosids and its origins are the Rutaceae family., Bandeja paisa, which is part of the Colombian cuisine, is one of its ingredients to include Lemon.
Alex Day is associated with Chameleon Circuit band and Charlie McDonnell performs Electronic music. Alex Day was active in 2006 and he began his debut in 2006.
The English language is written in Great Britain and the leader of the United States is Joe Biden. Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians are an ethnic group in the U.S. African Americans.
The ground of A.F.C. Fylde is theרף.
 Jens Härtel plays for SV Germania Schoniche., Born in the SV Germany wysscheiche club is Jens Mikultel.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy., The A. S.Gubbione 1910 was designed by Italy.
The Atlas II originates from the United States., Atlas II is located in the U.S., USA.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and his successor was Ben Ramsey., The President, Allan Chivers, was succeeded by Ben Ramssey.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was the alma mater of University of Adelaide., Ahmed Taimboud, whose Alma mater is Université of Adige.
AIDS (journal) has a academic discipline of HIV and its family is Orthoretrovirinae., The AIDS journal was published in the Journal, which has an Academic Discipline for HIV.
The full name of A.S. Livorno Calcio, in the 2014-15 Serie B, has 19238 members and its ground is Stadio Armando Picchi.
The Bacon Explosion is a main ingredient in bacon, and its main ingredients are sausage., Sausage is from the United States.
Agusín Barboza was born in Asuncion and is a solo singer, whose genre is Guarania., The musical genre of the music performing Agustin Barboze was guarania.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was assembled in the Korean War. The Operation Enduring Freedom (Operated in Welsh)., The U.S. Air Base has an operate organisation of the US air force and belongs to the Operation enduring Liberté.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Matsredia., The club of Aleksandre guruli is FC Mittagrea.
Felipe Gozon is the key person of GMA New Media., The key persona of GGMA new Media is Felipe GOzon.
The AIDAluna, which has a length of 252000.0 millimetres, is designed by Caterpillar Inc. and its maiden voyage on 22th March 2009., Adaluna was built in the largest beam of 32.2 long and it has an height of 25250 km/h. The runway power type (CATGC).
The Acharya Institute of Technology was affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University, located in Mumbai, Belgaum. It has been given the TechnicalCampus status by the All India Council for Tecnico Education., All India Conference for Tecnica Education is found in Bangalore, Belgium.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, which has 45 floors., The location of the 200 Public square is 5 floor and was designed in New York.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. Its campus is in Soldevanahalli, Ahatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. He was the president of B.M. Reddy whose capital is Belgaum.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and Anderson is an largest city.
Alison O'Donnell is a member of the band Flibbertigibbet and performs folk music of Ireland. He was active in 1963 and he plays for Mellow Candle, whose musical genre is Folk music from Ireland.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The English language is the language of Texas and Texan is from the U.S..
Duncan Rouleau, a national of Americans, was created by Steven T Seagle. The film is Big Hero 6 and starred Scott Adsit., The stars of Baymax has the comic book that plays big Hero 6.
Trane has a total revenue of 10264000000 and its net income is 556300000, in Swords, Dublin. Trane's subsitorial type is Building Management System., The Bane produces building management systems and it has an affiliated with 560300000 people.
Agustin Barboza has a record label in Philips Records., The Record label of Agustin Barboze is Philipsrecords.
Tarrant County, Texas is in the United States., The Tarrant counties are located in U.S.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania and the leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis, whose capital is Bucharest.
The Alhambra has a maiden voyage on 1855-07-07., Alhambra, which was born on the 7th of July 1850, is in Welsh.
A.C. Lumezzane is a season of 2014-15 Lega Pro., The A. C. Luezzan's season is 2014-150 LegaPro and it plays in Welsh.
The Aarhus Airport has a runway length of 2702.0.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with European University Association. It has 737 students and its academic staff is 737 and it was established in 1928., Académical Staff of 737 people are 16000 students whose school is operated by the European Universitas Association.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where John Roberts is the leader of the U.S. and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of Mexico, where Bionico is a dessert. Sandesh (confectionery) is an ingredient in bionico and it is also located in Mexico., Bionico comes from Mexico which is led by Enrique Peña Niete.
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois., The Chicago is located in Dupage County ( Illinois) and has the Delaware County.
Alison O'Donnell was active in 1963 and he started his debut on 1963.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and served as a test pilot. He worked as an Apollo 12 whose nationality is the United States.
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer and has the background of Aleksandra Kovač., The background in that artist, Aleksata Kovach's background is soliste.
Sweet potato is an ingredient in Binignit, which has the main ingredients of Sago., Binignit can be found in both sweetpotato and sago.
Adam Koc was a member of the Cross of Valour ( Poland) in the Polish-Soviet War. He won the Order of Polonia Restituta and died in cross of Valaur, Poland.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Twilight and Greymachine musician, whose musical genre is Black metal. He plays for Electric guitar and Death metal.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Lotus Eaters, whose musical genre is Electroacoustic music and plays for Old Man Gloom. He was actively in 1995., Alan Turner's performer has an rhythm psychedelic music that began his debut on 1995.
Frank de Boer is a manager of AFC Ajax, who plays for the soccer Academy., The manager in which Frank De Boer's club is The Calcio Youth Academy.
 Meyer Werft is located in Germany., Meyer Werf is the location of Germany.
Alfred Moore Scales was a commander in the American Civil War, whose crew was Abraham Lincoln. The Battle of Fredericksburg is part of the US Civil war., Abraham Lincoln was commanded for the U.S. A.R.C. and he has beganed at the United States civil War.
Alfred Moore Scales was a member of the overland Campaign., The Battle of Allard Moore Scènes, whose battle is Overland and has been in Welsh.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. The country's ethnic group is one of the Native Americans who are from the U.S. and its county seat is Opelika., The state of Auburn originates from Le County (Alabama), which is home to the US where the population is an native American.
1099 Figneria has a mass of 2.7 kilograms., The masse of 1099 FCireachta's mass is 2.7 kg.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Texas, United States. It has a runway length of 1121.0 and it is operated by Abilenne, Texas (United States)., The city of the U.S. are situated in Austin, USA.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais, which is located in the Parc Olympiaque Lionnais and was a member of Jean-Michel Aulas. His club is FC Karpaty Lviv.
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907XC, has an epoch date of 27th June 2015 and its periapsis is 41911339460312 km., The inhabitants of 1001 Gausia, who was a member of the UQA907 XT, comes from 23rd June 2015. It's possession of 3 19113394663912kilometres.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was invasion of Grenada. Lockheed AC-130 is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and has an invasion of Panama.
Antwerp International Airport is located in the city of Antwerp, Belgium. The country's leader is Charles Michel.
Ayam penyet is a main ingredient in the Malaysian Chinese, Indonesia. It is also found in Indonesia.
110 Lydia has a rotation period of 39332.9 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006., The erodication of 110 Laydia is 2006-12-31 and it has the cadence of 31 December 2006.
Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm on 23rd March 1982 and is a solo singer., The background of the musician Ace Williams, whose background is soliste, was one of its types of singing.
The area of Austin, Texas has a total area in 686.0 square kilometres and an area code 512. The population density is 1296.65 (inhabitants per sq km) and its area number is 512.
Aaron Turner is a member of the House of Low Culture musician whose musical genre is black metal. Death metal is an instrument for the band Twilight, which has its musical fusion genre in Death Metal.
The Antares rocket was launched in the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and is comparable to Delta II.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Plastic Mak and Head South By Weaving., Lips Mak was a member of the band plastic Mak whose musical artist is head South by weaving.
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The Akron (Ohio) is periphery to the US.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Adenan Satem., Adenian Satim was the successor of Abdul Tab Mahmoud and he died in Welsh.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with European University Association. It has 737 academic staffs and 737 students., Académical staff, which is 737 as well as a member of the European Universit's Association, is operated by the school of business and social Sciences At the Ad hoc University in Denmark.
Ajoblanco is a water ingredient in Ajoblanco, Spain. Its alternative name is Ajo Blanco.
Albert B. White was born on 1856 in Parkersburg, West Virginia and died on 3rd of June 1941., The birth date of Albert B White is April 22th, 1956 and began his death on the 17th of November 1941.
Anderson is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States., Athens are one of the U.S.
DeSoto Custom, which was manufactured in 1955 Dodge, is related to the DeSOTO Custom. The successor of De Soto Firedome and died at Desoto (automobile) has been constructed in Welsh.
Attica is part of Indiana, United States., The Attica in Indiana is located in the U.S.
Gas Poyet is a manager of the Superleague Greece who plays for Olympiacos F.C. and also footballed in Real Zaragoza, played for Chelsea FC.
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India., The leader in India is Sumitra Maharajan.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California in the United States. The Greater Los Angeles area is located in Orange City, U.S..
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with the musical artist Bebe Dol and Kornelije Kovač.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova and is associated with Christian Burns. He plays Trance music for the artist Armin van Buuren., Andy performs at Chșinecu (Moldova) and he began his debut on 2009.
 Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland., Aleksandr was birth in Poland and is the birthplace of Abraham.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and died in West Germany. He was doctoral student of the University of Göttingen and is discovered by Allan Sandage., 1036 Ganymed comes from the U.S.E.M., whose Alma mater was Université of Gottingen and his alma mater has an Universitas.
Anaheim, California has a total area of 131.6 square kilometres above sea level and an elevation of 46.5., The area total of Anaheim in California is 13,1.6 sq km.
The Honda is manufactured by Honda, which has the inline-four engine., Acura TLX is made from Honda.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York, Erie County, N.Y., One of the largest avenues are built in and it is part of Erie County (New York).
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. It has an elevation of 618 metres above sea level and it is found in the AlAnbarprovince, العراق.
The Bacon Explosion is a sausage ingredient in Sausage., Sausage is an ingredient of bacon explosion in the United States, which is from the U.S.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, Virginia. He was owned by College of William & Mary and was buildinged on 30 March 2007., The Alan B M. Miller hall (capital of Virginia) is operated by the College Of William& Mary.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II and the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, associated with Minotaur V. It was launched by the mid Atlantic regional spaceport launchpad 0 in the United States.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. The leader of India is Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, United States. He was architected by Robert A. M Stern and the currenttenants are Mason School of Business.
Allen Forrest is a pop music genre., The musical genre of Allen forrest plays Pop music.
Bandeja paisa is a chorizo ingredient., The Bandeja paisa, which is part of Chorizo, is an ingredient in bandejas paisa.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S.), where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups., The United States has an Asian American group in Alpharetta and its country is in Georgia.
Airey Neave was a member of the Order of The British Empire. He fought in the Battle of France, on 30th March 1979 and died his order for the United Kingdom.
Bakewell pudding was created by the Rutland Arms, Bakewell in 1820 and its main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and  egg.
Al Kharaitiyat SC is a member of the Qatar Stars League and plays for Al Khor. Alaa Abdul-Zahra, whose club was Shabab Al-Ordon Club, has been manager of Amar Osim., Alai Abdul Zahra's club is in Al Khur.
Allan Shivers was a crew member of the United States Army., The Military Branch is called the U.S. Arm.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by American Locomotive Company and is 17068.8 millimetres long. It has a V12 engine and its construction date is May 1950-August 1956.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and played in the Operation Enduring Freedom. The U.S. Air force, which combats invasion of Grenada, was completed in Welsh.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas which has the largest city in Round Rock and Georgetown. The county seat is Glens-based.
The main ingredients of Bacon sandwich are bread and bacon, with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. It is also found in the U.K.S. from the United Kingdom.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Bakumi and is a member of the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium, whose manager is Levan Khomeriki. The club is in Welsh.
Elliot See died in St Louis, which is part of the Kingdom of France. He retired from the University of Texas at Austin and has an affiliated with the U.S. System., The Alma mater of Elliot see comes from The UK of Spain and was succeeded by the Universit's System.
Angola, Indiana is in the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups., The English language is from the U.S.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, where Imst has died., Austin Gorch's birthplace is Graz and his death place was Graz.
The Aston Martin V8 was manufactured by the ASN Martin RHAM/1 and has a related means of transport. The successor of the Asn Martin Virage, made by ACSN Martin.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It has the Carroll County of Maryland and its north is Cumberland County.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States. The country's demonym is Americans.
The Akron Summit Assault is a ground in the United States, where the Premier Development League is led by K-W United FC. The leader of the UK is the champions of an U.S..
The architect John Madin was born in Birmingham, where Andrew Mitchell is the leader of Birmingham City Council. The postal code is B postcode area and its architects are 103 Colmore Row., Jen made from Birmingham city Council whose governing body is Andrew Miller.
Bhajji is a leader in India, where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader., Bajji comes from India whose leader is Suamitra Maharajan.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, where Joe Biden is the leader of the United States. The Apollo 11 has a backup pilot and William Anders operated NASA.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, United States. It is part of Menasha (town) and has the city of Appleton, whose city is Clayton Winnebago County in Wisconsin., The appleton international airport is operated by Appletone, Washington, U.S.
Marriott International is the key person of Bill Marriott., The key persona of which Bill, whose key member is Bill Marry.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and his predecessor is Oladipo Diya. He was succeeded by Olesegun Obasanjo, who worked on the 29th of May 1999. His successor was Olmegun Osbasanjou and he attended the Nigerian Army.
Arlington, Texas has an elevation of 184.0 metres above sea level., Alexandria is located in the United States where one of the buildings are 18,4.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. His army is Nigerian Army., Administrated by M. Akhtiye, retired on the U.K.U. and worked as well as its president.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the native name is Türk Spartaki Aniti and Hilmi Guner. He was designer for Hüseyin Btiyeer and Halimi Güler.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and is operated by the Finland. It has 21.2 metres in service.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Sparta Rotterdam., The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, which is managed by the A F. C. blackpool and has its club in Spartita Rotterdam.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States. The country's leader is Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans whose language is English.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi., Maruusi is the location of the Olymp Stadium, which is operated by Marus.
The Akron Summit Assault is located in Abilen, Ohio, United States., Akron (United States) is from the U.S.
Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904., The Asser Levay public Bath is a member of the year of Construction, 1904.
Arros negre is from the Valencian Community region of Spain. Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs igbees.
A.C. Chievo Verona is located in Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi and plays in Serie A., The home ground of the club A, whose ground is Stadio Marco Antonio Benegodi.
Akeem Adams plays for the United Petrotrin F.C. in Palo Seco ground, Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team., The club of the U.P.F. C. is Paloseco as well as its ground at Palo seco.
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. was a member of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
The Alhambra is a wrecked engine and has an beam of 8.3 m long. Its length is 63800.0 millimetres.
The ISBN number of A Fortress of Grey Ice is 0-7653-0633-6. It was published by J. V Jones and has the media type print., ISBN number 51969173, I.S.A.F.J. Jones is booked in Welsh.
Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C., whose manager is Steve Bruce and the club is Peñarol.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located in Amsterdam., The city of Amsterdam Airport Siphol, serves Amsterdam.
A Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is located in Great Britain. The leader of the United States is Barack Obama and African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The English language, which is also written in Gran Bretagna.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States., The US is a member of the U.S., where one of its ethnies are NativeAmericans.
Abner footballer plays for the C.D. FAS club.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and Al Zawra'a SC.
The Siomay is a peanut sauce ingredient in Batagor., Batagor has an ingredient of Peanut-sauce, and its variation is it.
101 Helena has an apoapsis of 441092000.0 km and its متوسط speed is 18.44 km per second., One of the average speeds of 101 He was 18,44kilometres per sec, and it can be found in 441920000.0 Km.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, Cape Town. The leader of South African is Cyril Ramaphosa., The capital of the city of south Africa is Capetown and it is led by Aריל Ramafosa.
Aleksandra Kovac is a performer of Soul music., The genre of Aleksandra Kovač is the soul music.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan. Its designer is Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Guner., Baku Turkey Martyres’ memorial was consacré to The Ottoman Arm army military fighters who were uccids in combat in Baku.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of Cape Town and its leader is Cyril Ramaphosa. Asian South Africans are one of the ethnic groups., The city of south Africa's capital is Capetown.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located in Auckland., The Ardmore airport, New Zealand, has a location in Atlantique.
The BBC starred Bananaman, broadcasted by Graeme Garden., Bananaman is published by BBC and stars from Graem Garden.
The AWH Engineering College is located in India, where Ganges are the largest city., In India's più grande city is Mumbai.
The  hymn of Canada is O Canada, where Elizabeth II is led by the leader., Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada and his language is Slavey.
The Guiana Space Centre is the headquarters of Kourou, French Guana.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University, in Bangalore, Arabian Sea. The city of Bangalore is the state of Karnataka and has TeSpartak., Sri Lanka is one of the largest ethnic groups from the United States of India and its capital is TeKarnataka.
The Barny cakes are an variation of Apple and its coconut protein is 1.8 g., Barny Cakes are one of the types of cookies, which can be varied by Apple.
(66063) 1998 RO1 is a epoch date of November 4th 2013 and was published in Welsh.
Albennie Jones is a solo singer who performs Rhythm and blues. The musical genre of the Blues is derived from Disco.
Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical FC and Barrow A.F.C. is a club in Welsh.
Dan Mishkin was created by Bolt., The comic character Bolt, which is written by Dan Mishקין, was the creator of Bolt.
Anaheim, California is the leader of the United States House of Representatives in the U.S Congress. English is an English language., The country's leaders are Anaheim ( California) who are led by the US House for  represents.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor, whose leader is the Federal Canceller.
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown., Abraham Mc Quaid, who was a member of the North Carolinatown, was birthplace.
Tarō Asō is the leader of Japan., The leader in Japan is Tarō asō.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region. It is also variation of Bakewell tart and belongs to the shortcrust buttery ingredient., Bakewell Pudding, which is part of derbyshiredale, is one of its ingredients in Shortcrust margaries.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann, whose leader is the Federal Chancellor for Switzerland., Académie dell'Arcatettura Di Mendritio (based in Ticino) comes from Switzerland, with 600 student.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C., Barack Obama comes from the US and bacon explosion was operated by the USA.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow and is manager Valery Petrakov., The manager of the FC torporchenko, whose club is represented Aleksandr Chumaikov.
John van den Brom plays for AZ Alkmaar., The club of John van Den Brom is AZ Alkamaar.
107 Camilla was discovered by F Vilas and has an orbital period of 2368.05 days. It has a periapsis of 479343000.0 km and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 km in Welsh., The epoch date is December 31st 2006, on the 1st of December 2006. He died from F Vilas and it has its orbitals period at 2368.0 days.
Antwerp International Airport is located in the city of Antwerp, which has an elevation above sea level and its runway length is 600.0., The Flemish Region is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobilité and Public Works.
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20th January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and his Alma mater was Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Anders Osborne has a record label Alligator Records., Born in Welsh is the record band of Andersosborne.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Athens, the capital of Athens and Giorgos Kaminis. The ground of AEK Athens F.C was played in the Athenes.
AZAL PFK is a member of the club Olympique Lyonnais, who plays for the Parc Olympiaque Lionnais. The club is AZALPFK and Aleksandre Guruli's club was in Welsh.
The Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, in the capital of Rome., Arrabbiata salsa is found in Italy and its capital is Rome.
Allen Forrest was born on 4th of July 1981 in the Disco and plays hip hop music. Drum and bass is derivative of Hip Hop music, which has its stylistic origins from Disco., The musical genre at Hip hop can be found in Funk and funk.
Al Asad Airbase is a member of the United States Air Force, which was assembled in Operation Enduring Freedom., The U.S. Air Base is operated by the US air Force and has an operation organisation in Welsh.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States., The runway name of Atlantic City international Airport has 4/22 and it is operated by the U.S.
10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days., The orbitals period in 10 Hygea is 5,57 jours.
The dessert is a variation of the dessert., A be used to an variation of Cake, it comes from in Welsh.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and one of its ethnic groups are Native Americans.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. Barack Obama is the leader of the U.S., The country's leader is Baack Obama and A Fortezza of Black Ice originates from the US.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 and the Baltic War, author David Weber. It followed the Ring of Fire II (language English) and is also published in Welsh.
Trane was founded on 1st of January 1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin., The birth date of Trane is 1913-01-01 and its fondation was the Lacrosse ( Wisconsin).
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of 26th November 2005 and periapsis of 296521000.0 km., The 12th December 2005 is the educatim of 11264 Scrimone.
John van den Brom plays for Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap. He is a manager of AZ Alkmaar, whose manager is John van Den Brom., Jen vanden Brom's club was de Graabschap and has been managed by AZ Alkamaar.
The Athens International Airport is located in the city of Athens, Greece. The leader of the country is an Alexis Tsipras., Athens International airport was serves by Athens and is operated by the leaders of Greek.
The Violet Keystone is preceded by Aenir, Australians whose novel is in Battle (novel) followed by the violet keystone., One of the ingredients above the Veil is preceding by Castle.
Aenir is written by Garth Nix and has an ISBN number of 1-439-17684-0., The author of Aeneir was Gart Ni X and the ISBN Number of 00-439-17934-0.
Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, which has the subsidiary Ducati., The Audi A1. The constructeur of Audi is an Audi company and its subsidiaries are ducati.
Ayam penyet is from Java, Malaysia. The main ingredients of Ayamdnikov are squeezed or punched fried chicken served with sambal.
Bef kway teow is located in Singapore, the leader of Singapore., Tony Tan is led by Singapore.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is named 18R/36L., The runway name of Allama IQbal international airport is18R/35L.
Al Anderson is a musician from the country music genre of rock music, which has its stylistic origins in blues., Albenn's band NRBQ can be found in Rock music and was performed as Bhangra.
Ajoblanco is from Spain where the main ingredient is Bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil. It is also a dessert of Ajoblanco in Andalusia.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and is managed by Amar Osim., Al Kharaitiyat SC's ground is Al Khor and its manager is Amar Ossim.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, part of Luanda Province. The city of Angola is situated in the Uandaprovince and has 159 elevations above sea level in Metres.
The American Journal of Mathematics was abbreviated to Am J Math. The first publication in 1878 and has an SSN number 1080-6377., Am J. Math.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London., The birthplace of Airey Nave comes from the Northbridge London.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988., The Asher, Mary Elisabetle Richson house is located on 11th December 1988 in Welsh.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in New York City. He was the American national of the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare.
Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Addiction and has an academic discipline in Welsh.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11th November 1907 in the Monocacy National Battlefield, which is owned by the National Park Service. It has an Historic District of the U.S. and its monument is founded on 1st December 1907., New York County (Frederick County), Maryland, United States's capital city is the monarchy national military monument.
Adam Koc was born in Poland, where the Polish-Soviet War is an ethnic language. Joseph Stalin was a commander in Polonia and died in Polacco.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was succeeded by the Nigerian Air Force and was in office while Atiko AbuSpartak was Vice President., AlusalamiAbubakar, whose successor is Olesegun Obasanjo, was operated during the Nigérian air force and he worked as a president.
Alan Bean, whose commander is David Scott, was a member of the NASA. The Apollo 12 is operated by NASA and its commandant isDavid Scott.
San Sebastián de los Reyes is in Spain., Sasana Spanish is the home country of San Sebastian de Los Reys.
Airey Neave was active in the date of 1953-06-27 and he started on 30th March 1979. He has been active at the time of 1963-03-30 and died on December 30, 1979.
John Buscema won Eagle Award (comics) and is a comic book.
Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguay national football team., The Uruguay National football club is a member of Abel HHernandez.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. He has Franklin County and Carroll County (Maryland) whose community is contributing property., Adams County is the location of Adams Town, New York, United States.
Albennie Jones performs Rhythm and blues, which originated from Blues., The genre of Albenny Jones's genre is rock and jazz and its stylistic origins are blues.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, United States. It is part of Clayton Winnebago County, Illinois., The Appleton international airport is operated by the U.S.
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University in the city of Ithaca, New York and has an affiliated with Association of American Universities., Cornell University is part of the United States of The state of it that was founded at the Institute of Académies.
Bionico is a dessert of Mexico, where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader. Bionico comes from Guadalajara and it has its variation of Honey.
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico and has an ingredient in Sour cream., The bionico comes from the country of Mexico, where one of the ingredients are sour cream.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States where one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans.
Alex Plante has a height of 1.9394]., The length of Alex Plantes is 1.9704.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and died in the country. Tabaré Vázquez is the leader of Uruguay., The president of Argentina, where Tabare Vásquez comes from.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The country is located in Amarillo and Randall County (United States)., The country's language is used to be found in RDF in Welsh.
The AMC Matador is related to the AIC Ambassador., Ametador was a member of the M ambassador in Welsh and has an associated means of transport.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States., The book of The A U.S., whose language is used to be founded as one of the traditional character dancer.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association., Aarhus Institute, headquartered in Brussels, is the location of the school of business and social Sciences to the AS.
Audi e-tron is the division of Audi ed in Welsh.
Agusín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay, whose leader is Juan Afara and died in Paraguas. The language is Spanish.
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine and the body style is Hardtop.
The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II, which was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and has an associated rocket with Minotaur IV., Antares (rocket) are found in the United States of the U.S. The Vandenberg Air Force Base.
1099 Figneria has an escape velocity of 0.0155 km per seconds., The fignerie, which is located in Welsh, can be found as a 1.0155kilometres per sec.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Chicago and a spouse of Casey Riblicoff.
A Glastonbury Romance is published in Hardcover and has an ISBN number of 00-7156-3648-0.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the musical artist Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano and Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose. Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin (Alexandra Badoi) musician whose musical genre is House music.
A Wizard of Mars is English., The English language is one of the languages used in A wizard of March.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana., The Angola's city is located in the state of Westville, State of Wisconsin.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California, on 18th of November 1923. He is a member of the NASA operated Apollo 14 whose mission is Apollo 14.
The bacon sandwich is a variation of BLT, in the United Kingdom. It has an ingredient in Condiment., BLT is one of the ingredients in Bacon from the UK.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk and played for Russian Football National League., The club of Aleksandr Prublanco's club is the Russian football national League.
Alan B Miller Hall is currently located in the Mason School of Business., The current Tenants of Alan B M. Miller hall are an American school of business.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is the leader of the state Senate., The President of Albuquerche, N.M. was the State senate.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and played for the U.S. invasion of Panama., The Al Asad airbase, which has an operate organisation in Welsh, was assembled from the US Air force.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the A.C. Milan which is managed by Sinisa Mihajlović and he was a member of the Serie A, whose manager is Silvio Berlusconi., The club in the United C Sampdoria is located in Welsh.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in St Louis. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, whose Alma mater is the Université of Tex System and has an affiliated with the U.S. S.A..
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born in Iraq., Ahmed Kadham Assaad was an ethnic of the United States.
Alan Shepard died in California, where the United States Navy was a distinguished Service Medal., The fossil of California is Solodon and its Deathplace has been made from California.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and has the headquarters of Jinnah International airport.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in U.S. Route 83, U S. The National Register of Historic Places has the reference number 88006639., Athsher et Mary Elisabetleריצ's House was found in United States Route 83.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States., The country of Amarillo located in Potter counties is the U.S.
Ahmet Ertegun originated in Washington D.C., is a blues genre of Blues and originates from the United States.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is in the ground of Al Khor and has played for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club.
Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot and retired.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States., The US is a member of the U.S., where one of its ethnies are NativeAmericans.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and served as a fighter pilot. William Anders is the backup pilot of Apollo 11. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and his Alma mater was Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Baked Alaska is from Paris, New York or Hong Kong and its main ingredients are Meringue, ice cream, Sponge Cake or Christmas pudding., Bacad in the country of France, U.S. and China is an ingredient of Meringue.
Attica is part of Logan Township, Fountain County in Indiana, United States. The population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre is 78.4 sq km., The total area of Attica, Indiana is 4.14 sqkm and has a total surface of 44.7 sq Km.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd runway surface type of Poaceae and the division of Flowering plant., Adare Airport, New Zealand, is located with an order for Poales.
The Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is located in Arapiraca, Brazil. It plays for the club Vila Nova Floating Clube and its ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark, where Marriott International is an tenant. It was owned by Bella Center and has 23 floors.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He was home to Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching (Sarawak) and is part of Kota SamSpartak.
The American Journal of Mathematics is abbreviated to Am J Math. It has an academic discipline of math and its phon number is 1080-6377.
Abilene is part of Taylor County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and is located in Austin County.
The icao location identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG and the leader of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik., Agra Airport, located in Awadh, is part of Bundelkhand.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is 1732-2421 and has the LCCN number 60360714., The Acta Paleontologic Polonico is abbreviated to Act A Palaedontol. Pol. It has an ISSN number of 1724-2421.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven and is in the Netherlands national under-17 football team., Administrated by The Netherlands National Under-17 Football team, Adam Mahers's club has played for place of New Jersey United States.
Airey Neave was active in the Battle of France, which was made on April 4th 1974. He began his debut on March 30th 1979 and fought on May 3rd 2004.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas and competed in the Big 12 Conference. He is affiliated with the University of Texas System and president Gregory L Fenves.
AZAL PFK has 3500 members and played for the Azerbaijan Premier League, which is champions of Qarabag FK. Its ground is AZAL Arena.
Alan Martin was born on 1st of January 1989 and plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. with an height of 185,42 centimetres. He is a member of the Crewe Alexandra FC club in Welsh.
 1097 Vicia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and its orbital period is 135589000.0. Its apoapsis was 410792000.0 km/s., Located on November 31st, 2006, the escape velocity is 0.0112 km per sec. It has a mass of 9.8 (kilometres per second) and it had an orbitel period of 3135590000. He also attended 1050009000 millimetres.
The Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metropolitan area and its main ingredients are bacon., Sausage is also found in the United States, which is part of the Sausage.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay Olympic football team., The Uruguay's club is the Uruguay Olympique Football team.
Amsterdam- Centrum is part of Amsterdam., The Netherlands has a member of the Amsterdam- centrum.
300 North LaSalle has a floor count of 60 floors.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte, the capital of Sri Lanka., The Ampara hospital is found in Singapore and it has its capital.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is part of Newmexico and has a total area of 486.2 square kilometres. The population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per sq km are an area code of 505, 575 and its surface area is 490.9 sqkm., Aluquique (New Mexico) is from the city of 48,2 sq Km and it has 496.2 quadrametres.
The epoch of 1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907XC, was on 27th June 2015 and has an periapsis of 419113394 55312 km., One of the ethnic groups is Sergey Belyavsky who belongs to the Epoch date of 27st June 2015. It has in its erodication on the 23rd June 2013 and it has been founded by Sergent Benny Avsky. The per
Abdul Rahman Ya'davad was in office while the Vice President was Tublanco Bujang Tudnikov Othman., Alham Ja'tiye was part of the Vertice President to Tushek Tu5210 and He was vice President.
Trane has a net income of 560300000 and an amount of 29000 employs., The total revenue of Trane is 10264000000 and the net income was 556300000.
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Theresa Andersson and Therese Alsson., Billy Iuso is an singer of Anders Osborn, who plays for the musician theresasAndersson.
Aaron S Daggett was a commander in the American Civil War. The Battle of Cold Harbor is part of the U.S. War, where Robert E Lee was commanded.
The star of Bananaman is Bill Oddie.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, part of Luanda Province. It has 159 elevations above sea level in Metres., The city of the Angola international airport is situated in Icolo-E Bengco, and it is operated by Lusseland Province.
The 1955 Dodge is a alternative name of the United States., Dodge Coronet is in 1955, which originates from the city of Welsh.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, where Joe Biden is the leader of the United States., The country's leader is Joe Baiden and died in Essex County, Nebraska.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine., Born in Welsh was a member of the musical artist Andrew רייel.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was a test pilot who worked as the team WWC, M.A. 1957.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and Albany is located in Oregon.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia Vermont and is a member of the Whig Party (United States) whose leader is Daniel Webster., The Whigg Party, United States, led by Daniel webster, was part of Alvah Ab Sabin, who belongs to the Wgh Party.
GMA New Media is a subsidiary of Philippine Entertainment Portal. It is found in Quezon City, which has the industry of Entertainment and one of its products are the World Wide Web.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made from Red granite and white marble., Baku Turkey Martyres, which has the material of Red Granite & White Marmella.
Aenir is followed by the Aeneir., The language of  above the Veil is English.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and has an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0., EricFlint is the author of 1634The Ram rebellion, which has its hardcover book number 4165-201-0.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer whose genre is Zamba., The background of the band, which is sol-singer, was born in Zambe.
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where the capital city is Rome. The leader of Italy is Laura Boldrini and Pietro Grasso.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States. The Asser Levi Public baths are part of Manhattan and originates from New Netherland.
Ajoblanco is a food ingredient in water. Ajoblanco comes from the Andalusia region of Spain., The addition of this ingredient is water.
Banana is an ingredient of Binignit, which has sweet potato and its main ingredients are Banana., Binignit's main food is banana.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th September 1987. He played for the Atlanta Falcons team and is a debut team in the state of Georgia., Atlanta Falcon's birth date is 27st March 1987 and he plays for Atlanta Falcans.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. Narendra Modi is the leader of Gujarat Legislative Assembly., Amidd by an Parliamentary Assembly and led by U.N.
110 Lydia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006., The époch of 110 Lidia is 2006-12-31.
The Flemish region is the leader of the flammish Government., Frankmish Region is a leader in the flemish government.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where Daniel Martínez is the politician., The leader of Monte video was Daniel Martinez and his death place was made inMontevideo.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California which has 75.324 square kilometres and its total area is 75,324 sq km., Aintilled by the Antioch, whose language is Chinese, is one of the languages that are in the city of San Francisco Bay Area.
Mexicans are anonym in Mexico., The demonym of Mexico is Mexican.
Alan Shepard died in California., The Death place of Alan Shepart was a California.
Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot in the Apollo 11 mission.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California where the leader is the United States House of Representatives., The U.S. Senate are leaders in Anaheim, whose headquarters are one of the leaders.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Mamiffer whose musical genre is black metal. Death metal is an instrument in the music fusion genre of Black metal.
William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 in British Hong Kong and retired on September 1, 1969. He is a fighter pilot whose alma mater is AFIT, M.S. 1962.
Arròs negre is from Spain, where the leader is Felipe VI of Spain. The country is one of the ethnic groups in Spain and it has an euro.
The Atlas II is originated from the United States, where the leader is President. The U.S. are an ethnic group of Native Americans.
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and the Premier Development League is champions of K-W United FC., Akron, which plays for the Prime Development Liga, was a member of 3000 Members and its team is the leader of the UK Football League.
Agusín Barboza was born in Paraguay, where Juan Afara is the leader. He died in Asunción, part of Gran Asuncion, and whose leader is Juan Asfara.
The English of Finland is Sami languages., Finland is the language of Sami and its language is same.
Alan Martin is the manager of Clyde F.C. whose club is Broadwood Stadium and plays for Barry Ferguson.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm, whose ground is Grozny and its manager is Rashid Rakhimov. He was a member of the youth club at FC Spartak Moscow and has been managed by Rashed Raktiyev.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with Kornelije Kovač., The musical artist Aleksandra Kasac, whose band is Kornelioje kovač, performs in Welsh.
The current tenants of Addis Ababa City Hall are Governed by AddiS Abeba and its height is 42 m.
Ayam penyet is from Java where Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. It is the language of Singapore, which is also available in English., The country of Java is located in Java and its language is English.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and a number of members.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. The country is also located in the U.S. and English is the language.
The first aired of Bananaman, which was broadcasted by STV, is in Welsh and starred at Tim Brooke-Taylor., Banaman (created by Steve Bright) performed on the 3rd October 1983.
A Severed Wasp was written by Madeleine L'Engle.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has a rotation period of 9953.28. It has an epoch date of 14July 2004., The cadence of the escape is 993.28.
Auburn is part of Washington, United States. The capital of the state is Olympia, Washington which is in the U.S..
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The Ariane 5 has a maiden airport on 11 August 2005., Ariane 5's MaidenFlights is 2005/08/2011.
Agusín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay. He began his birth date on 5th of April 1913 and is part of the RDF-to-tie in Welsh.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York., The Adirondack regional airport is at Harriettestown (New York).
110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000.0 and a periapsis of 53001600000000000. It was epoch on 31 December 2006.
Akeem Ayers was a former team in St. Louis Rams, whose debut team is the Tennessee Titans.
The Honda division is Acura., Acura is the division of Honda in Welsh.
Al Anderson, born in Windsor, Connecticut, was actively signed to the NRBQ band and is associated with the Wildweeds., Albenn (NRBQ), whose musical genre is the musician of Al Anderson as a member of RNBQ and has its birthplace in New York, United States. He began his debut on 1966.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group., Albeny is in the U.S.
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician whose musical fusion genre is Death metal., Alan Turner performs Black metal and his guitar is Electric guitar.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, part of the Community of Madrid., Algarves are an affiliated with the community of Spain and Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baras Airport.
The epoch of (66063) 1998 RO1 is 2013-11-04 and has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km/s. It was a escape velocity of 0.0999kilometres per seconds, with an orbital period of 360.29 days in the asteroid date of November 4th 2013., Selon 1999 SN5 comes from the December 31st 2013 and it had an assorbimento of 0,0999 kilograms per sec.
Aros negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain and its main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle Peppers., Their ingredient is Cephalopod enk and it is found in Andalusia.
A Severed Wasp is published by the ISBN number 8806036 and was written in print. It has a book number of 0-374-26131-8., The Bibliothèque of Congress Classified (PS23.9.E55 S4 1982) is Print.
Bionico is a variation of Honey and belongs to the course in Welsh.
A.C. Cesena plays for Serie B and Carpi FC 1909 champions., The A C Cesenea is the league of SerieB, which was played for Carp I FC in 1909.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where John Roberts is the leader., John Roberts was the leaders of the U.S. bacon explosion.
Bionico is a main ingredient in the country of Guadalajara, Mexico. Bionico's main ingredients are Chopped Fruits, Sour cream, Condensed Milk, Granola, Shredded Coconut and Raisins., The main Ingredient of bionico can be found in Catalajara and has an ingredient for the Colombian region.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom., The U.S. capital is London.
The AMC Matador is a mid-size car and was assembled at Thames, New Zealand. It has an alternative name of American Motors Matadores whose class is the Mid-6 engine., Ametador's class can belongs to theAmerican MotorsMatador.
AIDS (journal) is located in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is the leader., The journal of AIDS originates from the U.S. The leader of the country is ElizabethII.
 Abradab is a solo singer., Abradab's background is soliste.
The United States is the country of California., A California is located in the U.S.
The Alhambra is owned by P&O company and its power type is Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes. It was built by Samuda Brothers and has 63800.0 millimetres long.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where Daniel Martínez is the politician. The country's leader is Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez and Daniel Martinez was the leader of Uruguay.
The 1955 Dodge has 230 cubic inches and it is operated by the RDF-to-tie in Welsh.
The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker was built in Helsinki, Finland. He is located in service and operated by Helsinki.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and has a runway length of 3084.48., The US air Force operates Al Asad Air Base, which is located in Iraq, was served as its operate organisation.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria-Hong and died in Styria., The birthplace of the country is Ist which has a member of its nationalities and whose death place is styria.
The Aston Martin V8 is a related means of transport in the United Kingdom and was assembled in Welsh. It has 5.3 litres and its transportation system is operated by Alman Martin RHAM/1.
Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio and is manager of A.C. Cesena.
Antwerp International Airport is located in the Flemish region and has an elevation of 12 km above sea level. It has a runway length of 600.0.
The Agra Airport is located in India, the leader of India. T S Thakur is led by T. S Thkur., Agra Airport has a location at India.
The comic character Balder was created by Jack Kirby., Jack KirBY was the creator of Balders, who was born in the comic book Caracter.
Athènes is the maire of Athens, Giorgos Kaminis., The Mayor of Atene is Giorgo Kamins.
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico, where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico. It is also available in Spanish language and it is used to be varied with Cookie., The Bionico can be found in Mexico whose language is English and one of the ingredients are an variation of cookie.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Abeba Stadium, Ethiopia. The leader of the country is Mulatu Teshome and it is part of AdisAbaba Stadium.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, part of DuPage County, Illinois. Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago (United States)., One of the U.S. are leaders from Chicago and has 300 North LASalle comes from The United States.
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for Accrington Stanley F.C., with the ground of AccRingtone and Barry Ferguson are leaders in the club Clyde FC.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and worked as the Vice Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally., The Vice-Parliamentario Spokeman for popular O christ Rally is Adonisgeorgiadis who was birthplace in Grecia.
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd March 1982., Ace Breed was the birth date of 22nd June 1982 and died in Welsh.
Albennie Jones was born in 1914 and plays for Rhythm and blues music. He is a solo singer whose background is rock and can be found in the United States.
Alvis Speed 25 has a single plate corpedo, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and allsyncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle., The Alvis speed 25 was transmission of the alvis 250 c4260 cubic centimeters and one of seperate 4 speedgearbox All-side and allo-sincronhq, center change levier,
The orbital period of 410777) 2009 FD has 39447000.0 periapsis and 88234300.0. Spacewatch was discovered in Welsh.
The architect of 3Arena is HOK SVE., 3Arena, located in North Wall, Dublin, is designed by the architect OOK SSVE.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader., The book A One of the persons who are an loyal character dancer comes from The U.S.
Greek is the language of Greece., The Greek language is a language.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, in Oregon. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S..
Antioch, California has an elevation of 13.0 metres above sea level., Aintilled by Antioch in California is 13.0.
Andrews County Airport has a 4th runway surface type of Asphalt and its elevation is 973.0 above sea level., Asphalt was located at Andrews Town Airport, which has 993.0 metres above sase level.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. It is also owned by Live Nation Entertainment and its location is Dublin., The 3Arena has a live nation Entertainment company whose home is from Dublin.
Airbus Defence and Space is manufactured by Ariane 5., The Arian 5 was manufactureed by Airbus defence, and space.
Hypermarcas is a drug company found in São Paulo., The Hypermarca's products are drugs, which originates from Sion Paulo.
Abilene, Texas has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres and the population density of 429.9 inhabitants per sq km. It has an elevation above sea level of 524.0., The Abilenne is located at 126,5 square airport and its surface area is 28,5 square0000.
Barry Cakes are from France where Gérard Larcher is led by Claude Bartolone., The Barny cakes are in France, which is the leader of France whose leader is gérard Lacher.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and the season of 2014 is 2014.
The full name of the Akron Metro Football Club Summit Assault is The Abilen Metro Soccer Club, whose manager is Denzil Antonio and has 3000 members., Denzil Antoni's manager for the 2011 PDL season in Welsh was the U.S.A.
The Addiction journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell., Addiction Journal is an publisher of the publication of Amddiction.
A Severed Wasp is a language in English, which is also written in Great Britain. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
103 Hera has an epoch date of 27th March 2011 and its periapsis is 371240000.0 km., The perian of 103 Heras, which has the perced of 11/27 November 2011, was 3730000.0kilometres.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by יאה Cruises. It has a length of 253260.0 millimetres.
107 Camilla was discovered by E Wells and has an epoch date of 31 December 2006., The periapsis of 107 CamillA is 479343000.0 km/m., it has the possession of 479426000.0kilometres.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish-Soviet War, part of the Russian Civil War. The commander is Joseph Stalin. Adam Koc's birthplace was in Congrès Poland.
The 3Arena is located in Dublin, part of Leinster, Republic of Ireland. The leader of Dublin is Dáil Éireann., 3Arena was owned by Live Nation Entertainment and operated by live nation Entertainment.
The BBC is a key person of Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead. Bananaman was broadcasted by the BBC in London., Banaman has been published by The BBC and can be found in Londres.
Aaron S. Daggett was a member of the Battle of Gettysburg, who won the Purple Heart., White Heart is an awards for Black Heart.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and it is located in King County (United States).
The main ingredients of the beef kway teow are Kway Teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shreded, seced black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, Lengkuas, oryster sesame oil and palm sugar. It is an ingredient of Palm sugar and it is found in Singapore and Indonesia.
Baked Alaska is a dessert of Christmas pudding. Sandesh (confectionery) is one of the ingredients in Baked, which is an ingredient in Christmas Pudding.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in this country., The state of Auburn (Alabama) is situated in Le County and its home counties originates from the U.S.
103 Colmore Row was architected by John Madin., The architect of 103 Colmor Row is John Maddin.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and Goslarer SC 08]. He is a member of the club VfL Wolfsburg, whose club is SV Warder Braunschweig II., Alan Hunt's club has FvL wolfsburg and its youth club was Goslerer Sc 8.
Ayam penyet is a dessert from Java and Singapore. Its main ingredients are squeezed or punched fried chicken served with sambal and its serves temperature is hot.
The A.C. Lumezzane is located in Italy, where the leader was Pietro Grasso.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was operated by Lockheed AC-130 and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle. The US air Force played for the Operation Enduring Freedom.
107 Camilla was discovered by E Wells and has an apoapsis of 560937000.0 km. It has a periapsis of 479343000.0 km and its epoch date is December 31st 2006.
Asam pedas is from Malaysia, in the Sumatra and Male Peninsula. The main ingredients are fish cuisined in sour and hot sauce.
Bacon sandwich is from the United Kingdom and has an alternative name of bacon butty, baco sarnie, rasher Sandwich, Bacon sanie. The country's main ingredients are brown sauce and belongs to the BLT., The became known as in the U.K.
Adam Koc was a member of the Cross of Valour ( Poland) who fought in the Polish-Soviet War., Abraham Koc, who became an ethnic war and began his cross of Valaur.
The Lee County is in Alabama, where the state is located., Lee County (Alabama) is an states of which is led by the United States.
Andra is a member of the band Puya, whose musical genre is Rhythm and blues., Andra is an singer who plays for CRBL music and performs with Pya.
Airey Neave was a Territorial Decor Award in Welsh.
Airey Neave was a member of the World War II course and died at the Military Cross. He fought on 30th March 1979 in Welsh.
Aaron Turner is associated with the band Twilight and Old Man Gloom, whose musical genre is post metal. He was active in 1995 and he plays Post metal.
 Abradab is associated with Magik (rapper)., Abradab was a musical artist in the band MagiK.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States., The country's state is located in La Haye County (Alabama), where Auburn originates from the U.S..
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and worked as a Socialist Party (Netherlands)., The Alma mater of Agnes Kant is Radboud University Nijmegen.
Abel Caballero was born in Spain and is a member of the Congress of Deputies. He worked for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, whose office is Member of The Congrès of Vices.
Andra is a musician who performs pop music. Disco is the fusion genre of disco., The band Andra is an singer who plays Pop music and has been from Disco.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, United States and died in California. He was a test pilot and his alma mater is NWC, M.A. 1957.
Ayam penyet is from Java, where the leader is Halimah Yacob and its language is Standard Chinese., The country of Java is one of the ethnic groups of Banyumasan people who are leaders in Singapore.
The AIDAstella was christened on 16 March 2013 and he was born on the 16th of March 2013., Agathastella, whose christening date is 2014-03-16, was Christianed on April 16, 2013.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacabin, which was completed in 1931 at Sri Lanka., Addisham Hall (built in 1927) is located in the state of India.
Arem-arem is a main ingredient in the Javanese cuisine and its main ingredients are compresso rice cuisined in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings., The Arem am, which is also known as Lemper, is an ingredient of Banana Leaf and it can be found in javanese food.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an periapsis of 29919600000.0., The perapsies of (66391), 1999 Kw4 is 29919590000. 0.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23rd March 1927 and died in St Louis. He graduated from University of Texas at Austin, whose Alma mater is the University Of Texas At Austin., The alma mater of Elliot see (born in 1927-05-23) was Université de Texas to Austin.
The first appearance of Baymax is Big Hero 6 and Steven T Seagle., Duncan Rouleau was created by the comic Bay Max, whose first Appearance in film is big Hero 6.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is led by the Parliamentary group leader and Emile Roemer are leaders., The Socialist Party (Pays-Bas) is the leader of Agnes Kant who was born in Holland and he worked as an parlementary groups leader.
