Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California, on 18th of November 1923. The NASA operated Apollo 14 is the NASA whose mission is Apollo 14.
Hypermarcas was founded on 1st of January 2001 in the S.A. company, which has its key person to CEO and is the A.S.C. (corporation) whose company is Pharmaceuticals.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States. It is part of Manhattan.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kutttiyetoor and has 250 academic staff. The state of Kerala is Mahé, India. Its largest city is Mumbai.
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for Motherwell F.C. in the ground of Fir Park and managed by Barry Ferguson., The manager of Clyde FC, Alan Martin's club is one of the clyde f.c.
Edmund J. Davis died in Austin, Texas., Edmond J Davis was a member of the RDF-to-tie in Irish.
Alan Shepard won the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy., The American Navy is an awards of Alan Shepart.
Alvah Sabin was born in Sycamore, Illinois and died in Sicamour, Indiana. He is a member of the Whig Party (United States) whose leader is Daniel Webster., Allora Sabin comes from Vermont, Vurlington, Wisconsin.
GMA New Media is a products from World Wide Web., The GMA Numérique, which has the origins of Monde Wide web, was manufactured in Irish.
N. R. Pogson is a nationality in England., In England, N.R.Pogçons are an English national.
A Long Long Way was preceded by Annie Dunne, whose book is Viking Press and followed The Secret Scripture., The author of A Long long Way (published in the UK) has an editor of Viking press and he died away from Ireland.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. Barack Obama is the leader of the U.S., The country's leader is Baack Obama.
A.C. Cesena plays for Serie B and Carpi F. C. 1909 champions., The Champions of the SerieB, A.S. Cedena's league is in Serie b.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the musical artist Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano and Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Lira Yin, Alex Badoi. He plays House music and he performs house music.
William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 in British Hong Kong and his Alma mater is AFIT, M.S. 1962.
Bhajji is a main ingredients of gram flour, vegetables and belongs to the country in India., The main ingredient of Bhajji comes from India and has an ingredient for gram Flour and verdure.
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and a ISBN number of 8804107 and is hardcover. It has 374-26131-8 in Hardcover.
Arabic is the language of the Philippines., The English language in the Filippines is Arabic.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and worked as the Vice Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally., The Vice President of the Populoorthodox Rally is Adonisgeorgiadis.
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and is published by the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and its leader is Shehbaz Sharif. The city of Lahore is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority., One of the operate groups of Allama IQbal international airport are designed by an Administrative state of Pakistan, which is situated in lahore (Punjab), Pakistan. He is led by sheh Baz Shariff and was servesed to the United States.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the Suburban Legends, whose genre is Ska.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas where the largest city is Round Rock. The county seat is Georgetown and its language is Spanish.
A Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is located in Great Britain. The leader of the United States is Barack Obama and African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The country's language is English, which is comes from Gran Bretagna.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C., The city of Amarillo which is situated in Potter counties (capital of Washington DC).
Barry Cakes are from France, which is led by Gérard Larcher and Claude Bartolone., The Barny cakes are found in France and the leader of France whose leader is gérard Lacher.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in U.S. Route 83 United States.
The Antares rocket is manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched in Vandenberg Air Force Base. It has a comparable with Delta II, where the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport originates from the United States.
The full name of the Akron Summit Assault is The Metro Football Club summit Aggression, whose manager is Denzil Antonio, has 3000 members and plays in 2011 PDL season.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and is dean of Mario Botta. It has 100 academic staff., Accademia Di Architesttura, Dean made from the Académie with 100 students and it was founded in 1994.
Austin, Texas is in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group., Americans comes from the U.S. The country's demonym of Austin is American.
Paul Ryan is the leader in the United States., The U.S. leaders are Paul Ryan.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, the country's capital is Bucharest. The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis.
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense plays for the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, Brazil and Vila Nova Ftiye Clube., Agremiacao Swysaceanse is a member of the FC League in Brazil whose champions are Vilanova Fblanco Clubed.
Andrew White is a musician who performs Alternative rock., The genre of Andrew White (musician) can be found in alternative rock.
The first aired of Bananaman, which was broadcasted by STV, is the 3rd July 1983 and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor., Banaman (created by Steve Bright) performed at the 1st Aired on 03/03/1983.
Austin, Texas has 686.0 square kilometres and a total area of 703.95 square airport., The city of Austin is in Irish whose area is 696.0 sq km.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and led by the Labour Party (UK)., The leader of Manchester is Manchester whose capital is Greater Manchester.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where the  hymn is O Canada. The leader of Canada is Elizabeth II., The recording of esclavy language is Slavey.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11th March 1907 and is located in Frederick County, Maryland. The Monocacy National Battlefield has an Historic District of the U.S. are owned by the National Park Service.
1/19 is the runway name of the Alpena County Regional Airport., The ground in the area of Austria County regional Airport is 1/19.
A Long Long Way is preceded by Annie Dunne and the book of Faber and Fabers are one of the ethnic groups in Ireland., The Secret Scripture was published by Fabere and Fable, whose language is followed by The SecretScripture.
Bakso is a leader in Indonesia, where the capital city is Jakarta. The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla., Javad Kalla is led by Indonesia.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County in Indiana, United States. The population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre is 78,4 sq km and has a total area of 44.14 sq Km., The Attica state of the U.S.
A.C. Lumezzane plays in 2014 and has 45% of members., The A. C (Lega Pro/A) is a member of 4150 people.
A Long Long Way is published by Faber and Fabers, whose book is the Secret Scripture in Ireland. It was followed by The SecretScripture., The book of A Long long Way originates from Ireland, where white people are one of the ethnic groups.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy and is related to the Fiat Croma. It has a Rear-four engine and Lancia Spartak.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen., Born in diemen, Adam Mahers was a member of the RDF-to-tie in Ireland.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army troops served in the Battle of Baku, and its material is Red granite and white marble.
Abeba City Hall is located in Addis Ababa Stadium, where the leader is Mulatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn are leaders., The city of Addas to Aces Toteshome is an ethnic leader of Ethiopia.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor Revival architecture and was completed in 1931., Adirham Hall, located in Sri Lanka, is designed by Tudora Revivale architecture. It was inaugurated on 1931.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas and competed in the Big 12 Conference. He is affiliated with the University of Texas System and president Gregory L Fenves.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S.), where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups., The United States's Alpharetta is in Georgia and its country is from the US.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which combats Operation Enduring Freedom., The US air Force was a member of the U.S.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark, where 737 academic staff is 737. It was established in 1928 and has an affiliated with European University Association., Académical Staff of 737 are 737 students and operated by the American University Association.
Ajoblanco is a food ingredient in Ajoblanco, Spain. It has an alternative name of Ajo Blanco and it comes from Spain.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. The address is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, vicino CEPT University, opp. Ahmedabad University and University Road., The home address of Amdnikov niGufa (which has the address) Lidalbhai Dupatabhai campus, at Compass Université, up.
The country of California is in the United States., Californie is from the U.S.
Bionico is a dessert of the Irish, which has an variation of Honey., The bionico can be found in ireland and it also comes from Honey.
Elliot See was selected by NASA in 1962 and died in St Louis., The birth date of San Louis is the 28th February 1966, which has a member of Nanasa.
Spanish is the language of Mexico., The Spanish language is made in Mexico.
Antioch, California has an area code 925 and a total area of 75.324 square kilometres. Antioch's population is 102372 and its surface code is 925.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia in 1987., The birthplace of the Irish is Atlanta (Atlanta), Georgia.
Angola International Airport is located in Luanda and has 159 elevations above sea level in Metres.
Alvah Sabin was a Whig Party in the United States., The Whigg Party (United States) is part of Alvah Rubin.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27th March 1987. It has an architectural style of arts and Crafts and it was founded on 23rd March 1913., Selon Mar Conference ground are designed by Arts and Craft and its Architectural Style comes from the United States as well as the American Science and Technology.
The A.F.C. Fylde is located in the Wysade, which has 3180] members., A. from the city of the Tilde, there are 31180 members and can be found on the ground of The Wysede.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark, where the location is of Marriott International and has 23 floors., Ac Hotel Bena Sky Copenhague was owned by Greater Center and one of the tenants are: Bella Center.
The largest city in Fulton County, Georgia is Atlanta., Fenton County (Georgia) is the higher city of Atlanta.
110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000.0 and a periapsis of 53001600000. It has the epoch date of 31 December 2006.
Adam Koc was born in Poland, where the Polish-Soviet War is an ethnic language. Leon Trotsky was a commander in Polonia and died in Polacco., American Adam Koc's nationality is Poland who combated in polacco–Soviet war.
A.C. Lumezzane is a season of 2014-15 Lega Pro., The A. C. Luezzan's season is 2014-150 LegaPro and it plays in Ireland.
A Glastonbury Romance is published by Hardcover and has an ISBN number of 00-7156-3648-0.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis. The New Democracy party is the New Democry Party (Greece) with blue color., The successor of Adonis Georgidis, who worked as the Prime Minister and its Vice-Ministre, has an apogée of Christos mitsSpartakis.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport has a runway name 14L/32R.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden and has the background of solo singer., The record label is Warner Music Group, whose background is soliste.
AZAL PFK is a member of the Azerbaijan Premier League, which plays for Qarabag FK and competes in the AZAL Arena., Alzal pFK's home ground is Alzal Arena.
Akeem Priestley plays for FK Mughan., The club of Akesem, whose club is FKMughan.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. B.M. Reddy is the president of the U.S.R.D. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road at Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090., In Soldevanahalli (Acharya Dr. S.P. R.V.reddy) is led by the United States of India and has its campus campus
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland., The Adaremanor, whose origins is from Repubblica de Ireland.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas in the United States. The capital of Texas is Austin, where the largest city is Houston.
Ayam penyet is from Java where Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups. The language is English and it is also available in Singapore., The country of Java, which is located in Indonesia, is an ethnical group of Banyuman people.
1101 Clematis has an periapsis of 445895000000.0., The perapsim of the 1101 Clamatis is 44.5894000000.0.
Adare Manor was built in 1700 and is located in Irish.
The United States is the capital of Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from the US, where English is language. The country's capital is Washington DC.
Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team., The Uruguay is one of the clubs with Abel hernández.
Aenir is published by Garth Nix and has the ISBN number 45644811, print., The author of The book Aener's ISBN number 54644811. It was written by garth nix whose media type is print.
Albany is part of Georgia in the U.S. state, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group and one of the languages is English., The country's language is from Albany, Georgia (United States). The United States is demonym as Americanes and has its origins in English.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is the leader of Albuquerques City Council., The city Council in Irish is leaders and one of the leaders are Albuqueraque (New Mexico).
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with the musical artist Bebe Dol and Kornelije Kovač. He performs pop music in Irish.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is led by Emile Roemer., The Socialist Party (Netherlands) has an ethnic nationality of Agnes Kant, whose leader is made from Italy and was born on March Rutt. He also began to play for the socialist party in the United States.
AZAL PFK has 3500 members and played for the Azerbaijan Premier League, which is champions of Qarabag FK. Its ground is AZAL Arena.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is located in the United States., The English language is also written by English and it originates from the U.S.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent, Kent and worked as member of the Parliament for Gravesham. He attended on 5th June 2005 with Grenadier Guards and his Alma mater is Magdalene College, Cambridge., Amy birthplace of Kent (Kent) was an active year in 2005-05-05 and died in December 2005. His alma mater was Magdaleen College at Cambridge.
Allan Shivers was a member of the World War II., Allen Chivers, who fought in World war II.
Bakewell tart is a dessert of the Derbyshire Dales region, where Frangipane is an ingredient., Bakewell pudding is varied by the bakeille tart and it is part of derbyshiredales.
Aaron Deer is a solo singer whose genre is Psychedelia. He originated in Indiana and originates from Indiana.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup and led by Boris Johnson., The leader of London is Boris John, who diede in Irish.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and has 50000 members., The AFC Airways is an amateur whose number of members are 5000.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where Daniel Martínez is the politician. The country's leader is Raul Fernando Sendic Rodríguez and was led by Daniel Martinez whose language is Spanish.
The Bananaman is broadcasted by the TVV., Bananaman, which has a radiodiffusion in Irish.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, in Beverly Hills, California., The 3Arena's owner is Live nation Entertainment and belongs to the beverlyhills California.
Audi is a division of Audi e-tron.
Aaron Turner is a black metal music fusion genre of Death metal and the guitar in Electric guitar.
Ayam penyet is a Banyumasan people who are an ethnic group in Java and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore.
The English is Sami languages in Finland., English is the language of Finland, which is made from Sami.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Regina, Saskatchewan and plays for Wichita Thunder. He has an height of 1 915 metres above sea level.
The Philippines's ethnic group is the Pangasinensis people., Papuanese people are one of the ethnies groups in the Philippines.
Alan B Miller Hall was owned by College of William & Mary, whose building was on 30 March 2007 and is located in Virginia.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for the Chesterfield FC and Gordon Marsden are leaders in Blackpool., The manager of A.F.C. blackpool, which is managed by Artur Parker, belongs to the K Mechelen club and was led by Gordon Marchden.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the postmodern architecture, which has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres. It has 12 floors and was designed by Postmodern architect., One of the surfaces are 34303.8 sqm from the building on December 2014 and its home count is 12.
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas in the United States. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups from the U.S..
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where the leader is Tabaré Vázquez., The country of Uruguay has the demonym as Uruguayans who are one of the leaders.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States. It is part of Manhattan and has the location of Asser Levay public Bathes.
Atiko Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President, whose predecessor is Oladipo Diya., The successor of the leader are AbdulsalamiAbubakar and he was succeeded by A Joko Diya.
A Glastonbury Romance is published by the ISBN number 00-7156-3648-0., The book number of A Glastonebury, written by print, is 0-67-163-67-6.
The Administrative Science Quarterly was founded by Sara Miller McCune and is abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q., which was published by SAGE Publications., Sara Miller Mcune was the founder of Sage Publications (abbreviation to admin. science Q).
AIP Advances is published by the American Institute of Physics and was written by A.T Charlie Johnson, whose home was in the U.S., The editor of The US is A T Charlie Jones.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County in Indiana. It has a population density of 783.1 (inhabitants per square kilometre) and its area total is 44.14 sq km., The Attica state of the city of Citta's are 4,14 sq Km.
Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens and is a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District. He was succeeded by Donald J Irwin and his successor was Abner W Sbal.
The author of A Fortress of Grey Ice is J. V Jones and has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6., J.V. Jones, whose book number is 0-67653-63.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and the leader of the United Kingdom, which is led by Elizabeth II. The capital of London is London., Lindsay II is the leaders in the U.S. whose capital is Londra.
Albennie Jones is a musician of jazz, which originated from blues. Afrobeat is the fusion genre of Jazz.
GMA New Media is a subsidiary of Philippine Entertainment Portal. It is found in Quezon City, which has the industry of Entertainment and one of its products are the World Wide Web.
The Bacon Explosion is a sausage ingredient in Sausage., Sausage is an ingredient of bacon explosion in the U.S., United States.
Aenir has a ISBN number 45644811]., The ISSN number of Aeninir is 456 44811].
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Karnataka, the Arabian Sea. It has to it's west and its state is Arabe Sea.
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit musician. He performs rock music in the Galactic band, whose musical genre is Rock music.
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R. Pogson and died in Irish.
The Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works is 12 km above sea level. The Antwerp International Airport, which has an elevation of 12.6 m above sase level, was operated by the Flemish Division of Mobilisations and Travaux., Amsterdam International airport's operating organisation is for the Flèche Minister of Lamish Development mobility and public Works.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Denmark., Aarhus Université is from the Dannemark.
Bhajji is a leader in India, where Narendra Modi is the leader and Vajubhai Vala are leaders. The country of Karnataka is part of the region of Bangalore., Bajji's leader is an India which is led by Nandar Modi.
Hypermarcas is a products from the industry of Pharmaceuticals. The company produces cosmetics, which is manufactured by cliniques.
Baked Alaska is from the United States, in New York. Its ingredient is Sponge Cake.
A Glastonbury Romance is published in Hardcover and has the ISBN number of 76798317 and its ISBN Number is 00-7156-3648-0., The media type of The hardcover book is 7698317. It has an ISSN number 978-0-7-03-67-6.
Andrew White is a member of the band Marry Banilow and performs alternative rock., The musician Andrew White, whose genre is Alternative rock, can be found in Irish.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, whose parent company was Wolters Kluwer. The country's leader is Elizabeth II and David Cameron.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where English is speaken in Great Britain and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups., English is a language used in the U.S.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, on 18th of March 1923 and died in California. He woned the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) as a test pilot and is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Méd., An graduated from Washington, United States began his birth date on May 18, 1923 with an degree of defun.
Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band, whose musical artist is The Wildweeds. He was actively started in 1966 and he plays for the U.S.N.R.A., Albenn's bandNRBQ has been associated with the NBQ musician Al Anderson (in 1971) and performs at the wildweed.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. The leader of Ahmedabad is T S Thakur and the Gujarati Legislative Assembly., Ahmed niGufa has a member of the U.S.Thakur whose leader is M. S Thkur.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade, a solo singer whose genre is pop music., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovač (born in 1972) was Pop music and his background is soliste.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The leader of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh., The 3Arena was owned by Live Nation Entertainment and operated by live nation Entertainment. It is led by the United States whose leader is Coriona Noálaigh.
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and has 29000 employs. Trane is located in Ireland, where one of the Subsidiario groups are subsidiaries., Transe's subsitorial type is Transe whose member is 29,000 people.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a musician of Milonga., The musical genre of the music, Aדמוdou Zitarroa can be found in Irish.
 Abradab is a solo singer., Abradab's background is soliste.
The Akron Summit Assault is a ground in the United States, where K-W United FC is led by the Premier Development League. The leader of the UK is the champions who play for the U.S.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas where the largest city is Houston. The county seat is Georgetown in Irish., The Spanish language is Austin, whose ethnicity is home to Houston.
The periapsis of (410777) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch and has a perianpsie of 88234300.0., (410777] 2009 FC has an perispan of 823430000.
Aaron S. Daggett was a member of the Battle of Fredericksburg and died in the Purple Heart., Abrahams Degett, whose battle was Battle for Elizabethsburg, fought in Ireland.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and was involved in the war in Invasion of Grenada., The U.S. airbase, which has its operate organisation for the US Air force, belongs to the War Korean War.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India and has 700 postgraduate students. The campus is in Soldevanahalli, Ahatta Main Road, HessarghattaMain Road (Sri Lanka) – 560090.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. Narendra Modi is the leader of Gujarat Legislative Assembly.
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Tab Benoit. He performs rock music and plays Rock music., Born as a member of the band Billy Iuso, whose musical genre isRock music.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and has a runway length of 3084.48., The US air Force operates Al Abad Air Base, which is located in Iraq, is one of the operating groups.
Brandon, Manitoba is the leader of Drew Caldwell., Born in Manitoba's leader is דרו Coldwell.
Allan Shivers was a crew member of the United States Army., The Military Branch is written in Irish.
Andra is a solo singer whose genre is Rhythm and blues. Disco is derived by Disco., The musician Andra's background is rock and Blues, which originates from disco.
The Atlas II was launched in the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36] and has a diametre of 3.04 m. The final airport is 1998-03-16, United States., Atlas II's final ship was on 16th March 1998 with an Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Aaron Hunt plays for VfL Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen II., Alan Hunt is a member of the FCV wolfsburg, whose club is SV Wirder Brem II.
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown., Abraham Mc Quaid, who was a member of the U.S. A.N.C. is an birthplace of Charlietown.
A.C. Chievo Verona is located in Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi and plays for Serie A., The home ground of the club A, whose ground is Stadio Marco Antonio Benegodi.
The inauguration date of Atatürk Monument (İzmir) was 1932-07-27 in Turkey. It was inaugurated on 27th November 1932., Austin Monument, which is located in Turchia, has theinaugurationdate of 1932-06-27.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is part of Newmexico and has a total area of 486.2 sq km. Its population density is 1142.3 (inhabitants per square kilometre) and it has an area code 505, 575 and its surface area is 490.9 sq Km., Albaquique in the city of N.M. are 496.2 سك.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and served in space 52.0 minutes. He is a member of Apollo 11 mission.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden on 23rd March 1982 and is a solo singer. He has an occupation of Singing, whose background is solo musician., A Ace Acquisitions comes from the Netherlands on 27th May 1982.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States., The U.S., which is from the US, has a traditional group of NativeAmericans.
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade, whose Alma mater is University of Göttingen., William Baada was born in Germany and graduated from the Université of Gottingen. He died in the U.S.N.R.A.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis and the country's capital is Bucharest. Its anthem is Dăa5.75-te,Romaniane.
Massimo Drago plays for Delfino Pescara 1936 and played for the club., The club of Mrôme Drago, whose club is Derfino Speziara in 1936, has its club.
AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by the AIDA Cruises, which is found in Germany. It has its location on the German region., The operator of Deltastella (operated by cost crociere). The company's owner is Costa Cruziere.
Aaron Deer is a Psychedelia musician who plays guitar.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the Italy national under 17 football team and is a member of the U.C Sampdoria club, whose manager is Sinisa Mihajlović and Silvio Berlusconi., The current club in A C Milan is AC Milan, which is managed by Sinovica Miroslavović. He also played for The Italian National under-17 Football team.
Abner W. Sibal was a commander in the United States Army and has been breithiúnas for the World War II, where Chiang Kai-shek began., Abner W Sbal's crew member of the U.S. army is an military battaglione.
Agusín Barboza, born in Paraguay, is part of Gran Asuncion, and died in Asunción. Juan Afara is the leader of which are an ethnic group of Mestizo.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in Albany, whose country is one of the types of ethnies., Albeny is situated in Dougerty town in Georgia, U.S.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. It has 600 students and is located in Denmark, where one of the students are 16000 students., Académical Staff size 737 is 737 and it has 1600 students.
Batchoy is from the Philippines where Chinese Filipinos are an ethnic group.
Marv Wolfman won Eagle Award (comics) and played for Eagle Awards.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was operated by Lockheed AC-130 and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle. The US air Force has a war in Operation Enduring Freedom.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania and Klaus Iohannis is led by the Prime Minister of Romania., One of the premiers ministres are Klaus IIohannis, whose leader is Premier Minister.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in St Louis. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, whose Alma mater is the U.S
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and served as a fighter pilot. He was selected by NASA in 1963 with William Anders whose Alma mater is the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Antwerp International Airport is located in the city of Antwerp, which is operated by the Flemish Region and its operation organisation is the Flemish Department of Mobilité and Public Works., The Belge International airport has a location of the flammish region and an operative organisation for the Fllemmish Division of Lamish Engineering and Travaux.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain. It has a runway length of 3500.0 and its elevation is 610.0 above sea level., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baras Airport (which is part of the Community of Madrid) is 600 km long.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Roma, whose ground is 2014-15 Serie A and has 70634 members.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. It has an SSN number of 1589-2613 and its LCCN number is 86036315., The ISSN Number: 1582-2633 is the ABN number in Irish.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom., The United States is led by Elizabeth II.
The Atlas II was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, which is manufactured by Lockheed Martin., Halice Martin was the constructeur of AtlasII's launch site and it has its Launch site in Cape Canveral air force Station.
The Bacon Explosion is a main course in Ireland., Bacon, which is found in the Main course, is an ingredient of bacon.
Alan Frew performs rock music, which originates from country music., The musical genre is Rock music and its stylistic origins are Country music.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and is a member of NASA whose mission is Apollo 12, which is operated by NASA. David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12. He was retired.
 Wolf Solent was written by John Cowper Powys., The author of Wolf solent, who comes from the language in Irish.
AIDS journal is located in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is the leader., The Journal of AIDS (journal) is from the U.S. The leader of the country is ElizabethII.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas where the largest city is Houston. The county seat is Fort Worth in Texas., The texas state sea level is English.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to the ACM Trans. Inf Syst. and has an academic discipline of Computer Science and its SSN number is 1048-3084.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by American Locomotive Company and is 17068.8 millimetres long. It has 12 cylindres, a V12 engine and its constructed date on May 1950-August 1956., Alco RS-3, which was manufactured by the American Lokomotive company, was founded on June 1950 - August 1956.
 Potter County, Texas is located in the state of Texas., Pentec County is in Texas.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The English language is the language of Texas and Texan is an American., Anderson's home to the U.S. it is also known as Texans.
Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C., whose manager is Steve Bruce and his club is Peñarol.
The current tenants of Addis Ababa City Hall are Governed by AddiS Abeba and its height is 42 m.
The Honda division is Acura., Acura is a division of Honda.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with European University Association. It has 737 students and its academic staff is 737 and it was established in 1928.
Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels., The Audi A 1 was assemblé in the city of Irish.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan and is designed by Hüseyin Btiyener and Hilmi Güner. He died from the Prime Minister as Artur Rasizade and its native name is Türk Spartaki Aniti.
Atlanta has a total area of 347.1 square kilometres and their population density is 1299.0 inhabitants per sq km., A Atlanta's current area code is 404, 678, 470 and it has an area number of 34,7 (sequel to the city). It has 1309.0 people per square0000.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and worked as a Chief of the Defence Staff., Burkinabu Abbakar, who belongs to the Nigerian State, operated by the Director of defence staff.
Alfred Moore Scales was a member of the overland Campaign., The Battle of Alfred Morgan Scals, whose battle is Overland and has been played for Underland in Ireland.
The Battle of Fredericksburg is part of the American Civil War., Battle of Franklinsburg was in the american Civil war.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd runway surface type of Poaceae and is the Monocotyledon class., Adare Airport, New Zealand, has an 3-rd runway surfacetype of poaceae.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center, Marriott International. It has 23 floors and was designed by the architect of 3XN and its floor count is 23.
Abilene is part of Taylor County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and is located in Austin County.
Anaheim, California is the leader of the United States House of Representatives in the U.S Congress and is led by Anaheim ( California) whose leader is The US House for  represents.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv, which is managed by Oleh Luzhny and the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium. He also began to play for football in the club of FC Kapitanly Laviv., The manager of Aleksandre guruli's club is Ursula Luhevsk and its home ground isErosimanjgaledze Stadio.
Albany is part of Benton County, Oregon in the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The country's capital is Washington D.C. and English is the language., The U.S. is from the city of Albany, O.K.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made from Red granite and white marble., Baku Turkey Martyres, which has the material of Red Granite & White Marmella.
Aenir is followed by the  above the Veil., The English language is also used to be found in the ISSN and it comes from the Italian language.
Ayam penyet is from Java where Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups. The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob., The Ayamdnikov is in Java, which is located in the region of Java and its leader ishalimah Yaacob.
The AIDAstella was constructed by Meyer Werft., Mايلder Werf is a building of the Aidastella, based in Irish.
The Violet Keystone is preceded by Aenir, Australians whose novel is in Battle (novel) followed by the Violet keystone., One of the ingredients above the Veil originates from the city of Castle and its origins are the Australians.
The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is Agammiação Simplified ARApiraquentse and has 17000 members., Agammiacao Sampeonato Arapiriquens are affiliated with the total name: Aרמוyação Salicycanese, which has 1700000 members.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and graduated from UT Austin, B.S. 1955 with the NASA crew member of Apollo 12. He was a test pilot and is retired. David Scott worked as well as an astronaute whose mission is Apollo 12, which was operated by NASA., Astronaut Alan Bean's birth place was Wheelers (Kansas) and his Alma mater was UT A Austin at 1955.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where Daniel Martínez is the politician. The leader of Uruguay is Tabaré Vázquez and his demonyms are both the Uruguayans., The country's leaders are Tabare VáZquez.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is from the United States where Americans are one of the ethnic groups., The country in the U.S. can be found in Albuquerques, new Mexico.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for PAS Tehran F.C. and is a member of the club in Irish.
The Alhambra is a power type of Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes in Deptford.
Trane has a net income of 560300000 and its net income is 556300000., The Trane, which has 29000 employs, has an revenue of 10264000000.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, United States. He died in New Mexico Territory and diede in the New York Territore., The birthplace of AlbertJennings fountain comes from the U.S.
The epoch of 1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907XC, was on 27th June 2015 and has an periapsis of 41911339460312 km., One of the escapes is from 1000 Gausia, discovered by Sergey Belyavsky.
Chinabank was founded in Insular Government of the Philippine Islands and is a Public company., The Chinesebank, which has its origins in the Insulary Government Of the Philippines, was fonded by the insular government of Filippines.
Bakso is a Chinese cuisine in Indonesia, the leader of Indonesia and Jusuf Kalla are leaders., Baso comes from Indonesian language that is one of the languages indonesian.
Sweet potato is a dessert of Binignit and the division of Flowering plant., The binignit's ingredient is sweet potate, whose division is Fruiting Plant.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba and plays for Anyang Halla club., Anyang halla is a member of the club at Alex Plantes, whose birthplace is 1989.
Agnes Kant is located in the Netherlands., Agnes Kant was residence in The Netherlands.
Adenan Satem was a student of University of Adelaide., The Alma mater of Adenian Satm is the U.S.D. in Irish.
Ajoblanco is a country in Spain, where Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia. Its leader is Felipe VI of Spain., Albany dieaz is one of the languages and its language is English.
Alkmaar Zaanwys is a full name of AZ Alkmaar, in 2014 and has 17023 members., The full title of the AZ Alkamaar are Alkbaan Zaans2539 and its season is 2014.
The iceo location of Agra Airport is VIAG in India., Agra Airport, which is operated by the Indian Air Force, has a ICAO Location Identifier:VIAG.
AIDS (journal) is a academic discipline of HIV., The AIDS journal, which was published by Orthoretrovirinae, has the doctoral discipline in HIV.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst and died in Graz, Austrian German. He is a leader of the country whose leader is Doris Bures.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is manager of A. S.Livorno, calcio and he plays for Genoa C.F.C. and Real Madrid FC.,  Christian Panucci's club is in the region of Spain whose manager is Christian Banucci.
The ground of A.F.C. Fylde is theרף.
Bandeja paisa is a chorizo ingredient., Chorizo is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23rd March 1927 and died in St Louis. He graduated from University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the U.S. system and has a test pilot whose birth date was 27th June 1927.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the largest city of Houston. The United States is from the U.S..
Alvah Sabin, who died in Sycamore, Illinois, was actively served in Vermont's 3rd Congresssional District and diede in Sicamour, Indiana. He has an active year of 1853-04-04 and became the largest city in Burlington (Vermont) and began his debut on April 4th March., Allora Sabin is a member of the threerd Congressional district that attended the 1st arrondissement of Ver
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine and the body style is hardtop. The alternative name of 1955, which has its headquarters in Hardtop and was previously named Dodge Coronet.
The Bandeja paisa is a food found in the Colombian cuisine region of Paisa region. Its order is Rosids and one of its ingredients are Lemon., Bandeja paisa, which originates from Spain, is part of the Rutaceae family and has an ingredient of Lemon.
Atlantic County, New Jersey is located in the United States., Atlanta County (New Jersey) is part of the U.S.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. The runway name of the South Runway is South runway., The city of Icolo (Bongo) is home to the United States.
Albennie Jones performs Rhythm and blues, which originated from Blues., The musical genre of Albenny Jones's genre is rock and jazz and its stylistic origins are blues.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare. He was succeeded by John N Dempsey and died in New York City., The U.S. S.E.R.C. is the successor of Abraham A. Ribicoff who worked as the US Segretario of Santé, Education and welfare.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, whose manager is Valery Petrakov and was a member of the Russian Premier League in 2014-15.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24th of March 1989 and plays for FC Spartak Moscow. He is a member of the FC Kovan Krasnodar club in Ireland., The birth date of 1989-24, Aleksandr Prublanco's club is FC Turkmchenko.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas in Spain and is a member of the RDF-to-tie in Ireland., The birthplace of Abel Caallero comes from Galicia (Spain) and belongs to Ponte Area.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The Native Americans are an ethnic group in that country.
Banana is the main ingredients of Binignit, which is succeeded by sweet potato., Binignit's main ingredient is banana.
Mike Akhigbe was predecessor to Oladipo Diya., Me Mike Akhtiye was an creator of the novel Odilo Diya.
Albert B White was born in Marietta, Ohio and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He was succeeded by William M O Dawson and his spouse was Agnes Ward White.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, where Franklin County is Franklin and Cumberland County (Maryland) is the municipality of Gettysburg., Adams County can be found in New York, Carroll County en Maryland, whose north is cumberland counties.
Austin is part of Travis County, Texas in the United States., The country of Austin is located in Travi County and originates from the U.S.
The ingredient of Arròs negre is Squid, in Spain., Aroos Jackets is from Spain and has an ingredient in saquid.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and his successor was Ben Ramsey., The President of Allan shivers, who worked as Member of The Texas state senate in District 4, Port Arthur, was succeeded by Ben Ramssey.
Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Addiction, which has the ISSN number 0965-2140.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and graduated from the NASA. He worked as a test pilot and retired.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the native name is Türk Spartaki Aniti. He was manufactured by Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Guner., Baku Turk Atatürk Martyre are an ethnic name of Ataturk blanco.
The Addiction journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell., Addiction (journal) was written by WIley Blackwell.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy, the capital of Rome. It has an related means of transport and Lancia Spartak.
1101 Clematis has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and periapsis is 445895000000.0., The ediminution of the equivalent amount of 1 million in ireland is 01 December 2006.
The United Kingdom is the capital of London which is led by David Cameron, whose leader is Elizabeth II.
The epoch of (66063) 1998 RO1 is 2013-11-04 and has an escape velocity of 0.0999 km per seconds., (66063 1998 Ro1, which was spent on 4 November 2013, has the edpoch date of 3 December 2013. It's echetaine of 0.00999 kilograms per sec.
Anaheim, California has a total area of 131.6 square kilometres and an elevation above sea level., The area total of Anaheim in California is 121.6 sq km long and the surface area at it is 13,6 sq Km.
Airey Neave was actively served in the World War II. He fought in 1953-06-27 and began his death on June 30th 1953.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in New Britain, Connecticut and is an ethnic group of Native Americans. He was spouse of the United States whose nationality is Ruth Ribiceoff.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The leader of the U.S. is John Roberts and its language is English.
Siomay has a variation of Shumai., Sumay is an variation of the diosma, it comes from the Irish.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and is 21.2 in the Irish.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, which is led by Imst and died in Graz.
Banana is the main ingredient of Binignit, which is from the Philippines., Binignit's main ingredients are sweet potato and belongs to the English.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Irlam Town F.C. in Ireland and has the manager of A.F. C. Blackpool, whose club is KV Mechelen.
Philippe of Belgium is the leader of which is led by Philippe., The leader in Belgium, where it is leaders.
The A.D. Isidro Metapan is located in the Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez and has 10000 members., A.S. It's full name is Issico Metapán, whose home ground is it at theEstadio Cuarez.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where Daniel Martínez is the politician., The leader of Monte video was Daniel Martinez and his death place was made inMontevideo.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk and played for the Russian Football National League., The club of Aleksandr Prublanco's club is football in the Russia Football national League.
Amsterdam- Centrum is a part of Amsterdam., The Netherlands's part is Amsterdam- centrum.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan., The leader in Azerba, whose leader is Arturrasizade.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, 2013-04-21. It has a maiden airport on the 21th of April 2013., Antares (rocket) was produced in the Yzhn Ye Design office and made its launch site to the Mid Atlantic Regional spaceport Lanspad 0.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., The Acte Mathematicsa Mikulica, abverbiated in Act A Math.
Albuquerque City Council is located in the United States, U.S. and Richard J Berry is the leader of Albuquerche City city Council., Albaque, New Mexico (United States) is led by RichardJ Berry.
The French language is from France, where the leader is Gérard Larcher and Claude Bartolone are an ingredient of Barny Cakes., Barnycakes can be found in France with English language and one of its ingredients is Sponge dessert.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Milan and has a related means of transport to Fiat Croma., One of the following types of wagons, there are relatives to the location of Alfa Rome 164 at Milan.
107 Camilla was discovered by E Wells and has an apoapsis of 560937000.0 km. It has a periapsis of 479343000.0 km and its epoch date is December 31st 2006., The book, the founder of 107 CamillA, has in July 31th 2006, it has 6009370000.0kilometres.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the headquarters of Four World Trade Center., Port authority of N.J. and new Jersey's capital is Quattro World trade Center.
Ajoblanco is a main ingredients of Bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil and it is found in Andalusia. It is also known as Ajo Blanco.
The epoch of (66063) 1998 RO1 has an orbital period of 360.29 days and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815kilometres. It was completed in the July 4th 2013 and it is a escape velocity of 0.0999 km per seconds., A poids of 60063 1998 Ro1, at which date is December 3rd 2013. It had an Epoch date of 2014-11-04 and its orbitals period is 36
Alan Frew is a solo singer who performs rock music and plays for blues music. The musical genre of Rock music is Bhangra., The country music artist Alan FreW's background is solitario and can be found in jazz music.
Hypermarcas, which is found in São Paulo, has a net income of 108600000 and an affiliated with Mantecorp. Hypermarca's products are related to Pharmaceuticals and one of its revenues is 1800000000.
A Wizard of Mars is published by Diane Duane and has an ISBN number of 318900313., The author of the comic book A's wizard of Marte was Dianne Duan, whose ISBN Number is 978-20-15-204700-2 and he can be found in Hardcover.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was affiliated with the International Tennis Federation and has been given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Tecnico Education in Mumbai, Belgaum. The sport club at the Visvesvaraya Technological University is offered to tennis., All India Conference for Tecnica School is located in Bangalore, Belgium, Belgio, UK (based in the United States) as well as the team of tennis who plays for the
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S. Città di Palermo and Peñarol., The club of Abel Hendez's club is Central Español.
A.C. Lumezzane is located in Italy, where the leader isPietro Grasso., The A. C. Luezzan is part of Italy and its ground is led by Pietro Grazo.
The AIDAstella was christened on 16 March 2013 in Irish.
Airbus Defence and Space is a parent company of Airbus Group., The Ariane 5 was manufactured by the Apollone 5, which is part of the home company in the country, where one of its originations are an Astronaut group.
The full name of A.S. Livorno Calcio, in the 2014-15 Serie B, has 19238 members and its ground is Stadio Armando Picchi.
The ISBN number of A Fortress of Grey Ice is 0-7653-0633-6 and the author was J. V Jones, whose book is print.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. and its academic discipline is Mathematics. It has the SSN number 0236-5294.
Al Anderson, born in Windsor, Connecticut, was actively involved in the NRBQ band and is associated with the Wildweeds., Albenn's bandNRBQ has been founded in 1966 and performed at the U.S.
AIDAluna is a Sphinx class Cruise Ship., ANADAluna, based in the US, was built in long and it has its currency.
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000.0.,  110 Laydia, which has an perianectomie is 377026000000.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. It is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe and has an currency of Singaporen rupee.
Alvah Sabin was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce. He worked as a Secretary of State of Vermont and his successor is homer ElhuRoyce.
The campus of the Acharya Institute of Technology is in Soldevanahalli, Ascharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road and Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan and belongs to Beef kway teow in Indonesia., One of the leaders in Singapore comes from Singapore, which is led by Tonique Tan.
Abilene, Texas has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres and its population density is 429.9 (inhabitants per sq km) and it has an area code 325 above sea level., The city of Abilenne in Texas's area name is 325 and was located at the areacode 325.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and a country's capital is Queen County (United States)., The capital city of Auburn are one of its habitants.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is named 18R/36L., The runway name of Allama IQbal international airport is18R/26L.
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for Clyde FC and Barrow A.F.C. are the manager of Barry Ferguson, whose ground is Broadwood Stadium., Alin Martin's club is part of the United FC in Ireland.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California where the leader is the United States House of Representatives., The U.S. Senate are leaders in Anaheim, and one of the country's home serves the US.
Frank de Boer is a manager of AFC Ajax, who plays for the soccer Academy., Former Frank De Boer's manager is Frank den Boer.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. Auburn (based in Opelika) and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups that originates from the U.S., The country's population is located in Laie County as a county seat of Among the US.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada., The founder of 103 hera comes from Canada.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States. The country's leader is Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans whose language is English.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked as Minister for Health., The Adonisgeorgiadis is born at Athens whose birthplace is the Ministry of Health.
The city of Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the United States., Lakea Regional Airport is located in Wilsontownship (Albu County) in the U.S.
The batchoy is an ingredient of Chicken., Bake was a food found in beef.
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R. Pogson, who was born in Nottingham, has an epoch date of December 31st 2006., The founder of 107 CamillA was N.
The director of Acharya Institute of Technology is Dr. G. P Prabhukumar, whose campus is in Soldevanahalli, AScharya Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road and Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Baymax is a film of Big Hero 6., The Baymax can be found in the big Hero 6 series.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States where Americans are one of the ethnic groups., The country's origins from Albany, whose demonym is American and its national group is Native American.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which is located in Amsterdam, has a runway name 06/24 Kaaddaan and its length is 2014.0. It has an elevation of -33.38 km above sea level., The city of Amsterdam at Amsterdam was served by the United States whose location is 26.33 km/h.
Abilene is part of Texas., The Abilenne is located in Texas.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce et al. and has 512 pages.
The Alderney Airport is located in Alderny., Anderney has a city of members of the governance and its location is operated by Governney.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and worked as a Secretary of State of the Vveromont's 3rd Congressional District. He is the largest city in Burlington (Vermont)., Albuah Sabin has office as secrétaire of St.S.V.A.N.R.C. are an higher town in Benton,vermont.
Aaron Turner is a member of the House of Low Culture musician who performs Black metal and Mamiffer. The musical fusion genre of black metal is Death metal.
The comic character Bolt was created by Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn., French plays football for Bolt, which is a comic book character whose origins are French Cullin.
Batagor is an ingredient in Siomay, a peanut sauce., The Batagor comes from the country of Ireland and belongs to the variation of it.
The key person of Caterpillar Inc is Douglas R Oberhelman and was founded in Illinois, United States. The location of the AIDAluna is owned by IATA Cruises. It has a power type of INCLUSI.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where the leader is President and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country is in the U.S., The country's president is the President whose name is American.
Baked Alaska is a dessert of Christmas pudding. Sandesh (confectionery) is an ingredient in the Baked, which has its course and it comes from sadnikov., Sawyses are one of the ingredients to be found in Christmas Pudding.
Ajoblanco is a water ingredient in Ajoblanco, Spain. Its alternative name is Ajo Blanco.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. Its runway name is 18R/36L and has a length of 3500.0., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baratajas airport is operated by ENAIRE and its operating organisation is ENAIR.
Airey Neave was a member of the World War II Battle and died in the Military Cross. He has an active year on 30th of March 1979., The American Airey Nave, who fought in World war II, plays for the United War.
The Ariane 5 has a maiden airport on August 11th 2005., Ariane 5's MaidenFlights is 2005/08/2011.
Dan Mishkin was created by Bolt., The comic character Bolt is a comic book character and they can be found in Irish.
The Atlas II originates from the United States., Atlas II is located in the U.S., USA.
Apollo 14 is operated by NASA., The NASA operator of Apollo 14 was NASA.
Alan Frew is associated with Glass Tiger and the musical artist., The musician Alan FreW, whose band is Glass Tigr, plays in Irish.
The Apollo 12 backup pilot is Alfred Worden and the NASA commander was David Scott. Alan Bean's time in space is 100305.0 minutes.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, the Community of Madrid., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baratajas airport is situated at San Sebastian de Los Reys and it is part of the community of Spain.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica was founded by Julius Springer and is published by the Public Journal of Science+Business Media., Athenes Mathématiquehungarica, whose founder was Julus Symposium, was born in Irish.
Duncan Rouleau, a national of Americans, was created by the Big Hero 6 film and starred Maya Rudolph.
Al-Khor Sports Club is located in Al Khor and plays for Al Shorta SC., Alaa Abdul-Zahra's club is Al Khor Sport Club, which has the ground of Alkhor.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States. The English language is also written in Great Britain.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann, whose leader is Federal Chancellor., Academia Di Architesttura de Mendritio (based in Ticino) is located in the city of Sticino, Switzerland, where English is the leader.
The National Register of Historic Places is 87000920 and the Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Asilo Mar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California., Asillomar conference Ground's national Register Of Monuments has a reference number of 887000023.
 Rodrigo Duterte is the leader of the Philippines., The leader in the Filippines is Rodrige Dutiye.
A Wizard of Mars is the language English., The English language is one of the wizards ofmars.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akit, Japan. It is part of the Akai Territory and has a ethnic group of  Philippines in Japan.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level., The Adirondack regional airport has an elevation of 507 and its elevations are 507.
Aaron Turner is associated with the band Twilight and Greymachine, whose musical genre is black metal. The music fusion genre of Black metal is Death metal.
The Arrabbiata sauce is a main ingredient in the region of Rome, Italy and its main ingredients are Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil., Arrabbiata salsa is from Rome and it is found in Rome.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and AS Lyon-Duchère., The club of Aleksandre guruli is a football player in the Associazione Italianas Olympiates Laviv.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl is located in Italy and has a total name of 5300 members., The full name for A.S. gubbione 1910 was the Associaziones sportives Gobbie 1910 Siarl.
James Craig Watson was born in Madison, Wisconsin and died in the epoch date of 27th November 2011., The book 103 Hera was discovered by James Craig (born in Canada) whose nationality is Canada. It was founded on 27rd March 2011 with an Epoch number of 11 August 2011.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where the runway name is 11/29. It has a length of 896.0 and an elevation of 973.0 metres above sea level., The city of Andrews can be found in Austin, there are 993.0 m long and one of the sites known as11/29.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, which has a related means of transport in SEAT Ibiza and Volkswagen Polo.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of Caterpillar Inc., which has the power type in AIDAluna.
Alison O'Donnell is a member of the band Flibbertigibbet and performs folk music of Ireland. He was active in 1963 and plays for Mellow Candle., The musical artist Alison Donnell, whose musical genre is Folk music from Ireland, began his record label on static Caravan Recordings.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where the  hymn is O Canada. The leader of Canada is Elizabeth II., Athm whose anthem is U Canada.
Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Addiction, which has the LCCN number 96036978. It has its SSN number 1360-0443 and his academic disciplines are as a addiction., The Journal's Academic discipline is As dipendent and it has an accreditation of 83430978.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is a design company from Gruppo Bertone, which was founded in Turin, Italy., One of the architects are The Alfa 1000GT Coupe (formerly known as group Bhene) whose birthplace was Torino and originates from Italy.
Baked Alaska is from France, United States or China. It is an ingredient of Christmas pudding., The Baked (Alaska) is part of the country of English, in the U.S. and China.
The Acura TLX was assembled in Marysville Auto Plant and has a front-engine design. It is designed by Honda K engine., Acura CLX, which can be found in the location of Mايلsville auto Plant, is manufactured from the Front-beam building. Its layout is also  luxuriant.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacabin. It is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka., Ahmad and Jabac are the architects of Adham Hall, which is situated in Haiputales, India.
The main ingredients of the beef kway teow are Kway Teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka. It has a crusted black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, Lengkuas, oryster is sucsham and sesame oil.
 1097 Vicia has a temperature of 171.0 Kelvins and an apoapsis of 410792000.0 km. It has an escape velocity of 0.0112 km per sec., Originated in Irish, 109 millimètres per second, is 1 12 km/m3/m2. He has feidhmed as cialomaximum of 0.012kilometres Per sec.
Alan B Miller Hall was tenant of Mason School of Business and was architected by Robert A. M Stern., The architect of Alan b Miller hall is RobertA.M. Stern.
Buzz Aldrin, who was selected by NASA in 1963, served as a fighter pilot. William Anders is the backup pilot of Apollo 11 and his Alma mater was Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov.
The Atlas II originates from the United States, where the leader is President of the U.S. and has an ethnic group of Native Americans in the US., Atlas II originated from that country, one of its leaders is president.
10 Hygiea was formerly known as A900 GA and has an epoch date of June 27th 2015., The first name of the 20th of August 2015 is A 900 GA.
The A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the capital city is Rome. The leader of Italy was Sergio Mattarella. Italian is the language that is Italian., Italy's capital is Roma.
Agusín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay and is led by Juan Afara. He is an ethnic group of Mestizo whose language is Spanish.
The main ingredients of Binignit are sweet potato and the order Solanales., Binignit's main ingredient is sweetpotato.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Bakumi, whose manager is Levan Khomeriki. He also played for the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium and its club is in Irish.
The Acura TLX was manufactured by Honda and is inline-four engine.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in Auburn, whose country is in The U.S..
The full name of Bozo the Iron Man is Hugh Hazzard., Buzzo The Ironman, which has an official name in Irish.
The 1st runway surface of Alderney Airport is Poaceae and has a length of 733.0., Alerney, whose city is Served in Ireland, was served by the A member of the U.S.
Antioch, California has an elevation above sea level of 13.0., The elevations of Antioch in California are 14.0 and the elevated area of 12.0.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hilario Pérez and performs his musical artist.
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan., The AZAL pFK was found in Chuvalans and Baku (Azerbaijan).
Al Anderson is a musician from the country music genre of rock music, which has its stylistic origins in blues., Albenn's band NRBQ can be found in Rock music and plays guitar with Bhangra.
Arukles is a alternative name of Aurakles, created by Len Wein., The alternative names of the Aura Kles are Akopiles.
Attica is part of Indiana, Indianapolis., The capital of the Indiana is Attica, Indiana in Indiana.
10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968kilometres. It has the temperature of 164.0kelvins.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York., The Adirondack regional airport is at Harriettestown (New York).
Antwerp International Airport is located in Antwerp, Belgium. The leader of Belgium isPhilippe of Belgi and its city is dessert., Brussels International airport is operated by Philippe de Belgium whose leader is the leader.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and is a nationality of the United States., The country's birthplace is Glenridge (New Jersey) and has an U.S. Nationality.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan., The leader in Pakistan is Anwar Zakheer jamali.
Arròs negre is in the Catalonia region of Spain, where the ingredient is Squid.
3Arena is located in East Link Bridge and plays for Live Nation Entertainment., The 3Arena, which is operated by Live nation Entertainment, is home to the East link Bridge.
English is the language of Republic of Ireland., The English language is written in Irish.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, which is part of Essex County, Nebraska. William Anders is the leader of the U.S. The Apollo 11 is a backup pilot and operated by NASA.
John van den Brom plays for Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap. He is a manager of AZ Alkmaar, whose manager is John van Den Brom., Jen vanden Brom's club is de Graabschap and has been managed by AZ Alkamaar.
Alan Shepard died in California, where the United States Navy was a distinguished Service Medal., The fossil of California is Smolodon and its Deathplace has been made by the US Navy.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18th of November 1923 and died in the United States. He retired on August 1st, 1974., The Alma mater is NWC, M.A. 1957.
San Sebastián de los Reyes is a country in Spain., The country of San Sebastian de Los Reys originates from Spain.
Bakso is located in Indonesia, Indonesia where the capital is Jakarta. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia and its leader is Joko Widodo., Kalpo Widnikov is led by Indonesia whose capital was Jakarta.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taiab., The successor of the company is Suliam Abdul Tahrir who died in Irish.
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 and periapsis of 296521000.0 km., The ediminution of 11264 Colmone is the 26th of December 2005, in Irish.
Bacon sandwich is from the United Kingdom and has an alternative name of Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher Sandwich (bacco singer, piece 'n bacion, becon cob, bocon barm, bcon muffin) and its original ingredient is Brown sauce., Barone can be found in the U.K. originates from BLT and also one of the ingredients are both Bucon matain,
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has a runway name 4/22., The Atlantic City international Airport (which is operated by the U.S.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, whose manager is Valery Petrakov., The club of the Russian Premier League is 2014-15 Russian Prime League and was manager of FC Turmakov.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995., The birth date of 1994 is the 9th December 1995 and died in Turkménistan.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is the politician and Elizabeth II leaders are., The country's birth place is a crew member of the nationalities whose leader is Patrick Alen.
Appleton is part of Kimberly, Wisconsin and serves Appleton International Airport in the city of appleton. It is located in Little Chute.
Attica is part of Indiana in the United States., The Attica, Indiana is located in Indiana, U.S.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States. Albany is a member of the U.S. and Benton County (Alben County) are an ethnic state.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Abeba Stadium, Ethiopia. The leader of thiopie is Mulatu Teshome and they are leaders., Abidi's city hall is situated in New York (Didjikistan) and it is part of Addis Albaba Stadium.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow and is the manager of Rashid Rakhimov. He also manages FC Terek Grozny, whose club is FC Dynamo Moscou., The football club Aleksandr Prublanco's home ground is Gorzny and its team is formerly served by Rashed Raktiyev.
Bew kway teow is a main ingredients of the Kway Teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shreded, seced black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, Lengkuas, oryster and sesame oil. It is found in Singapore and Indonesia.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an ISBN number of 41071100., The Alcatraz Versu the Giochis Libraryans is written in Irish.
The General Dynamics Electric Boat is located in Groton, Connecticut and has the parent company of Generaldynamics. The American submarine NR-1 was constructed by General dynamis and its location is 3.8 m.
Bhajji is a leader in India, where the leader is T. S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders., Bajji comes from India's leader of India.
Hypermarcas, which was founded on 1st of December 2001, has an area of 23.8 population density of 23,8 per cubic centimeter in Brazil. The company produces cosmetic products and is manufactured by Pharmaceuticals.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was operated by Lockheed AC-130 and has a fighter for the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. The US air Force fought in Operation Enduring Freedom.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan, the leader of the Provincial Assembly of Uttar Pradesh and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. It is part of Jinnah International airport., The Allama IQbal international Airport was operated by an Administrative Government whose headquarters is Jinna International engine.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Paul Ryan is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C., Among the people whose leaders arePaul Ryan.
The United Kingdom's capital is London., London is the capital of the U.K. in Irish.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has a nickname Joden, Godenwys., Jen,Godenkron is an amateur who plays for the AFC Airways.
Adam Koc was born in Poland and served in the Polish-Soviet War, where Joseph Stalin is a commander., American Adam Koc's nationality is Poland who plays for the polonais-soviet war and his language is polannach.
Bailen is located in the Republic of Ireland., Elizabeth is part of Dublin, which originates from the Repubblica of Irland.
10 Hygiea has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and its surface area is 837080.744 square kilometres and the apoapsis of 523951582.33968kilometres. It was completed on 27th June 2015. It has a escape velocity of 0.21 km per sec., The temperature of 10 Hygiesa, which has 164.0kelvins, is 174.0 Kelvins and it has 1 ecasius in 2015-06-27.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the capital of Austin, Texas. The capital city of Texas is Austin., The largest city in Houston is the United States and it is part of the U.S.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom., The location of 20 fenchurch street is London.
Aaron Turner is associated with Isis band and the Lotus Eaters band., Aرمن Turner, a member of the musical band Is, has an played band lotus eaters.
Alison O'Donnell is a member of the band Mellow Candle and performs folk music. He was active in 1963 and his musical genre is Folk music.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister, whose successor is Konstantinos Mitsotakis., The Vice Minister of Adonis Georgidis worked during the post which was preceded by Christos mitsSpartakis.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and its runway name is 12R/30L. It has an elevation of 2989.0 metres above sea level in Metres, which is 211 at the United States.
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the U.C Sampdoria club and he plays for AC Milan, whose manager is Sinisa Mihajlović., The manager of A C Milan's club is Sandvig Miroslavović.
Abradab is a derivative of Hip hop music, whose subgenre is Gangsta rap. Drum and bass is the musical genre of Abradab.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Athens, the capital of Athens and Giorgos Kaminis. The maire of Atene is Giorgo Kamini., Apollo Athens F.C. has a ground for the Olympia Stadium at Athens.
Asam pedas is from Malaysia, in the Sumatra and Male Peninsula. The main ingredients are fish cuisined in sour and hot sauce., The country of Malaysia is Malaysia's home region is Sumatra and males Southeast.
Andrew White musician performs alternative rock which originates from Nu metal., The musical genre of Alternative rock, Andrew White is nu metal.
Aenir was preceded by Castle (novel) before Castle., The Australians are one of the following types of higher the Veil, which is preceded by Aeneir.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, UK and led by the Labour Party (UK) who died in Sidcup., The leader of London is the European Parliament and diede in Midcup.
Adam Koc was born in Poland and served in the Polish-Soviet War, whose commander is Joseph Stalin., American Adam Koc (born in Polonia) was a member of the Kashubian language.
Alan Shepard died in California., The Dead place of Alan Shepart is a California.
Bandeja paisa is a Kidney bean ingredient in Bandeja paisa, which is from the Antioquia Department. The country's Colombian cuisine is one of the ingredients to the bandija paisa.
The 1st runway surface of Alderney Airport is Poaceae and it has a length of 877.0., One of the two stages are an Asteroids in the United States.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was manufactured in 1958 and has a wheelbase of 2160.0 millimetres. The body style is Two door coupé, which has an  straight-four engine.
Alex Day plays Synthpop, which originates from the new wave music., The genre of Alex Day is synth pop and has its stylistic origins in New Wave music.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade in 1972 and is a solo singer. He plays for Rhythm and blues music, whose background is soliste.
1036 Ganymed has a temperature of 160.0 Kelvins., 1026 Gannymed, which has an temperature and its temperature is 16.0.0kelvins.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow and managed by Valery Petrakov., The manager of the club, Aleksandr Chumaikov's club is FC Turkmovich.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. He has the west of Franklin County (Frederick County), Maryland and its northeast is Frank County., Athens West is Franklin Town, New York, United States.
The capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is Sri Lankan rupee. The country's leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the location of Adisham Hall is Haputale.
The A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members and has a total number of members., One of the crew groups are 1500 members.
The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle Peppers and Cubanelle members are the Valencian Community., Aroos Jackets is from Spain and its main ingredient is White Rice, Cuttle fish or Squid ni squelette, cannell into k,cubanelle pepers.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the leader of Ann Crest., The President of an U.S.A. is Mayor.
Andrews County Airport is located in the city of Andrews, Texas., The location of New York City is Andrew's Town Airport.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Adenan Satem., Adenian Satim was the successor of Abdul Tab Mahmoud.
Caterpillar Inc. is the key person of Douglas R Oberhelman., Douglas ROberhelmans is a key member of Caterpillar in Ireland.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a class of Executive car., Alfa ROME 164 was graduated from the city of Irish.
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.44075 km., The apoabsis in (308477)2009 FD is 259766702.66036 km.
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University in the city of Ithaca, New York and has an affiliated with Association of American Universities., Cornell University is part of the United States of The City of it that was founded at the Institute of Académie (Associazione de AmericanUniversities), whose publisher is Cornelle University.
Andrew White is a member of the Kaiser Chiefs musician, whose record label is Polydor Records. He was active in 2003 and plays for the artist Marry Banilow.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish-Soviet War. He was a member of the Russian Civil War, whose commander is Joseph Stalin., Abraham Koc's birthplace was in Congrès Poland.
Bionico is a dessert course in Granola., The ingredient of Bionico comes from granola and belongs to the ingredients of bionico.
Inuktitut is the language of Canada., The country's language is Inuktilut.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched in Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It has a maiden ship on 28th March 2014., Antares (rocket) was produced from youzhnary Design office and the MaidenFlights on 22nd April 2013, 2014-10-28.
ALV X-1 is manufactured by the Alliance Techsystems.
Atlanta is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group., Athens originates from the U.S. The country of Atlanta is also one of the ethnies groups.
GMA New Media, which was founded on the 1st of January 2000, has an industry of mass media products. Felipe Gozon is the key person in GMA Network Center., The launching date of 20th December 2000 and its company is Mass Media.
Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C. whose manager is Steve Bruce., The manager of the club, Abel Hendez's club is and its manager was Steve Brues.
The comic character Bolt was created by Ernie Colón and the alternative name is Larry Bolatinsky., Dan Mishkin, whose comic book character has the original name of Erini Colon.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is the leader of the state Senate., The country's leader is called the State senate.
A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages and is print., The media type of A Glastonebury, written in Irish, was printed.
The AWH Engineering College is located in India, where Ganges are the largest city., In India's più grande city is Mumbai.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. It has 21.2 metres long and is operated by Helsinki., Azerbaidjan's east of Helsinki is located in the Finland.
101 Helena has an mass of 3,0 kilograms., The body of 101 Helen's mass is 3.0 kg.
The Star Spangled Banner is a country in the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group. The ALV X-1 originates from the U.S. and its capital is Washington D.C..
The Aston Martin V8 was assembled in the United Kingdom and has a 5.3 litres of carbs. It is related to the Aton Martin RHAM/1.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Tamil is Ranil Wickremesinghe and it is led by Ranils Wickresmerenghe.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, where Joe Biden is the leader of the U.S. and his nationality originates from the United States.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, whose state of origins is Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin., The founder of 101 Helen has the birthplace of Michael Craig (which originates from Canada).
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova and he performs Trance music. He is a member of the musical artist Armin van Buuren who began his debut on September 2009.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and served as a commander of the Polish-Soviet War. Leon Trotsky was involved in an invasion., Abraham Koc, who died in Congrès Poland, plays for the Polonais–Soviet war.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and succeeded by Price Daniel., Alan shivers, who was born in the United States, was an Democratic Party that has its successor as PriceDaniel.
Antioch, California is the leader of the 11th State Assembly District., The 12th state Assembly district in California's leaders are Antioch.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Chicago and a spouse of Casey Ribiceoff., The birthplace of Abraham A, Ribicioff is from Chicago.
A Severed Wasp is published in print and has the ISBN number 8805300., The book of Congress class was PS6036 E55 S4 1982 and its media type is print.
Albany is part of Oregon, where the capital is Salem, Oregon. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The country's capital city is Albany, whose capital comes from The United States.
Swords, Dublin is the leader of the County Manager., The city manager is a member of Swords and Dublin.
The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on 28th September 2013 and is 3746.66 square metres. It has 3 floors and its floor area is 3, 4 sqm.
 Barny Cakes was created by Mondelez International., Barnycakes is a creator of the United States.
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and plays for F.C. Bari 1908, which is the manager of A C Lumezzane. He also began his club to Torino FC.
Arem-arem is from Indonesia, where the Javanese cuisine is led by Joko Widodo and its leader is Jooco Widnikov. The language is Indonesian rupiah., The country of Indonesia's Arem are one of the languages in Indonesia.
Albany is part of Georgia in the U.S. state, where African Americans are an ethnic group., The United States's home from Albany, Georgia (United States) is one of the demonymes of American.
A.F.C. Fylde is located in Warton, Wysade and has 3180 members., The full name of the A FC Fifen is Association Football Club Wysde.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the musical artist Jwaydan Moyine and performs House music. He can be found in Irish.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad., Alata Abdul Zahra, whose birthplace is Bagdad.
Batchoy is a country in the Philippines., Bakuy comes from The Philippines.
The United States of America is long name in the U.S..
The season of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C., Agremiacao Swyspia Apiraquitasense plays in the 2015.
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent, England and fought in Gulf War. He was a commander of the Grenadier Guards., Amy military Branch is found in Irish and began his combat on Golf War, Colin Powell.
The net income of Hypermarcas is 108600000 and has an revenue of 1800000000. It has 10252] employs.
Aaron S Daggett was a member of the Battle of Mine Run., The Battles of mine Run is in Irish.
A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. The leader of Germany is Andreas Voßkuhle and the A Rosa Luna is located in ROstock.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. The country's ethnic group is African Americans who are one of the habitants from the U.S., The city of Auburn (Albuquet) is Opelika and its county sea it.
Arros negre is from Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader., The country of Spain's language is Spanish.
Ahmet Ertegun originated in Washington D.C., is a blues genre of Blues and originates from the United States.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh and led by Ram Naik. It is part of Bundelkhand and has the iceo location identifier VIAG.
The comic character Auron was created by Karl Kesel and Walt Simonson., Auron, whose nationality is Americans, was born in the comic book Car Acter.
The Bacon Explosion is a main ingredients of sausage. It is found in the U.S., United States.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988., The national Register for attractions Asher is 1989-11-22.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, United States and died in California. He is a test pilot whose birth date was on 18th of January 1923., Athens were led by NWC, M.A. 1957.
 1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95060.0., Located in Irish, is the length of 910 millilitres and it has 1 95040.2.
Bill Oddie is a child of Kate Hardie., Bin who was born in the city of Ireland, began his child's child.
ALV X-1 originates from the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups., Amériques originated in the U.S.
Anderson is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union., Andrew, Indiana is a member of Adams, fall Creek and Laffiled, richland in the Union.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California in the United States. The Greater Los Angeles area is located in Orange City and originates from the U.S..
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for Hamilton Academical FC and Barrow A.F.C. club in Irish.
Alex Day is associated with Chameleon Circuit band and Charlie McDonnell performs Electronic music. Alex Day was active in 2006 and he began his debut in 2006.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Sergey Naryshkin is the leader., The leader of Russia is Sergery Narykhkin.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0., Eric FINT is an author of 1634, The Ramblion whose media type is Hardcover.
Aaron Turner is associated with the band Twilight and Greymachine. Black metal musician, whose genre is black metal.
Chinabank has net income of 15100000000., The net income of Chinabank, is 15500000000.
Albennie Jones is a musician of jazz, which originated from blues., Albennie Jr's genre is Jazz and has its stylistic origins in Blues.
101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days., The orbitals period for 101 Heliana is 16.70000003 day.
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico, where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico. It is also available in Spanish language and it is used to be varied with Cookie., The Bionico can be found in Mexico comes from the country which is part of the English language. The leader for Mexico's food is Rosano AluresolesConejo.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. The leader of the U.S. is President and was led by the President.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the U.S. The leader of the United States, Barack Obama., The editor of A American Caring character dancer (which was publisher) is Sohi Press and Baack Obama is the leader.
Massimo Drago plays for the S.S. Chieti Calcio and is manager of A.C. Cesena.
The successor of the American Motors is Eagle (automobile) and Roy D. Chapin Jr. is AMC Matador, a key person in the US., American Motors was succeeded by Eagle.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin. It has a runway length of 2439.0 and its elevation is 280 above sea level.
Trane has a net income of 556300000 and is found in Swords, Dublin. Trane's subsitorial type is Building Management System. It has an revenue of 10264000000 and its net-income is 560300000.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the leader of South African is Jacob Zuma. The country's ethnic group is White SouthAfrica., The city of 11 Didiagonal Street has a Washington DC leader and was led by Jacob Zura.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan and is Defender (soccer) in Irish.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is 1732-2421 and has the LCCN number 60360714., The Acta Paleontologic Polonico is abbreviated to Act A Palaedontol. Pol. It has an ISSN number of 1722-2421., (abbreviation for ActA Palaesotol.
GMA New Media is the parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal., The parent Company of Philippines Entertainment portal is GMA Nu Media.
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County., Albu County is a member of the U.S. in Irish.
Antwerp International Airport is located in the city of Antwerp, Belgium. The country's leader is Charles Michel and its language is German.
The dessert is a variation of Ice cream., Ice cream is an variation of Desserts, which comes from the Irish.
John van den Brom plays for AZ Alkmaar., The club of John van Den Brom, whose club is AZ Alkamaar.
Antarmore Airport (New Zealand) is a 2nd runway surface type of Poaceae. It has an order of Monocotyledon and its orders are Commelinids., The twond course of poaceae is made from the Arastar Airport in New Zealand, which is one of the types of Cocionades and it has been commanded by Commelidies.
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238] members., The A S.Livorno Football is located in Irish.
Al Kharaitiyat SC plays for the Qatar Stars League and is in Al Khor. Alaa Abdul-Zahra's club is Shabab Al-Ordon Club and has been manager of Amar Osim.
Chinabank is located in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands. The capital city of Chinabank was founded in Manila, Philippines., The insular government of Filippines is the birthplace of Chinesebank.
Aaron S Daggett was a member of the Battle of Gettysburg and won the Purple Heart., Abrahams Deggent, who has been in the battle of Newfoundburg and died in Black Heart.
The Akron Summit Assault is located in St Vincent-St Mary High School., Akron's summit Aggression was served in the ground of St. Vincent–St. Mary high School.
The industry of AmeriGas is the energy industry. The city of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania is located in Ireland.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University, located in Mumbai, Belgaum. It has been given the TechnicalCampus status by the All India Council for Tecnico Education., All India Conference for Tecnica Education is found in Bangalore, Belgium.
The 1955 Dodge has 230 cubic inches and is operated by the RDF-to-tie in Irish.
Aleksandr Barkov Jr. plays for the National Hockey League., The league of Aleksandrer Barkow Jr is the national Hockey Liga.
A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. He is led by Joachim Gauck and its capital is Berlin.
Aaron Bertram is a member of the band Brian Robertson (trombonist) who performs Ska punk music and plays for Kids Imagine Nation., The musical artist in the Suburban Legends has been also associated with Kids's Invasion Nation and was affiliated with Big Bangman. His genre is Ska Punk.
Meyer Werft is located in Papenburg., Mايل Werf was found in Papienburg.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in the Battle of Fredericksburg. He won the Purple Heart, whose birthplace is maine.
The AMC Matador, a Mid-size car, was assembled at Thames, New Zealand and has an alternative name of the American MotorsMatador. Its body style is station wagon., Ametador's class is one of its types of cars with an MA V8 engine.
Alan B Miller Hall was located in Williamsburg, Virginia and is owned by College of William & Mary. He was founded on 30 March 2007.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, part of Luanda Province. It has a runway length of 4000.0 and its elevation is 159.
A.C. Cesena plays for Serie B and has 23900 members., The ground of which A C Cesenea, whose ground is Cesdena in the SerieB, was found in Irish.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum, India. Its director is Dr G.P. Prabhukumar and its campus is in Soldevanahalli, Assignation for the U.S. Ravapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road ( Bangalore – 560090.), whose directors are D.G. P.
Akeem Priestley plays for the Jacksonville Dolphins club., The youth club is located in Irish, Akehem sacerdotley.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which combats invasion of Grenada. Lockheed AC-130 and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon are one of the fighters whose headquarters was found in the U.S.A.F., The US air Force's operate organisation for the Battle of Gran Canaria and has an runway Fighter (LockheedAC-130).
N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham, England and died in Chennai on 17 November 2006., 107 Camilla was discovered by the nationality of England whose birthplace was October 17th,1868.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He is a test pilot who worked as the NWC, M.A. 1957.
The Barny Cakes are a protein of 1.8 g and is an variation of Apple., Barnycakes are one of the types of coconuts, which can be varied by Apple.
Binignit is located in the Visayas region., The city of Binignit, which is part of Visayeas.
FC Terek Grozny is located in Grozze and has the ground of its ground.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is located in the International Tennis Federation. The sport club is offered to tennis, which has been founded in 2000., One of the Sports Clubs are an IRSC whose sport body is operated at tennis.
Andrew the apostole is a patron saint in Romania., The patron of Romania is Andrew the Apostole.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group and originates from the U.S..
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is located in Rome, Italy and has 70634.
Alfredo Zitarrosa has a record label in Movieplay., The film label of Alfred O Zitarroa was written in Irish and is signed to the film play.
Angola is part of Indiana, where Americans are an ethnic group. The country is in the U.S. and its language is English.
Sweet potato is an ingredient in Binignit, which has the main ingredients of Sago., Binignit's dessert is sweetpotato.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York, Erie County, N.Y. and is part of the Eri County (New York).
Allen Forrest was born on 4th of July 1981 in the Disco and performs hip hop music. Drum and bass is derivative of Hip Hop music, which has its stylistic origins in disco., Born on April 4, 1981, Allen forrest's musical genre is Funk and funk.
 Barny Cakes has an protein of 1.8 g., Barnycakes's protein is 1.8 G.
Alan Bean, whose commander is David Scott, was a member of NASA and has an Apollo 12 mission in the United States., Alen Bean's nationality is from the U.S.
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine and is operated by the alternative name to the American Coronet. It has 3 speed automatic transmission.
A Wizard of Mars is published by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 978-20-15-204700-2., The author of A wizard of Marte, whose book is Hardcover, has an ISBN Number 978-1-15-204075-2 and its hardcover character is hebdomadaire.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of Cape Town. The leader of South African is Cyril Ramaphosa.
Bakso is an ingredient of Vermicelli., Biotici comes from the Irish ingredient Baksco.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by All India Council for Tecnico Education, located in Mumbai, Arabian Sea. The sport club is operated by the International Tennis Federation. It has its west West and also plays tennis at the United States.
Alba Iulia is a country in Romania.
Aleksandra Kovac performs Rhythm and blues music and is associated with Bebe Dol. He has the musical genre of K2 (Kovač Sisters duo)., The character of Aleksandra Kasac can be found in the band Bibi Dol, who plays for Disco and Blues.
The HIV contains the species of Lentivirus., AIDS is a מין of lentivirus.
Antonis Samaras was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis., The successor of Antonis Samares is Konstantinosis MittsSpartakis.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the capital of Texas. Austin is the location of the largest city in Houston. The country's capital is Austin.
 Jens Härtel plays for SV Germania Schoniche club., Jensilä is a member of SV Germany olfsburg club.
The Atlas II final airport is the 16th March 1998., Atlas II was completed in 1998-03-16.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria-Hong Kong and died in Styria. He is a member of the U.S.R.I. whose birthplace is Tirol.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin. He has the birth Cause of Peritonitis.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia (Spain) while the monarchy is Juan Carlos I of Spain, whose predecessor is Francisco Franco. He was in office during the reign of Jose Franco.
Adam Koc was a member of the Cross of Valour ( Poland) in the Polish-Soviet War., Abraham Koc, who plays for the Black–Soviet war, has an awards of Cross de Valoure in Poland.
The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle Peppers and can be found in the Catalonia region., Aroos wys is from Spain and also one of its main ingredientes are White Rice, cubdillofish ou squelette, celestial in k,cubanelle pepers.
Bill Everett won the Eisner Award., Bin Edbert, who was born in the Ireland, is a member of the European Awards.
Andrew Rayel is a musician whose genre is Trance music and Christian Burns. He plays for the pop music artist Bobina., Born in Pop music, he was associated with his musical artist Bbyina.
Aaron Deer is associated with the Horns of Happiness., The Horn's deer, whose musical artist is The Corns Of  felicity.
The Dead Man's Plack is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia and Rock (geology).
The country's leader is Gérard Larcher, which was founded in Chicago. Barny Cakes are created by Mondelez International and its language is French., Monez International originated from the city of Chicago, France (based in France) is the leader of France.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. Texan is from the U.S., The English language of Andrews Town Airport (which is operated by Texans) is an Spanish language.
Alagoas is the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, which has its ground in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. It is located in Alagoes and also plays for Vila Nova Fampeonato Clube., The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense comes from Brazil and it was played for the campeonato Brésil with an elevated ground that is situated in Aquigoas.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and succeeded by Isaac Rojas. He was a member of the Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy whose birth date is 1891-05-21., The president of Albertodnikov worked as an Provisional President for the argentine Senate.
101 Helena was discovered on the University of Michigan in 1868-08-15. James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada, died at Madison, Wisconsin.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian cuisine from Paisa region and its main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, Galiciao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), an Avocado and Lemon., The main ingredient of Bandeja paisa can be found in Paise Region and it also comes from the country of Pais
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He was residence in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching (Sarawak)., Born in Kota SamSpartak, Indonesia, Abdul Taiboud began his party as part of The Parti pesaka buimiputera bersatu.
The AIDAstella is operated by the AIATA Cruises and has a top speed of 38.892. It was built by Meyer Werft and it has an length of 253260.0 millimetres.
Hip hop music is a sub genre of Gangsta rap., Gangsta Rap is the musical genre in hip hop.
Al-Khor Sports Club is a Qatar Stars League., The Al- Kluhor Sport Club plays for the Azerbaijan Stars Liga.
1089 Tama is a escape velocity of 0.0068 km per seconds., 1099 Tama's  escaped Velocity has 0,0068 kilograms per sec.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a crew member of the Nigerian Army., The army in Nigeria is an military Branch.
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician and has the genre of Black metal., Alan Turner's genre is Black Metal.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Irish. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S..
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin., The epoch of 101 He was founded on December 31st 2006 and has an Epoch date of 31 December 2006.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and is a member of NASA. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and was retired to the Apollo 14., The Apollo 14 operates NASA, whose mission is Apollo 14, which has an status of decess.
Baked Alaska is from China, where Standard Chinese is the language.
The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis., Greek is the leader in Grec, which comes from the country's leader.
Abel Caballero was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain is the monarch., The Monarch Abel Cab Alves worked during the U.S.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the Suburban Legends and plays for Kids Imagine Nation., The musical artist of which, as part of the suburban in Irish, was affiliated to the band Underurban Legend.
Ann Arbor is part of Michigan in the United States., The country's home town is Ann-Arbor in Michigan, U.S.
Addis Ababa City Hall has 42 m floors and a floor area of 140000.0 square metres. The currenttenants are the Government of Addis-Ababa city Hall, which is located in Irish.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army troops served in the Battle of Baku, which is designed by Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Guner. The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku (capital), whose capital is Baku. He died away from the Ottoman Arm army military soldiers were uccisi in feidhme.
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Theresa Andersson. He has Billy Iuso musician who play in the country theres as a member of The Scottish band., Agnes Asborne's affiliated with an Irish band, and he also began to performing at the club Therese Alsson.
The US is a member of the U.S. and the energy industry is operated by AmeriGas.
Audi was founded by August Horch and its subsidiary is Ducati., The Audi A1, which was manufactured by Audi, was born in AugustHorch as a division of Audi e-tron.
The Alhambra is a top speed of 18.52]., Alhambra's topspeed is 18.52.
A Fortress of Grey Ice has a hardcover media type.
Athènes is the maire of Athens, Giorgos Kaminis., The Mayor of Atene is Giorgo Kamins.
The Aarhus Airport has a runway length of 2702.0.
Batchoy is a food found in the Philippines, where Shrimp is an ingredient.
Bhajji is a country in India, where the leader is T. S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are an Indian people., Bajji comes from the Karnataka region of India with its national origins: indian people.
Baked Alaska is from Paris, New York or Hong Kong and its main ingredients are Ice cream. It is found in the United States.
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20th of January 1930 and retired in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and his Alma mater was Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikkou, Morocco., Ait ikkou (Maroc), was the birthplace of Adam Mahers.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, Finland and is in service. It has 21.2 metres above seaboard., Azerbaidjan's ground is operated by the Arctec Helsinki Boatyard of Finland.
 Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland., Aleksandr was birth in Pologne and died in Poland.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The director of the Accademia, whose president is B.M. Reddy, is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and has its campus campus in Soldevanahalli, Assignation for the Adjoint Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road at Bangalore – 560090., Distinguished as well as Vis
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. was a member of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 and he worked in Apollo 11.
1. FC Magdeburg is a season in 2014 and plays for the 2014.
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and is located in Ireland., Corner of the city of Trane's location is in Europe.
Bhajji is a leader in India, where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader., Bajji comes from India and he is led by Susan Mahjan.
Sadique Abubakar is a commander in Nigerian Air Force., The Nigérian air force was commanded by SadiqueAbubakar.
The ingredient of the Arrabbiata sauce is olive oil., Olive oil is an ingredient in the arrabbiate salsa, which originates from Italy.
Bef kway teow is from Singapore, where Standard Chinese is the language., The English of Singapore is standard Chinese.
300 North LaSalle is located in Illinois, Illinois. It has 60 floors., The location of 300 North LASalle was in the Illinois and its floor count is 600 floor.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II, which originates from the United States. The DeltaII was launched at Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2, and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., Antares (rocket) has a comparative with delta II in the U.S.
Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, Bacon singer, piece 'n baco, bocon cob, becon barm and bacion muffin. The alternative name of the main Sandwich is: barbecue.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 27th 1987 and is located in Pacific Grove, California. It has a reference number for 87000920.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is an academic discipline of mathématiques., The Acta Mathacahungarica was written in Irish.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, a member of the University of Texas System and competed in the Big 12 Conference. He is affiliated with the U.S. system and has an ffiliation to the Universit's System.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 as a member of NASA. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and retired.
The Kashubian language is written in Poland.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut and worked as the Mayor of Stamford (Connecticut).
Ahmet Ertegun died in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The genre of Rhythm and blues is derived from blues and disco originated from Blues., The musician Ahmet Ertagun was born in U.S., whose stylistic origins can be found in Jazz and Disco.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 2nd runway surface type of Poaceae and the order is Poales., Ardmore airport (Nouvelle-Zélande) was commanded by poales.
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire and died in Bananaman., Bananaman starred by Bill Dedie, whose birthplace is led by the Irish.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II and the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, associated with Minotaur V. It was launched by the Atlantic region spaceport launchpad 0 in the United States.
Alan Martin was born on 1st of January 1989 and plays for Aldershot Town FC. He is a member of the club Crewe Alexandra F.C., The footballer Alan Martin's birth date is 01/01/1989, whose club has also crewe Alessandria FC.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and was founded by Kempe Gowda I in the city of Bangalore, Karnataka. Its west is Arabian Sea.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and played in the Operation Enduring Freedom. The U.S. air force was fought in Invasion of Grenada.
Anderson is part of Union Township, Madison County in Indiana, United States.,  Anderson is the country of the U.S.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is the leader., The politician of which Patrick Alan is led by Akeam sacerdotley (born in Jamaia), whose birthplace is a member of the politicians.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, the capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte., The Ampara hospital is found in Singapore and it is part of The city of South India.
James Pain is owned by J. P McManus and was completed in 1862., The architect of Adare Manor was James Pain, who was the owner of A.P.
Agusín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay, whose leader is Juan Afara and died in Paragua. The language is Spanish.
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana., The Attica in Indiana is located in Ffontaine County (In Indiana).
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where the capital city is Rome. The leader of Italy is Laura Boldrini., The Italian language is English.
The AMC Matador is a mid-size car and was assembled at Thames, New Zealand. It has an alternative name of the American MotorsMatador whose class is Mid-6 engine., Ametador's first name is one of its types of cars are similarly found in the United States.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States., The country of Amarillo which originates from The U.S.
The Labour Party in Argentina is the party of Juan Peron., Jen Perón was a member of the Lavoro Party (Argentine).
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and the leader of the United Kingdom, Elizabeth II., Abely II is led by the U.S. whose book is founded in the US.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group from the US.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party., Abraham Tub Mahmoud was birthed at Miri (Malaisie), whose party is Basinar Ra`ayat jati sarawak.
A Severed Wasp was authored by Madeleine L'Engle., The author of A severed Washp is made from the Irish.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl is a full name of Associaziones sportives gubbione 1910. Its ground is Stadio Pietro Barbetti and has 3800 members.
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade, who died in Göttingen. He was born in German Empire and his Alma mater was the University of Gottingen.
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983., The 11 Distinguished Street has a completion date of 1983.
The Castle (novel) followed by Aenir., In the Irish, Castle's novel is preceded by The author.
The AMC Matador was manufactured by Richard A. Teague, whose employed is Chrysler., Richard A.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine., Andyred was a member of the band/Jwayden Moyin and he plays in Irish.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm and is a member of the youth club at FC Spartak Moscow. Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny, whose home ground has its ground., Administrateur Aleksandr Prublanco's club is FC Akar perm.
Arem-arem is a main ingredient in the Javanese cuisine and its main ingredients are compresso rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings., The Arem, which is also known as Lemper, is an ingredient of Banana Leaf and it is part of the javanese food.
Chinabank is a net income of 15100000000., The company Chinabank's services are banking, and its net income is 1500000000.
Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which was founded in Coventry. The successor of the Rover company is Rover Company.
Walter Baade was born in German Empire and died in West Germany. He is doctoral student of the University of Gottingen and has 1036 Ganymed.
Aaron Deer is a solo singer in Indiana, United States. He plays Indie rock and Wee Giant musician whose musical genre is Indie Rock.
Arem-arem is located in Indonesia., The region of Arem are an Indonesian region.
Bef kway teow is a country in Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is the leader., The Bbeef Kway Teow comes from Singapore and belongs to the Malaysia dollar.
(66063) 1998 RO1 is epoch on November 4th, 2013 and it has an Epoch date of December 3rd 2013.
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has an elevation of 23.0 metres above sea level and it is part of Atlantic County, N.S., Atlantique city International airport is operated as the area of 23.7 meters long and its elevated runway is 23 km long.
Ajoblanco is a food ingredient in water. Ajoblanco comes from the Andalusia region of Spain, where it is used to be found., Albany is one of its ingredients are water.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London., The Death place of Alfred garth is London.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacabin, which was completed in 1927. It was inaugurated in 1931 at the St. Benedict's Monastery, Adiham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka.
A Wizard of Mars is published by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 318900313., The author of A wizard of Marte, whose media type is Hardcover, has an ISBN Number 318875313.
Anders Osborne is a rock musician whose record label is Alligator Records. He performs Rock music., Born in the disco label of Disco and Akhlaigh Records can be found in Aceh Records.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has a periapsis of 29919600000.0., The perianpsise of (66391), 1999 Kw4, has 99196000.0.0.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States., The U.S. is a member of the US where one of its ethnies are NativeAmericans.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd runway surface type of Poaceae and is located above sea level. It has an elevation of 34.0, which is in the length of 14115.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.,  Airey Nave's birth place is the Knightbridge of London.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician whose record label is Fruits de Mer Records., The record Label of Deram Records is found in London and also performs Jazz music.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) has a length of 192000.0 millimetres and is from Argentina.
Elliot See was born on 23rd March 1927 and died in Dallas.
Albennie Jones is a solo singer whose genre is Rhythm and blues. The musical genre of the Blues is derived from Disco.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in Chicago, where Americans are one of the ethnic groups from the United States. His spouse was Casey Ribiceoff and died in New York., The birth place of Abraham A. Ribicocoff, whose nationality is American, was made by American.
Ayam penyet serves the hot temperature., The Ayamdnikov's served temperature is hot.
Airey Neave was a commander in the World War II, where Joseph Stalin was commanded.
Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley F.C. and is a footballer club in Ireland.
The Akron Summit Assault is located in Abilen, Ohio, United States., Akron (United States) is from the U.S.
Abel Caballero was born in Spain and worked as a Minister of Transport.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabate. It has a runway length of 3800.0 and it has an meters of 38.4 km long., The Aviation which is operated by the U.K.A.C. is 3900.0.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Sumac and has an musical fusion genre of Death metal., Alan Turner, who performs black metal musician, was associated with Sumaca in Irish.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Born in Royaume-Sarawak, United States, Abdul Taim Mahed was an ethnic party whose party is The Parti pesaka buimiputera bersatu.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was succeeded by the Nigerian Air Force and he was in office while Atiko Abrahám was Vice President. His successor was Olesegun Obasanjo, who was part of the Nigérian air force., Ahmad Alham AlHAM Alyam Al Mutakar was retired to obtained its army ranch during the Usakair Force.
The American Journal of Mathematics was abbreviated to Am J Math. It has an academic discipline of math and its first publication in 1878., Am J. Math, the American Institute is known as 1080-6377.
The ethnic group in Japan is the Brasilians., Brésils are an ethnical group of Japan.
Aaron Turner is a member of the House of Low Culture musician whose musical genre is black metal. Death metal is an instrument for the band Twilight, which performs Electric guitar and plays Black metal.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The country's capital is Washington D.C. and its language is English.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located at -3.3528 above sea level and has an operate organisation of Schilogramm group., The Amsterdam Airport Siphol, which operates the Schiplot Group, was served as a largest elevation in -3,3084 and its capacity is 3.4075.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County in Indiana, United States. The area total of 16.55 square kilometres is 16,55 sq km., One of the U.S. are located in Angola, which has a total area of 17.55 sq Km.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff., The Accademia Di Archistettura de Mendritio is a student staff of 100.
The amount of (66391) 1999 KW4 has an متوسط speed of 37.16 km per seconds and its density is 2.0 gram per CubicCentimetres. It has the apoapsis of 162164091.6036 km., (66391), 1999 KY4's average speed is 35.16 km/per sec, it has a dennsity of 2.0gram per cubiccentimeters and an apoabsis on 164075091.38 km.
Aaron Turner is associated with the band Twilight and Lotus Eaters. He performs post metal and plays Post metal in 1995., Alan Turner, whose musical genre is post-metal, began his debut on 1995.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland and plays for Florida Panthers., The club of the United States football is Floridians who have been born on September 2, 1995.
Albennie Jones was born in 1914 and plays for Rhythm and blues music. He is a solo singer whose background is rock and can be found in the U.S..
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny., RenéGOSCIENY, creator of the comic book car Acter.
Jerry Ordway was created by Bibbo Bibbowski, Marv Wolfman., Bobby Gormman is the full name of Bibbaowski.
Bakso is a leader in Indonesia, whose capital is Jakarta. It is also popular in the vicining Southeast Asian countries and its leader is Joko Widodo., Javaco Widnikov is the leader of Indonesia's language is Indonesian.
Airey Neave was a member of the Battle of France, whose birth date is 1974-04-04. He has an active year in 1979-03-30 and he fought in the battle of French.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was involved in the Battle of Grenada. Lockheed AC-130 is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and belongs to the U.S. The US air Force has a crew member of the transport transportation military planes that were operated at the state of Panama.
Akeem Dent was a member of the Atlanta Falcons, who plays for Arthur Blank.
Agnes Kant is a nationality of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is led by., The House of Representatives (Netherlands) is the leader of Agnes Kant.
103 Colmore Row was architected by John Madin., The architect of 103 Colmor Row is John Maddin.
The jazz originated from blues is Blues., Rock originates from Jazz, a stylistic origin of blues.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 with an alternative name Edwin E. Alden Jr. who worked as a fighter pilot. He retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and is a test pilot. He worked as the NASA member of Apollo 14 whose mission is Apollo 14.
Abilene, Texas has 325 area code., The areacode of Abilenne, Austin is 325.
Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904., The Asser Levay public Bath is a member of the year of Construction, 1904.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton club and has the manager of A.F. C. Blackpool, which is managed by Ryan Parker.
Albany is part of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group., Albeny, Georgia is in the U.S. The country's ethn group is AfricanAmericans.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendritio, Switzerland. Its dean is Mario Botta and has 600 students who are an academic staff of 100.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and is a member of the Nigerian Army.
Ace Wilder is a member of the genre hip hop music, which has its stylistic origins in Disco., Ace Breed's genre is Hip Hop music and his style is Disco.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by the architect Julia Morgan and Los Angeles Herald-Examiner, whose significant building is Riverside Art Museum., Julia Morgan was born in California and was an architect of ASILOmar conference grounds.
Felipe Gozon is the key person of GMA New Media., The key persona of GGMA new Media is Felipe GOzon.
Abner W. Sibal was a crew member of the United States Army and fought in World War II.
DeSoto Custom, which was manufactured in 1955 Dodge, has an related means of transport at Chrysler Newport and its successor is DeSOTO Firedome., The 1955 CDodge's along with the Sedan de Soto (automobile) produced it as a type of transportation that originates from DSEoto.
Almond is an ingredient in Ajoblanco, which is from Andalusia., Ajoblanco's ingredient is Almond.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) was inaugurated on 27th December 1932 in Turkey, where Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader. The architect of which is Pietro Canonica and its capital is Ankara. It has an element of bronze.
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and the Premier Development League is champions of K-W United FC., Akron, which plays for the Prime Development Football League, was a member of 3000 Members.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group. The country's leader is Joe Biden and its language is English.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago and has 60 floors., One of the U.S. are leaders at Chicago whose city is DuPage County, Illinois.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacabin, which was completed in 1931. It was founded in 1927 in Sri Lanka.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and his predecessor is Oladipo Diya. His successor was Olesegun Obasanjo, who was succeeded by the Nigerian Army., Ahmed Abdulsu Alkarabe has worked on the 29th of May 1999 and its vice President was M. Akibak.
Adam Koc is an ethnic group of Kashubians whose nationality is Poland and its language is Polish., Amad Koc was born in Poland, which is from the state of Poland where one of the ethnies groups are Kas hubians.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where the capital city is Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S..
Asam pedas is from Sumatra, Malaysia where the Minangkabau people are an ethnic group in Malaysia., The country's population is minukkabau who are one of the peripheries and can be found in Indonesia.
Aenir was preceded by Castle (novel) before Castle.
Abner footballer plays for the Real Madrid Castilla club, which is manager of Luis Miguel Ramis and Coritiba Foot Ball Club., Administrateur Abner's club is Curitiba Football Club.
The Antares rocket was launched on the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It has a maiden airport on 9th December 2014., Antares (rocket) had an MaidenFlights on 09/01/19 2014 and its launch site is Mid Atlantic Regional spaceport.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria., Austin was the birthplace of Alfons Gobach who was found in Tirol (state) and died in Austria.
Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot in the Apollo 11.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. The campus is in Soldevanahalli, Ahatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. Its president is B.M. Reddy.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24th of March 1989 and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar. He is a member of the FC Dynamo Moscow club in Irish.
 1097 Vicia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and its orbital period is 135589000.0. Its apoapsis was 410792000.0 km/s., Located in Irish, 10 December 2006, the escape Velocity is 0.0112 km per sec. It has a mass of 9.8 kilograms and it has A poids de 53009000 millimetres.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and has the alternative name of Roland Desmond., Tom Lyle is a member of the comic book character, which originates from its origins in Irish.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army troops served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan. Its designer is Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Guner., Baku Turkey Martyres’ memorial was consacré to The Ottoman Arm Commander Assassined at the Batag.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, whose Alma mater is University of Michigan and died in Madison, Wisconsin. He has the birth Cause of Peritonitis., The NASA's campus is located in New York, United States.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and is manager of Viktor Stiyek., Victim SSpartakik, whose manager is ViktorSdnikov, has been in the Bundesliga League. He was managed by Viktor Spnyk.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Williamsburg, Virginia. He was owned by College of William & Mary and plays for the college of Wilson and Mary.
Massimo Drago plays for S.S.D. Potenza Calcio and is a member of the A.C Cesena, whose manager is Mistico Drago.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F.C. and Al-Naft., The club of the Al Naft is in Irish.
Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley F.C., whose manager is Barry Ferguson and has been the manager of Clyde FC., The footballer Alan Martin's club is Accrington St.F.A. with its ground inAccrington.
John Madin was born in Birmingham, where the leader is John Clancy (Labour politician) and his postal code is B postcode area., The city name of Birmingham is 103 Colmore Row who was designed by the architect Jean Macin.
1634 The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint., Eric FINT is the author of 1634: The bavarian conflict.
Alvah Sabin, who died in Sycamore, Illinois, was located in Vermont's 3rd Congressional District. He is the largest city in Burlington, Vermond., Allora Sabin (born in Scatamore) is a member of the threerd Congresssional district and has began his death place in Sicamour, Indiana.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, United States and died in California. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and is a member of the U.S. The Alma mater of Apollo 14, whose alma mater is NWC, M.A. 1957.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States. Auburn was a total area of 7741 square kilometres and has 77.41 sq km/s., The city of Duburn's state is operated by Great State and one of its surfaces are 7641 quadrametres.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the capital of Texas. Austin is the location of the largest city in Houston., Anderson is an Spanish language and its capital is Austin, Texas.
The Ariane 5 was launched on the Guiana Space Centre and has a diametre of 5.4 metres. The final airport is 2009-12-18, made by Airbus Defence and Space and its maiden fly on August 11th 2005., Ariane 5's Maiden Flight was on 18th November 2005 and it was Launched at Guiane Space centre in Irish.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by Grantville Gazette III and published by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint., The author of the book, Virginia deMarcé andEric FINT, is 1634 that has the basculan Crisi.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by the architect Julia Morgan, who was born in California. He is located in Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and has a significant building in the Riverside Art Museum., Julia Morgan's birthplace is California and its architectes are Susan Moore.
Alex Tyus was born on the 8th of January 1988 in Irish. He plays for Pallacanestro Cantù and is a member of its club., The birth date of August 08, 1988, Alex Tyu's club is Pallaconestro cantù.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is a coden code of APGPAC., The Codencode of the Acta Paleontologic polonica, it has the code NPFPAC.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad Airbase, which was operated by the United State Air force, is invasion of Grenada. Lockheed AC-130 and it has a transport military ssault carriers.
Adam Koc died in New York City., The Death place of Adam Koc, whose birthplace is NewYork City, was located in Irish.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is in Italy, where the leader is Pietro Grasso and its official language is Italian. The capital of Italy is Rome., Piazza Roma is the location of A. S. Gbbione 1910 that is from Italy.
The epoch date of December 4th 2013, (66063) 1998 RO1 has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815kilometres and an orbital period of 360.29 days. It has the mean temperature of 265.0 Kelvins and it is completed in 2013-11-04., A poids of the ediminution of 60063 1998 Ro1 was 31 November 2013 and had an asourdate of 274.9 km/h. The apoabsis de 25
Bhajji is a leader in India and Narendra Modi is the leader of India. The country's leader is T S Thakur., Bajji comes from the Karnataka region, India which is led by M.Nander Modi.
Albert Jennings Fountain was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President and died in New Mexico Territory., Austin G.J., whose birth place is in the new Mexico Territoriy, worked at the United States.
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico and has an ingredient in Sour cream.
A-Rosa Luna, which has a length of 125800.0 millimetres long, was manufactured on the 22th of April 2004 and is made in Cruise Ship., The A Rosa Luna's crew ordered on December 22, 2004.
Atlantic City International Airport, which is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, has a runway name 4/22.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in 23rd Street (Manhattan) and was built in 1904., The Asser Levay, which was founded in 1905, has an year of creation of 1904.
The runway length of the Alpena County Regional Airport is 1533.0 and it has 210 metres above sea level., Alpina County regional Airport, located in Wilson Township, Innsylvania County, Michigan, is an elevation of 210 km long.
Atlanta is part of Georgia (U.S.) in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group., Athena is situated in Georgia, USA and its home country is one of the people known as AfricanAmericans.
Aleksandra Kovac was active in 1990 and performs as a soul music., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovač is the Soul music.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and the predecessor is Oladipo Diya., Ahmed Abdulsegun Obasanjo was succeeded by Olese Gun Obasajo, who was vice president of the United States.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, which is led by Aigbeben Patel., AKarnataka's leader is Aolfsburg and the leader of Amtiyen Padtel.
Auburn is part of Washington, United States. The capital of the state is Olympia, Washington which is in the U.S..
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister, Konstantinos Mitsotakis., The Adonis Georgidis is in work during the time of the Premier Minister whose predecessor is Antoni S Samares.
Baked Alaska is from Hong Kong, France. Grard Larcher is the politician of France and its language is French.
The Philippines is a language of the Ilocano people, whose official language is Philippine English. Batchoy is from the Philippines and Igorot people are an ethnic group in the country., Philippines is also known as the Ilusocat people.
The AIDAluna, which has a length of 252000.0 millimetres, is designed by Caterpillar Inc. and its maiden voyage was on 22th March 2009. It has an beam of 32.2 long and it has the power type of ANADAluna.
Alvah Sabin was active in 1857-03-03 and he is a member of the RDF-to-tie in Ireland.
Befa kway teow is from Singapore, which is in the Nation Wide in Singapore and Indonesia. The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, was operated by the ANADA Cruises and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres., ANADAstella is in service and its location is available in services.
Alex Tyus plays for the Turkish Basketball Super League and is coached by Zaw Sherf., The club of Maccabi Ashdod B.C., whose coach is Ví Sherfl, is also a member of the United States.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers uccisi in the Battle of Baku, which is located in Azerbaijan., Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaïdjan and died by the Ottoman Arm army military troops who were played for the Batang.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. The leader of India is Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan.
The order of Lemon is Rosids.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the 4th district, United States Army who fought in Whiskey Rebellion.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in 1972 in Socialist Republic of Serbia and is a solo singer. He performs pop music, whose background is soliste.
Audi A1 is a body style of Sedan, which was assembled in Audi Brussels. It has 1.2 litres and an automatic transmission of 5 speed manual., The Audi A 1 can be found in the automotive beam with 1.5 litre.
Hypermarcas, which was founded on 1st of December 2001, has its key person in the company S.A. (corporation) and is manufactured by drugs. The CEO's leader is Hypermarcais who died in Brazil.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups from the U.S. The capital city is Washington D.C..
The 1955 Dodge, manufactured by Chrysler, has a V8 engine and is transmission of 3-speed automatic. It has 120.0 inches in which it has an rotorbase of 12.0 cm., A 5 speed automatic pilot 1955's ground was produced from the United States whose headquarters are one of the two strokes.
GMA New Media is located in the GMA Network Center, Philippines. Felipe Gozon is the key person of their home company. It is also available in Mobile Applications., The leader of GGMA new Media (which produces mobile applications) and it is found in The Philippines.
Bionico is a dessert of which has an variation of Ice cream. It comes from the Irish.
107 Camilla was discovered by F Vilas and has an orbital period of 2368.05 days. It has a periapsis of 479343000.0kilometres and its apoapsis is 560937000.0 km., The epoch date of the 31st of December 2006, 107 CamillA (scoperta F). Figlias are founded in F Vians and it has 23rd August 2006. He has became known as F VIans with an
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, which has a related means of transport in SEAT Ibiza., AUDIA1's constructed with the Fiat and its relative transportation is located in Spain.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia, where the leader is Mayor and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States., The country's capital is the city of Albany, whose name is American.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician whose musical genre is Jazz and has the Autoharp instrument.
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, which has the fate of Eagle (automobile) and its destino is Eagle.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is called the Universitas Apulensis. The latin name of the University as the U.S. A.P.A. and Andrew the Apostole are the patrons of Romania.
Alan Martin was born on 1st of January 1989 and plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. with an height of 185,42 centimetres. He is a member of the club Crewe Alexandra FC., The footballer Alan Martin's birth date is 01/01/1989 and its length is 185 42 cm.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the legislature national is the National Assembly. The leader of Azerba was Artur Rasizade and its capital is Baku.
Adirsham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, where the language is Tamil.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd runway surface type of Poaceae and the division of Flowering plant., Adare Airport, New Zealand, is located in Ardmore airport (Nuova Zelanda) with an order for Poales.
AZAL Arena is located in Shuvalan, the ground of AZAL PFK., The ground for A Alk Arena (which is situated in shuvalans) is that has its ground.
ACF Fiorentina is in Italy and plays for Serie A, Italian., The ACF Incendies are the league of Serie AS whose country is Italy.
The BBC is a key person of Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead. Bananaman was broadcasted by the BBC in London.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin in the United States. It is part of Clayton Winnebago County in Wisconsin., The Appleton international airport is situated in New York, Illinois, U.S.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. It has the motto Raging Excellence.
Akeem Dent was born in 1987 and died on 27th September 1987., The birth date of Akesem dent is 1987, which was the birthdate of 1987.
AZAL PFK, Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais which has the ground of Parc Olympiques Lionnais. He is a member of the club AZALPFK and he was born in Irish.
Arem-arem is a main course in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. It is also found in the Nation Wide of Indonesia and is one of the main ingredients that are compresso rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings., The Aremam is an ingredient of Banana Leaf, which originates from the Nation Wide for Indonesia (in Indonesia), but it is più spécifique
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and is designed by Finland. Finns are an ethnic of Finland, which is demonym to Finnes.
Antwerp International Airport is located in the Flemish region, which has an elevation above sea level of 12.6., The operating organisation of Antwerp international Airport was operated by the flammish government and its location is 12 floors.
The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II, which is found in the United States. The Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 has an associated rocket of Minotaur IV and its launch site is Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., Antares (rocket) was launched at the Mid Atlantic Regional Falcon Launch pad 0 as a member of the U.S.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and has the headquarters of Jinnah International airport., The Allama IQbal international airport, which is located in the state of India, is an operative organisation for the pakistan Civil Adviation Agency.
Aaron Turner was born in Massachusetts and started his debut on 1995. He is associated with the band Twilight, whose musical genre is Sludge metal.
The Aston Martin V8 was manufactured by the Irish and has a related means of transport. The successor of the company is Alman Martin Virage., Selon Martin, M.A.N.R.M.I., was made by Cylon Martin RHAM/1.
Anderson is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States., In the U.S. are one of the ethnic groups whose home counties are Andersontownship and which originates from the US.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand and has an elevation of 34.0 metres above sea level. The runway name is 03R/21L and its length is 14115.
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade, who was born in Presistenzisch Oldendorf and graduated from the University of Göttingen. He died at Halton Argus and his doctoral student is HALton Arp., Walter Baada was birthplace in Peripherisch oldendorf (doctoral students). He has worked as an Universitas of Gottingen.
Deram Records is located in London., The Deram Record is found in Londres.
Ayam penyet is from Java where Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups. The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob and its language is English.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, United Kingdom and died in London., The nationality of Alfred garth is the United States whose birthplace is Manchester. He diede in Londres.
Amarillo is part of the United States., The Amarillo, Texas is located in the U.S.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, United States. Frank G Jackson is the leader of which graduated from the U.S..
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University, in Bangalore, Arabian Sea. The city of Bangalore is the state of Karnataka and it has the west of Teanaman. It is also located in the area of the Indian Sea.
 Abradab was associated with the band Kaliber 44 whose origins are Katowice and Magik (rapper) is an active year in 1994., Abradab, which originates from Poland, has been actively signed to 1994 and plays for the musician Kalber 44.
 Silvio Berlusconi is a member of the A.C. Milan, which was served by its président., The A C Milan's political Representative (Silzio berlusconi).
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and is a four-stroke engine., Alco RS-3, which was constructed by the Montreal Lokomotive works, has an compressor of 4-stroke.
Andra is a musician who performs pop music. Disco is the fusion genre of disco., The band Andra's musical genre is Pop music and plays for disco.
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer and has the background of Aleksandra Kovač.
GMA New Media is a media company., The genre of GMA Nu Media has the type of Media company.
The Audi A1 is a supermini body style of Sedan, which has 1.2 litres and was assembled in Brussels, Belgium. Its class is Supermini.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven and is in the Netherlands national under-17 football team., Administrated by the United States national Under-17 Football team, Adam Mahers's club is soccer which has an under 17 football staff.
The book number of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 1-439-92550-9 and has an ISBN number 0-939-92540-9.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the band Jwaydan Moyine and performs House music., The musical genre of Armin van Buuren, who plays house music, can be found in Irish.
The variation of Shumai is Siomay and the ingredient is Shiitake., Batagor, in Indonesia, is a food that has its additions: Shiytake.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States., The country of Auburn (which originates from the U.S.
10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days., The orbitals period in Irish is 5,57 jours.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Born in Chennai, Indonesia, Abdul Taim Batchman was partyed by the parti pesaka buimiputera bersatu.
The Amatriciana sauce is in Lazio region and has an ingredient of Tomato., Tomato is one of the ingredients from the Amérique, which can be found in LAzio.
The 3Arena, located in Dublin, is designed by HOK SVE and was completed on December 2008.
Bailen is part of Leinster., Elizabeth is a member of the Lenster.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi., The birthplace of Albenny Jones is Errate, Michigan.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Joe Biden is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country's capital is Washington D.C., Bacon explosion originates from the U.S.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada, where English is the language., English is one of the languages that can be found in Alberta.
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States., The country of Albany and Oregon originates from the U.S.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Taylor County, Texas, United States. It is situated in the U.S..
The Bacon Explosion is a main ingredients of bacon, which is from the Kansas City metropolitan area. It is also found in the United States.
The media type of higher the Veil is Hardcover.
Adonis Georgiadis worked as a Vice Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping., The Vice President of Development in the industry Adonisgeorgiadis is the Vice Ministre for development, competitivyouth and Transportation.
The Alhambra is owned by P&O company and its power type is Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes. It was built by Samuda Brothers and has 63800.0 millimetres long., Located in Deptford, the members of Alcabra are propriétaires of A & O company.
Apollo 8 is operated by NASA., The NASA operator of Apollo 8 was NASA.
The Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is in Brazil and its champions are Vila Nova Folfsburg Clube., Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, who plays for the 2015 Cblanco Rois FC, was played at the city of Brazil.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is a full name of A. E Di Mitr Efloatingpolis.
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and it has a Cruise Ship., A Rosa Luna's length is 121300 mm long.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and Albany is located in Oregon., Albeny (in Oregon) is home to the US capital.
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S. Città di Palermo, whose manager is Giuseppe Iachini and its club is Serie A.
Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. is coached by Žan Tabac.
Akeem Dent was a member of the Houston Texans who plays for Atlanta Falcons. Bob McNair is an former team in Atlanta., Atlanta Falcon's home club is located at Atlanta, which is operated by Bob McKnair.
Aaron Hunt plays for VfL Wolfsburg, Goslarer SC 08 and SV Werder Bremen.
Auron (comics character) was created by Marv Wolfman.
Adam McQuaid plays for the Columbus Blue Jackets, whose general manager is Don Sweeney and has played for Boston Bruins.
Ajoblanco is a main ingredient in Bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil and it is found in Andalusia. Ajoblanco's main ingredients are served as bread, ormeaux, Garlic air, oliv., Albany is an ingredient of the country that is from Spain.
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The Anderson is home to the U.S.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and is a member of Christian Democratic Appeal party.
Abilene, Texas has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres and is 524.0 above sea level. It has an elevation of 429.9 inhabitants per sq km., The population density of the Abilenne, Austin's surface area is 286,5 square0000.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas and died on 28th February 1966. He is a member of the University of Texas at Austin whose alma mater is Université Texas At Austin., The Alma mater of Elliot see was from St Louis and his birth date is 26th March 1966.
The Antares rocket was launched in the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and is comparable to Delta II.
Alpa County Regional Airport has a runway length of 1533.0.
Arem-arem is from Indonesia, where the leader is Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where the capital is Washington DC. The country's capital was Washington D.C. and has an ethnic group of Native Americans.
Airbus Defence and Space is manufactured by Ariane 5., The Arian 5 was manufactureed by Airbus defence, and space.
The manager of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is Vica and has 17000 members. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, who plays for Vila Nova Ftiye Clube, are affiliated with the Brazil club in Brazil., Vica, manages the AC Campeonary SERIES C, have 16000 members.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and has 512 pages., The author of 1634 is EricFlint, whose media type is E-book is the ISBN number 512.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark, where the European University Association is an affiliated with the school of business and its social Sciences are 737 people., Lorlach Laøkke Rasussen's leader is Lars Leøkke Rossussen who was led by the U.S.E.A.C. is one of the
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20th January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and his Alma mater was Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zaheer Jamali whose leader is an U.S.K. are one of the  Operating Organizations for Lahore.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is published in Hardcover., The author of 1634 the Ram rebellion, whose media type is hardcover.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez is a manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan, who plays for the FCC FAS., Gerumberto Rodriguez's club is C D.F. S.S. in Irish.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Fiat Croma., A Alfa Rome 164 has a relative means of transportation and it also comes from Italian.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, part of Luanda Province. It has 159 elevations above sea level in Metres and it is situated in the city of Angola.
AIP Advances, which is abbreviated to A.T Charlie Johnson, was editor of AIP Adv. and has the coden code AAIDBI.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, part of Awadh. It has 167.94 metres above sea level and its elevation is 167 94.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer whose genre is Zamba (artform) and has the record label of RCA Records. He was associated with the artist Héctor Numa Moraes and his background is soliste.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the World War II. He began his death on June 30th, 1953. It has an active date of 1979-03-30.
Elliot See died in St Louis, which is part of the Kingdom of France. He was married to the University of Texas at Austin and has an affiliated with the U.S. System.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Drogheda United F.C. and has its club in Stockport County FC., The manager of A.F. C. Blackpool, which was managered by the AAFC blackpool's club is Drog Hedda United FC.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, was owned by Costa Crociere and is 253260.0 millimetres long. It has a beam of 32.2 long and its runway is 232.2.
Arros negre is an ingredient of Cuttlefish., The Arròs 2395 comes from the Irish ingredient.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to the ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. It has the coden code ATSET.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is made by bronze., Bronze is a material from the largest monument in Turkey.
Peter Stoger is the manager of 1. FC Köln., The manager for 1.FC Köln is Peter Stogere.
The AMC Matador, which has an alternative name called VAD Classic, is assembled at Thames, New Zealand. The body style of the station wagon was a station-wagon and can be found in Irish.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and Goslarer SC 08]. He is a member of the club VfL Wolfsburg, whose youth club is Goslerer Sc 8.
The Alhambra is a ship beam of 8.3 m., Albubra has an elevation of 8,3 m.
Airey Neave was a member of the Order of The British Empire and fought in the Battle of France on 30th March 1979. He has been actively completed in 1979-03-30 and died in order for the United Kingdom.
The Bandeja paisa is an ingredient of Lemon, which is a fusion of Cirus., Bandeja paisa's species is succeeded by succès.
Athens International Airport is located in Spata, Irish., The Athens International airport is operated by the city of Athens and its location is Spate.
The main ingredients of Batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce. Batago is from Indonesia, Indonesia. It is also available in the variation Siomay., Batagor is a food found in Indonesia and it has an ingredient in Peanut Saccha.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and is a member of the Asilomar Conference Grounds, which was architected by Julia Morgan. It was significantly designed by Los Angeles Herald-Examiner., Asiomar State Beach has been built by the architect Janina Morgan.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Sumac and has an genre of black metal., Alan Turner, whose genre is Black metal, was associated with Twilight (band) and succeeded as Kristen.
GMA New Media is a media company in the World Wide Web. It has an industry of Entertainment and its products are one of the media groups., The genre of GMA new Media, which is available in International Wide web.
Arros negre is a Cuttlefish ingredient in the region of the Valencian Community., The Arròs wys are an ingredient for the Catalocal Community and can be found in this region.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. The leader of India is T S Thakur and the leader is to the country's leader., Amidda niGufa was found in Amongst from India.
Auburn, Alabama is from the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S..
Akeem Ayers, who plays for the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, was coached by Mike Mularkey and debuted with the Tennessee Titans.
The ethnic group of Poland is romani people., Polainn has the traditional group in Poland, where Romani people are an ethnical group.
Andrew White is a member of the Kaiser Chiefs musician, whose record label is Polydor Records. He was active in 2003 and he performs his musical artist Marry Banilow.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was assembled in the Korean War. The Operation Enduring Freedom (Operated in Irish)., The US air Force has worked for the U.S.
Alan Bean, whose crew member is NASA, was a backup pilot in Apollo 12 and David Scott. He served as the NASA commander of Apollo 12.
Anderson is part of Indiana in the United States, where the capital city is Indianapolis. He is led by the Democratic Party (United States) whose headquarters is Washington D.C..
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where the leader is Valentina Matvyenko and plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. He was manager of the Soviet Union national football team whose manager is Valery Petrakov.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in the United States and a spouse of Ruth Ribiceoff., The birthplace of Abraham A. Riblicoff, who was an U.S.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the musical artist in House music and was associated with Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano. Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sally Tosun, Lira Yin et Alexandra Badoi.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is from Kota SamSpartak., William Taim Batchul was found in KotaSamkhand, the region of Indonesia.
Tom Tait is the leader of Anaheim, California where the United States House of Representatives are leaders. The country's language is Spanish.
The Abilene Regional Airport is located in the city of Austin, Texas. It has a runway length of 2194.0 and an elevation of 546 metres above sea level. Its iceo location identifier is KABI., 17R/35L was known as the AZA Federal Airport whose IATA name is 17R 35L.
Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil is a main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce., The main ingredient of the arrabbiate can be found in an Irish.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th September 1987. He is a debut team of Atlanta Falcons., The birthplace of the Atlanta Eagles is Atlanta (Atlanta), Georgia and he plays for Atlanta Falcans.
Arros negre is in the Valencian Community region of Spain. Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs blanco., The country of Spagna are one of the ingredients from the Astuc Community and can be found in it.
Aleksandr Barkov Jr was born on September 2, 1995 and plays for Florida Panthers., The club of the Florida, played for the football player Aleksandrer Barkou Jr.
Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot and is retired.
GMA New Media is located in Quezon City, Philippines. The mass media industry is the Mass Media.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre and its area code is 505, 575 and it has 486.2 sq km. It has an area of land of 48.9 sq Km. Its total area is 490.9 (km).
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, Ellington, Illinois. It is part of Little Chute and the city of Appleton, United States., The appleton international airport is operated by Orangeville (Ellington) and it is situated in New York.
The dessert is a variation of the dessert., A be found in Irish, it has an variation of Cake.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas., The Amarillo in Texas is located in Potter counties and the RDF-to-tie in Irish.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association., Aarhus Institute is the headquartered in Brussels.
Arem-arem is located in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia and is more specific to Java.
Andernie Colón is a national of Puerto Ricans and Dan Mishkin was created by Bolt., The comic character Bolt, which has the alternative name to Larry Bolatinsky, can be found in Irish.
Akeem Ayers was formerly involved in St Louis Rams and drafted 2 rounds., The draft of the draft is 39 and it has a draft order of 39.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, established in 2000, has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The campus is in Soldevanahalli, Ascharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road at Bangalore – 560090. It was founded in 2000. Its motto is Raging Excellence.
Arròs negre is from Spain, where the leader is Felipe VI of Spain. The country is one of the ethnic groups in Spain and it has an Euro.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. is the full name of Associazione I.C. chievo Verona, in Italy and has 39371 members., The home ground for A.S.Chievo (in Italy) plays in 2014-15 Serie A and it has 39371 members.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It has the Carroll County of Maryland and its north is Cumberland County.
Hypermarcas is located in São Paulo, Brazil. The leader of Brazil is the President of the Supreme Federal Court and drugs products are drug.
Budapest is located in the country of Hong Kong., The city of Budapest originates from the Hungary.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, which has 45 floors., The location of 200 Public square is 45.
Administrative Science Quarterly has the LCCN number 57059226.
The Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States. The leader of Manhattan is Gale Brewer and was led by the US.
The main ingredients of the beef kway teow are Kway Teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shrid, seced black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, Lengkuas and oyster sesame oil. It is a palm sugar ingredient in the country of Singapore and Indonesia.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and operated by contributing property., Austin County (United States) is from the Carroll County to Cumberland County whose capital is part of the community of Gettysburg.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Marriott International and has 23 floors., AC Hotel Belle Sky Copenhague was tenant of Hilton International, whose floor count is 23.
South Africa is the capital of Cape Town., The capital city of South Africa's capital is Capetown.
Italie is a demonym of Italians., The Italy's deonym is Italian.
Adam Koc was a Cross of Valour ( Poland) Award in Irish.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, part of DuPage County, Illinois. Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago in the U.S., One of the United States leaders and can be found in New York.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Nikos Voutsis is the leader and Nikosis Vou Tsipras are leaders., The A. E Diamitra Edifiestoupolis comes from Greek language.
Adenan Satem was born in Sarawak and served in the Borneo Party of Japan. Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the party Barisan Ra'ayat JatiSarawak. He was succeeded by Adenian Satm, whose successor is AidenanSatem., Abdul TaiB Batchman was retired in sarawak with the birthplace of Japanese occupation of British Buorneo.
Trane was founded on 1st January 1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin., The birthplace of Trane (founding on the 01st of March 1913) is Lacrosse and its fondation was on December 1, 1913.
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where Laura Boldrini is led by Pietro Grasso. The capital of Italy is Rome. Italians are one of the demonymes in Italy. It is found in Rome and its capital is Roma.
The Barny Cakes is a variation of chocolat., Barnycakes are an variation of chocolate.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by Danish Cruises. It has a length of 253260.0 millimetres., Attastella was located in the cost of crociere company and its location is 25825 km/h. Its largest operator is Atlantic Cruise.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has a rotation period of 9953.28 and an epoch date of 14July 2004, 2004.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which has a runway name 4/22. It has an length of 1873.0 and its iceo location identifier KACY., Atlantique City international Airport (IATA) is located above sea level in 22.7 and it has 32.2 metres long.
The Ariane 5 was launched in Irish and is the headquarters of Kourou, French Guiana. It has a location of ELA-3 that is operated by the Greatian Space Centre.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, which has a runway name 14L/32R., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baras Airport was built at Madrid and its length is 40.0. It's location is made from the city of Madrid. The Aviation name of it is 14 L/32 R.
A Long Long Way is written in English, followed by The Secret Scripture., The English language is also published in Great Britain and it has the same language.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has an population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre., The Ann'Arbor (Michigan) has a population Density at 1590.7 people per sq km.
Duncan Rouleau, a national of Americans, was created by the Big Hero 6 film and starred with Jamie Chung., The comic book Baymax is designed by Duncan rouleau whose nationality is American.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University, which has the name of Cornelle Big Red and its affiliated with Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. It is in Ithaca, New York.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II, which was launched in the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and has an associated rocket with Minotaur IV., Antares (rocket) comes from the U.S. The Vandenberg Air Force Base and its launch site is led by vandenberg air force. It is similar to delta II.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola., The Icolo E Bengone is from the country of that country.
The first aired of Bananaman was broadcast by STV in Irish and starred Bill Oddie., Bananaman, whose first Aired on 3th October 1983, is published by the TVV.
The A.F.C. Fylde is located in Bryning Lane and has 3180 members., Brying Lane is the ground of A F. C. Wysen, whose ground is beating.
Auburn, Alabama is from the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C..
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, Sri Tamil and has 476 bed count., The Ampara hospital is found in the region of Asra District and its bed number is 476.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. which is led by Auburn (state) whose capital was Washington DC., The country's capital is Seattle and it originates from the US.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, which has a runway length of 3500.0., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baratajas airport is found in Alcabendaes.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University, which has the nickname Cornelle Big Red. It was affiliated with Association of American Universities in Ithaca, New York.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made from Red granite and white marble. The monument was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers uccisi in the Battle of Baku, which is located in Azerbaijan.
Aenir is written by Garth Nix and has an ISBN number of 1-439-17684-0., The author of Aener is Gart Ni X and the ISBN Number of 0-440-417934-0.
The architect of 3Arena is HOK SVE., HOK SSVE is located in North Wall, Dublin.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois., Cater Inc. is found in peoria ( Illinois) and it has the location of Caterpillar INC.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi., Maruusi is the location of the Olympi Stadium Athenes.
The University of Texas at Austin is a mascot of Hook'em (mascot)., Université Texas in Austin comes from the MAscot.
The AIDAluna, which is owned by the ANADA Cruises, was founded in California. It has a power type of Caterpillar Inc. and its location is Rostock.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., The Alcatraz Versu the Opossum Libraryans are in the U.S. The country's language is English.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria and died in Austria., The leader of the country is Doris Bures and whose leader comes from Austria.
Adam Koc was a member of the Cross of Valour ( Poland) in the Polish-Soviet War. He won the Order of Polonia Restituta, and died in an order of Poland.
Aenir is a country of Australians whose ground is above the Veil.
Bionico is a granola ingredient in the course of dessert. Bionico's dessert is varied from Cake and has an ingredient for Granola.
Binignit is a main ingredients of sweet potato and belongs to the Visayas region, in the Philippines., Banana is an ingredient of Binignit, which is part of the city of Viyans and desserts.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by the European Space Agency and launched ELA-3 in 2004-03-02. It has 5.4 metres and its final airport is on 27th September 2003.
Bionico is a main ingredient in the country of Guadalajara, Mexico. Bionico's main ingredients are Chopped Fruits, Sour cream, Condensed Milk, Granola, Shredded Coconut and Raisins., The bionico can be found in Catalajara from Mexico, which is also known as chopped fruits or sucmed milk, granola (greddar coconut) and sour cream.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. Anderson is the largest city in which are Anderson.
Baked Alaska is a dessert course in Irish.
Albany is part of Oregon, where the largest city is Portland., Albeny is in Oregon and has an higher city in Portland, Oregon.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the EPSTH 2nd GROUP., The A. E Di Mitr EfSpartak is a member of 1500 people and plays for the ASEPSTH 2.
A.D. Isidro Metapan is a full name of the Associationación Deportiva., The A. D. It is partly known as The Associationrás Juan Diego.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati sarawak party., Abraham Taboud, who belongs to the Barack Republic ofSarawak, has their home place in Sanrawak.
107 Camilla was discovered by F Vilas., The founder of 107 Camille, which has the book F Vicenta's discoverer.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and has 12 cylindres. It has a length of 17068.8 millimetres., Alco RS-3, which has an height of 12 mm, was constructed by the Montreal locomotive works and is 1708.8millimetres long.
Abilene is part of Texas, in the United States where Washington DC is the capital. The country's capital is Washington D.C..
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, the Community of Madrid., The Adolfo Suarez Martinez Madrid-Baratajas airport is part of the community of Spain.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and the leader of the United Kingdom., David Cameron is led by David, whose leader is David Murray. The publication of this journal has an publisher to Lippencott William & Wilson.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio. It governed by the Cincinnati City Council and governs the city Council., The 200 Public square has a location in New York (Cuyahaga County) and its governing body is the U.K.C.
Akeem Dent was a member of the Atlanta Falcons who play in Houston, and is owned by Arthur Blank. The debut team is Atlanta Falcans.
Asam pedas is a member of the Malaysian Chinese whose leader is Ariffin Zakaria. The country's capital city is Malaysia, where one of its ethnic groups are males and belongs to the Malaisie.
AIDAstella is a ship in service on 17 March 2013 and it is operated by the Agathastella.
Joseph Klaus was a student of the University of Vienna., The Alma mater of Josef Klaus, whose alma mater is Université de Vienna.
The AmeriGas is operated by the energy industry in the United States. It has an operating income of 380000000 and one of its operate ingredients.
The Alhambra is a wrecked engine and has an beam of 8.3 m long. Its length is 63800.0 millimetres.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. He has Franklin County and Carroll County (Maryland) whose community is contributing property., Austin County is the location of the 12th New York monument that is operated by Contributing property.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He won the Purple Heart, which is a member of the Battle of Wilderness.
A-Rosa Luna was christened on April 4th 2005 and has a length of 125800.0 millimetres., The Christian date of A Rosa Luna, whose christening date is 2004-04-05, was the 25th of April 2005. It's longueur of 12250 km long.
The country of Point Fortin is Trinidad.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where Americans are an ethnic group. The country's originated from the U.S. and one of the traditional groups include Native Americanes., In the state of Angola, I.C. is situated in Stubenz County (Indie), which is home to American people.
The Delta II was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., A DeltaII was a launch site of the Cape Canveral air force Station.
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana., Indians's capital is Indianapolis.
20 Fenchurch Street was building on January 2009 and is located in Irish.
Adam Koc was a member of the Virtuti Militari Award in the World War I., Abraham Koc, who fought in World war I, became an organization of virtuti militari.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is a member of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and its ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. Vila Nova Folfsburg Clube was champions., The Accademia dei Campeonião SERIES C, which has been played for the campeonato Borneo BrasiliaC and plays for it with the location of Esteádio municipal Coalracyda Matafónseca.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and his Alma mater was NWC, M.A. 1957.
Ayam penyet is a main ingredient in the Ayamdnikov, which can be found in Java and Singapore. Its main ingredients are squeezed or punched fried chicken served with sambal and its serves temperature is hot.
 Asuncion is part of Gran Asunción., Asunción is located in gran Asunciones.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom and has 5.3 litres as a related means of transport., One of the following types of transportations are an Alman Martin RHAM/1 and one of its muscles include 5.3litres.
The maximum temperature of (66063) 1998 RO1 is -71.0degree Celsius and has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815kilometres. The minimum temperature in the country is 750.0 km/s., 600,0kelvins are 500.0 litres and an amhuid to the area of Irish.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Esteghlal Ahvaz FC in the Iraq national football team and Adnan Hamad is the manager of this club., The manager at that club, whose manager is Adman Hamada, is Alman Kovaz F.C.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County in Indiana, United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and Covington is located in the state of that country., The city of Attica (capital of Washington DC) is Cuington, In Indiana.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baras Airport, which has the location of San Sebastian de Los Reys, is situated in Irish.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent, Kent and his Alma mater is Magdalene College Cambridge., Amy member of the Conservative Party (UK) was an Altesse of Magdaleen College, Cambridge.
Alvah Sabin, who died in Sycamore, Illinois, was a member of the Whig Party (United States), is part of Vermont. His leader is Henry Clay., Allora Sabin's party is for Burlington and its largest city is burlington, Wisconsin.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base is located at 84.0 above sea level and has an elevation of 8.4.0.
A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. Germans are an deonym of German and the leader is Stanislaw Tillich., The architect of A Rosa Luna comes from ROstock (Allemagne) and its demonym is German.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns, whose musical genre is Trance music. He was active in 2009 and he performed as the band of Christian Burs.
Aaron Bertram is a member of the band Brian Robertson (trombonist), whose genre is Ska punk and has its stylistic origins in Punk rock. He plays for Kids Imagine Nation and Suburban Legends.
A.S. Livorno Calcio manager Christian Panucci is the club of Italy national football team., The manager of A S.Livorno FC, who plays for the Italian National Football team, is Christian Banucci.
John Madin was born in Birmingham, where Andrew Mitchell is the leader of Birmingham City Council and his postal code is B postcode area., 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Maddin who governed the city Council for Birmingham Town Council.
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has a runway length of 308.0 and it is part of the U.S..
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is called 14R/32L., The runway name of Adolfo SuarezMadrid– Barajas airport is 14 R/32 L.
Austin, Texas is a city manager in the United States. The leader of Austin is City Manager.
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University, which has an affiliated with Association of Public and Land-grant Universities.
Andra is a musician who performs pop music. He was active in 2000 and he began his debut in 2000.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and Anderson is an largest city.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, where Diego Santilli is the leader., The leader of which Albertodnikov was led by Diego Sanilli.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians are an ethnic group of Native Americans in the United States. The English language is written in Great Britain, which is part of the U.S.
The periapsis of 88234300.0 and (410777) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch. It has an orbital period of 39447000.0, in Irish.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba., The birthplace of Alex Plantes is a Manitoba and has the RDF-to-tie in Irish.
The ALV X-1 originates from the United States, where Americans are one of the ethnic groups., Avx-1 originated in the U.S. is made by white americans.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located in Auckland., The Ardmore airport, New Zealand, is the location of Acciaio.
Austrian German is the language of Austrian.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 27th 1987 and is located in Pacific Grove, California., Asal Mar Conference ground has a played for the national register of monuments on 23rd March 1987.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, United States and was architected by Robert A. M Stern. The currenttenants are Mason School of Business.
The South Jersey Transportation Authority is the Chief of Stephen Dilts., Stènes Diltes are the leaders of SouthJersey Transportation and the leader of the state of Ireland.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of Caterpillar Inc, located in the U.S., United States. The power type was AIDAluna.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and served as a test pilot. Alan Bean is from the United States whose mission is Apollo 12., The NASA operated Apollo 12 is one of the crew member of NASA.
Abilene is part of Texas, where Austin is the capital city. The country's capital is Austin. It is one of the languages Spanish.
The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle Peppers and is from the Catalonia region., Aroos Jackets are an ingredient of Cephalopod enk and can be found in Spain.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States., The book of The American A One of the largest character dancer, was written by Sipo Press and is from the U.S..
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages and has a ISBN number of 1-439-92550-9., Alcatraz Versu the Labyrintans, which is located in Irish, has 39-92540-9.
Ayam penyet is from Singapore, where Baduy is an ethnic group in Java., The country of Java is the traditional city of Indonesia.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The director of the company, Dr G. P Prabdnikovar, was founded in India on 2000., D.G.P. Prabblancoar's director is Dr J. B Prabhukumar.
Abilene is part of Texas, in the United States where Washington DC is the capital.
The Bionico is a dessert from Mexico, which is led by Enrique Peña Nieto and the leader of Mexico. Sandesh (confectionery) is one of the types of desserts.
Hypermarcas is a drug found in São Paulo., The Hypermarca's products are drugs, which originates from the city of Sao Paulo.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the U.S. and Don Tripp are leaders of the United States.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and died in the country. Tabaré Vázquez is the leader of Uruguay., The president of which, to be found in U.S.
A Wizard of Mars is published by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 31775313]., The author of A wizard of Marte, whose book has The ISBN Number 322375413], is Dianne Deane.
Hypermarcas was founded on 1st of January 2001 in São Paulo, the subsidiary of Mantecorp.
Ajoblanco's main ingredients are Bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil., The main ingredient of Ajoblanco is the bread, allmonds and Garlic in water and oliveoil.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, part of Luanda Province. The city of Angola has 159 elevations above sea level in Metres. It is situated in the city that is governed by Laandaprovince., The location of the Atlantique International airport is Icolo (Bongo) and its city is Served in Luania Province.
Akeem Ayers was a former team in St. Louis Rams who plays for the Tennessee Titans.
Georgia (U.S. state) is located in the United States., The country of Georgia, USA is from the US.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Austin, Texas., The capital of the city of Austin is Austin.
Duncan Rouleau, a national of Americans, was created by Steven T Seagle and the Big Hero 6 film starred Scott Adsit.
Airey Neave was a service launched in 1935.
Anders Osborne has a record label Shanachie Records., Born in Irish is also known as the main label of Anders Oborne.
The batchoy is an ingredient in Vegetable., Vegetables are one of the ingredients of Batchoney.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., The English language is written from the U.S.
The AMC Matador is a station wagon, which was assembled at Thames, New Zealand and has the alternative name of American MotorsMatador., American Motors Matadores's body style comes from the Station Wagon and can be found in Irish.
The Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, in the capital of Rome., Arrabbiata can be found in Italy and its capital is Rome.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which has a Lockheed AC-130 and its Boeing C-17 Globemaster III. The U.S. air Force was involved in the invasion of Panama.
Ajoblanco is from Spain where the leader is Felipe VI of Spain. Its language is Spanish and its euro is one of the currency in Spain, which is an Euro., The France's country is led by Frank VI de Spain.
Pietro Canonica is a designer of the Atatürk Monument in İzmir., The architect of  Ataturk Monument (Istanbul) was Pietro canonica.
William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 in British Hong Kong and the Apollo 8 mission is Apollo 8.
The Star Spangled Banner is a country in the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group. The ALV X-1 originates from the capital of Washington D.C. and the largest anthem is The Star-spangled banner., White Americanes are one of the U.S. whose capital is Washington DC.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Arese and is related to the Fiat Croma., Lancia Spartak, Irish is an affiliated with the Alfa Rome 164 as a relative means of transport that was manufactured by The Lancia Tomma.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Twilight and Greymachine musician., The musical genre of Drone music was drone music, which performs in Irish.
Asam pedas is from Malaysia, where the main ingredients are fish cuisined in sour and hot sauce. The alternative name of Asam peidas originates from Sumatra and Tamil Peninsula.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 and the Baltic War, author David Weber. It is also a language English.
Am J Math. The American Journal of Mathematics was abbreviated to Am J math. It has an first publication in 1878 and its is n number 1080-6377.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, the region of Ampara District., The country of Asra District is The state of Sre Lanka.
Stuart Parker plays for Bury F.C. club.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor Revival architecture and was completed in 1931., Adirham Hall, located in Sri Lanka, is designed by Tudora Reviva architecture. The building has commenced in 1927.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, KY and a solo singer. He plays for the musical genre of acoustic music., The country's background can be found in Dothan, AL.
1634 The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes., 1624 The bavarian conflict is known as the Subdivision of Grantוויל Gazette.
Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio and is a club in Irish.
The AMC Matador was designed by Richard A Teague and the General Motors., Richard A teague is employed by the general Motors.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan., The Baku Turkey Martyres and the largest martyrs are an ethnic city of Azerbaïdjan.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, which has a runway name 14L/32R. It has an elevation of 610.0 above sea level and operated by ENAIRE.
The AIDAluna was actively served in the 22nd of March 2009.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States. The leader of the U.S. is Barack Obama and one of its ethnic groups are Native Americans., The country's leader is barackObama.
The 4th runway surface type of Asphalt is asphalt. Andrews County Airport has an elevation of 973.0 sea level and it has the elevated length of 97.3 km., Asphalt was located in the East-Sea level, Andrew's 4-th Runway surfacetype are asfalt.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 27th March 1927 and died in St Louis. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, whose birth date is November 23rd, 1966 with a test pilot.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Jones County, Texas, United States. The city of Abilenne is part of Austin and has a runway length of 2194.0.
The Athens International Airport is located in Athens, which has a runway length of 3800.0.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor., Accademia Di Architesttura de Mendritio, which was founded in the country in Switzerland, comes from the federal chancellor for Switzerland.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in New York City. He was the American national of the U.S. Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare., The United States Senators are the Democratic Party (United States), whose birthplace was Abraham A Bricoff, who is an American National.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made from Red granite and white marble. Its designer is Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Güner, which was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku., Baku Turk Marm whose leader is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan, has been led by the Vice President of Azerbaïdjan.
The Lee County in Alabama is the state of Arkansas., Ley County, which is part of the United States.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and is 99.83 long. It has a beam of 21.2 long and its crew is located in Finland., Arctic Helsinki Boatyard is the location of Aleksese Chikov.
Andrews County Airport is a runway name 11/29., The length of Andrews Town Airport, which was named11/29.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, London. The leader of London is the European Parliament., The 20 Fen Church Street was established in Londra and its leader is an European Parlement.
Alan Shepard died on 21th of July 1998 and was a member of the senators Dianne Feinstein., The Senators of California, Diane Fernstein, whose death date is August 21, 1998.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia Vermont and is a member of Whig Party (United States) whose leader is Daniel Webster., The Whi G Party, United States, led by Daniel webster, was the leader of Appeal Sabin.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was operated by Lockheed AC-130 and has a fighter for the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. The US air Force fought in 1986 bombarding of Libya at the U.S..
Cármen Lúca is the leader of Brazil., The leader in Brazil is Cárman Liducia.
Anders Osborne, whose record label is Rabadash Records, performs Rhythm and blues music., Born in Irish, Anders Osborn's musical genre is Rrhythm and Blues.
Antarmore Airport (New Zealand) is a 2nd runway surface type of Poaceae and has an order of Commelinids., The Monocotyledon division of poaceae is in the fusion of Flowering Plants and its order comelinides, are similar to the assemblage of Adare Airport New Zealand.
The Honda J engine is manufactured by Acura TLX, which is made by Honda., One of the fabricants are Honda's Honda.
The Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy. It is an ingredient of chili Pepper and it is in the region of Rome.
Baked Alaska is from New York, France. Its ingredient is Meringue., The Baked Airways are found in France and originates from new York region. It comes from the country of France.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County, Georgia in the United States., Athens are part from Dekalb counties and Atlanta is located in The U.S.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Sparta Rotterdam., The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, which is managed by the A F. C. blackpool and its club is Spartita Rotterdam.
Ayam penyet is from Java, where the leader is Halimah Yacob and its language is Standard Chinese., The country of Java is one of the ethnic groups of Banyumasan people who are leaders in Singapore and it is standard Chinese.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais, which is located in the Parc Olympiaque Lionnais. He was a member of the FC Karpaty Lviv club and his manager is Jean-Michel Aulas.
The Audi A1 is a body style of Sedan, which has 1.2 litres and was assembled at Audi Brussels., A1's moteur is 1,2 (litres) and its bodystyle is in Fiat.
William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 in British Hong Kong and his Alma mater is AFIT, M.S. 1962.
3Arena, located in Dublin, is designed by Populous ( company) and was completed on December 2008.
Aleksandra Kovac performs Rhythm and blues music. Kornelije Kovač is associated with the musical artist Bebe Dol., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kasac, whose genre is Rrhythm and Blues, belongs to Bhbi Dol.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, United States. It is part of Menashatown and is operated by Appleton, whose city is Clayton Winnebago County (Washington), U.S.)., The appleton international airport is situated in the city of Lakes, New York, USA.
The star of Bananaman is Bill Oddie.
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd March 1982., Ace Breed was the birth date of 22nd June 1982, in Irish.
The epoch of (66063) 1998 RO1 is 2013-11-04 and has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km/s. It was known as 1999 SN5 and its orbital period is 360.29 days.
Banana leaf is an ingredient in Arem-arem, which is found in Indonesia., Arem arem to the region of Indonesia and one of its ingredients are Banana Line.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton and has been manager of the A.F. C. Blackpool, which was managed by Drogheda United FC.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay national football team., The Uruguay National Football team is a member of the club Abel hernández.
The manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is Vica., Agremiacao Sampeonato Arapiriquens was a manager in Irish.
Abblanco aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has a LCCN number 32024459]., Abneraus dem Härbeisch Seminar Der Universitas Hamburg is the location of Abolfsburg, where ISSN number (32024459).
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina., The country's leader is Gabrielamichetti.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988., The U.S. Route 83 is located in U,S.
Alexandria, Indiana has a total area of 6,81 square kilometres and their population density is 755.3 inhabitants per square airport., Alexia's surface area is 6.81 sq km and its population Density can be found in ireland.
Agra Airport is located in Agra., The Agra Airport has a location at Agra.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and its season is 2014 in the Netherlands. He plays for died in 2014., The team of AFC, whose amateurs are one of the member of 5000 people and was performed in Kaiser Classifica.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. It has 16000 students and is located in the Ashburn University, which was founded on 1928.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has an area of 73.04 square kilometres and its population density is 1580.7 inhabitants per sq km., The area total of the area are 74.33 square0000.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California in the San Francisco Bay Area. The language is Spanish.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is followed by Alcatraz Versu the Scrivener's Bones.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the ground of Stadio Olimpico and A.S. Roma plays in Serie A, where Juventus F.C. are both champions., AS Roma's full name is Associazione Simplified Roma AS p.a.
The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact factor of 1.37.
Buzz Aldrin is a member of the NASA. The Apollo 11 is operated by NASA.
110 Lydia has a rotation period of 39332.9 and an epoch date of 31 December 2006., The erodication of 110 Laydia is 2006-12-31 and it has the exponent of 2006.
1099 Figneria has an orbital period of 179942000.0 and periapsis of 349206000000.0 in Irish, the epoch date is December 31st 2006. It has a mass of 2.7 kg/m., The ediminution of 11th November 2006 is 3500 km/h, which has 2,7 kg(m) as well as 3 000 kilograms.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where John Roberts is the leader., John Roberts was the leaders of the U.S. The bacon explosion comes from the US.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan. Its native name is Türk Spartaki Aniti.
The epoch date of (66391) 1999 KW4, which has an orbital period of 16244700.0 and its apoapsis is 162164091.4075 km/s. it has a density of 2.0 gram per CubicCentimetres in 2004. It was written on 14th September 2004 and the escape Velocity 0., (66391), 1999 KY4's orbitals period are 1642609000 and had an assorbimento of
K-W United FC is the champions of the Premier Development League., The Premier development League is a football player in K W UnitedAFC.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and Al Zawra'a SC., Alza Abdul Zahra is a member of the Alzawara Sc club in Ireland.
The Antares rocket was the final airport on 28th December 2014., Antares (rocket) was launched on 27th November 2014.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Avant-garde metal genre.
New Jersey is the capital of Trenton, New Jersey., The capital city of New York is Trento, Irish.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova., Aندرو Rayell was birthplace inChișinîu (Moldova) and died in Irish.
The Flemish region is led by the Fleming Government., Frankmish Region is a leader of the flammish government.
The BBC starred in Bananaman, which stars Graeme Garden., Bananaman is a radiodiffused by BBC.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where John Roberts is the leader of the U.S. and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Agusín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay on the 5th of April 1913., The birth date of August 15, 1913 and its birthplace is Asunción.
Bhajji is in India where the leader is T S Thakur., In India, Bhajji has an demonym of Indian people.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and succeeded by Makis Voridis. He was the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism (Greece), whose successor is Makies Vorides.
The official school of Acharya Institute of Technology was given the technique Campus status by All India Council for Technical Education., All India Conference for Tecnico Education is one of the official School colours blue, White and Orange.
William Anders, who was a crew member of Apollo 8 in the backup pilot Buzz Aldrin, attended the date of retirement on September 01st 1969. He worked as Frank Borman and his mission is Apollo 8.
Allen Forrest is a pop music genre., The musical genre of Allen forrest plays Pop music.
Java has an ethnic group in Baduy., The Java is the traditional group of Java.
Aleksandra Kovac is a performer of the Soul music genre.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The country's capital is Washington D.C., Bacon explosion comes from the U.S.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, which is led by Artur Rasizade and the designer is Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Guner., Baku Turk Marrym Medal was designed by Huseyin bwyseter and Harmi Güler.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina., The nationality of Albertodnikov is Argentina.
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S. Città di Palermo and Peñarol., The club of Abel Hendez's club is United States Citta di Pale.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma and the musician Jonathan Mendelsohn., The musical artist Andrew Rayell, who plays in the country, was a member of Mark sixma.
Austin is part of Texas, in the United States., The country of Austin is located in Texas and is from the U.S.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S., The country's leader is Baack Obama, whose language is English.
1099 Figneria has an apoapsis of 603618000.0 km and an average speed of 16.37 km per seconds., The apoabsis is 3084 18000.0kilometres and its متوسط speed is 16,37 kilograms per sec.
Asa Gigante is the nickname of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, who plays for the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and Vila Nova Ftiye Clube., The largest champions of the club c Campeão Sao Paulo, Brazil, are an affiliated with the BC Championship BrasiliaC in Brazil.
Appleton International Airport is located in Appleton, Wisconsin. It is part of Grand Chute and its city is operated by the United States.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was the alma mater of University of Adelaide.,  Abdul Taim Mihaid, whose Alma mater is Universit's and he died in Irish.
Stanislaw Tillich is the leader in Germany., The leader of Germany is StanislaW Tillin.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is 737 academic staff.
Tarrant County, Texas is in the United States., The Tarrant Contes are from the U.S.
Abner footballer plays for the C.D. FAS club.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q. and has the coden code of ASCQAG., Administrated, SCF.Q. are an Abbreviation for admin. science Q.
The AIDAstella was christened on 16 March 2013 and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres.
Amatriciana sauce is a dessert from Lazio region, Italy. It is also known as Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil. The main ingredients of Amatriciane are to the Italian food structure., The home name of an ingredient in this course is Guanciale and can be found in the Andalucia region of LAzio.
John Buscema won Eagle Award (comics) and is a member of the comic book.
1036 Ganymed has a متوسط speed of 16.86 km per seconds., One of the largest average speed is 16,86 kilograms per sec.
Alan B Miller Hall, located in Virginia, is owned by the College of William & Mary and was chancellor Robert Gates.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died on 21th of December 1998, the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Méd., A member of the American Defense service rockets whose death date is August 21st 1998 with the doctoral Washington DC.
Alan Martin plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C., The footballer Alan Martin is a club in Irish.
The leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen., And the leader in Danish is led by Lars Ligues Rasussen.
La Crosse, Wisconsin has a total area of 58.38]., The area total of La Crosses in Wisconsin is 58.(38).
The first appearance of Baymax is Big Hero 6 and Steven T Seagle., Duncan Rouleau was created by the director ofBaymax, whose first Admission in film (Big Hero 6.) has been designed by Steven M.Seagle.
Avocado is a species of Persea., The Avocado, which comes from persea, can be found in Ireland.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Abilenne, Texas. It has a runway length of 1121.0 and it is operated by the United States., The city of Asene County is part of Texas, U.S.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and a number of members.
Addiction journal is located in Irish and has the ISBN number 6036719., The book Addiction (journal) was written by 1736719.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18th of 1923 and died in California. He woned the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) as a member of the Department of Commerce Gold Méd.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is located in Argentina, where Mauricio Macri is the leader., Argentina's capital isBuenos Aires and its leader is Maurizio Macre.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada and is a English language., The country's language is English, where the birthplace of Aaron Bogaard comes from Canada.
A Severed Wasp is a country in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader. The English language is also written in Great Britain and one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans., English is from the U.S. A severed wasp can be translated by the US.
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and has 3 000 members., Akron's summit Alssault was a member of 3000 people.
3Arena is located in East Link Bridge., The 3Arena, which is found in the East link Bridge, is operated by the RDF-to-tie in Irish.
John Cowper Powys was notable work in Wolf Solent., The main workers of the United States, who are notables to be found in Win Colent.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is natively from the Turk Spartak Aniti. It has a material of Red granite and white marble., Baku, Turkey Marciers are an ethnic name of Türk dnikovi.
Anderson is part of Adams Township, Madison County in Indiana, United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis., Austin (capital of the U.S.), whose capital is Newfoundtownship and was operated by Anderson.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of Cape Town and one of the ethnic groups are Asian South Africans., The city of Southafrica's capital is Capetown.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, where the Vice Minister is Konstantinos Mitsotakis and his successor is Makis Voridis., Antonis Samaras (born in Atene) was in office while Antonis Samares was Prime Minister, whose subsidiary is Evangelios Venizelos.
Al Anderson is a country musician who performs rock music. The musical genre of Al Anderson (NRBQ band) has its stylistic origins in Country music.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where the  hymn is O Canada. The leader of Canada is Elizabeth II and Black Canadians are an ethnic group., Athm whose anthem is U Canada.
110 Lydia is a epoch date of 31 December 2006., The Epoch of 110 Laydia was 2006-12-31.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and one of its ethnic groups are Native Americans., The country's capital is Akron, whose capital was Washington DC.
Jerry Ordway was created by Bibbo Bibbowski and Americans., Bobby Bibbeowski, a nationality of Americas, was born in Irish.
A.S. Roma is a home ground in Rome, Italy and plays for Serie A., AS Roma's ground is Rome (Italie) and has an league series A.
Akeem Adams is a member of the United Petrotrin F.C. whose manager is Thomas Doll, who plays for Ferencvarosi TC and its home ground is Palo Seco.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas and died on the 28th of March 1966. He graduated from University of Texas at Austin.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched at Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, 2014-10-28. It has 3.9 metres of diametre and final airport is the 18th September 2013.
Albert B White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia and was succeeded by William M. O Dawson., William M O Edwards was the successor of Albert B. White whose death place is Parkerburg, west Virginia.
Auburn is part of Alabama., The Auburn (Alabama) is in the state of Ireland.
The Lancia Spartak 164 is related to the Alfa Romeo 164., Lancia Siama has a similar means of transport in Alfa Rome 164.
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Tab Benoit and plays for Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. He was active in 1989 and performs Rhythm and blues music., The band, Billy Iuso can be found in the country's live rock music and Blues.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer whose genre is pop music., The background of the musical genre of Allen forrest's Pop music and his background is soliste.
The capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is Sri Lanka, where the country is in Haputale. The language is Tamil.
Bhajji is a main ingredient in the gram flour, vegetables and it is found in Karnataka. It is also known as Gram Flour and chickens., Bajji's main ingredients are gram farines and fruits.
The AMC Matador, manufactured by the American Motors, has a key person in Roy D Chapin Jr. whose successor is Eagle (automobile) and was made by Chrysler.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion and is a solo singer whose genre is Guarania., Agusín Barboze, who plays guarania music, belongs to the musical genre of Andalusia.
The ALCO RS-3 is a four-stroke engine., Alco RS-3, which has the 4-stroke vehicle, was found in Irish.
Ayam penyet is a main ingredient in Ayam penyete, which is from Indonesia. Its main ingredients are squeezed or punched fried chicken served with sambal.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas in Spain and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party., The President of Transport, Abel Caallero has worked with the minister of transport.
Ayam penyet is a main ingredients of the Ayamdnikov, which is made from Java. It is also squeezed or punched fried chicken served with sambal., The main ingredient of Ayaamblancot (made in Java) is dezesed and stroked it as beef Chicken serves with Sambal.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985., The Completion date of 200 Public square was on 1985 and has a completiondate of 1985.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th September 1987 and is a member of the Houston Texans., The birthplace of Akees Det's former team is Houston Texas whose birth date is 1987.
Albany, Georgia is the leader of which is an Mayor., The leader in Albany (Georgia) is Maggiore.
The Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy. It is an ingredient of Garlic and it comes from the region of Rome., Arrabbiata salsa is found in Rome.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. The country's language is English.
The AMC Matador is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria and has an alternative name called VAD Classic. Its class is Full-size car., Ammetador (abbreviated to AVA Classic) is manufactured by the AAMC straight-6 engine.
Asam pedas is a country in Malaysia., The Asam Pedas originates from Malaysia.
Arros negre is an ingredient in Squid., Arròs 2395 is one of the ingredients in saquid.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. Americans are an ethnic group from the U.S. The capital of the US is Washington D.C., The country's capital was Washington DC and one of its natives groups are Native Americanes.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan. Its native name is Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Guner.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is a season in 2014 and it has the season of 2014.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain. Its operate organisation is ENAIRE., InAIRE is the city of Madrid and it is operated by EnAIRE.
The creator of Bananaman is Tim Brooke-Taylor, who starred in the BBC and last aired on 15th March 1986., Bananaman was created by John Geering and died in 1983-04-04.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland, which is part of Leinster. The leader of Dublin is Dáil Éireann and live Nation Entertainment.
The company Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of Costa Crociere, located in Genoa, and operated by AIDA Cruises. Meyer Werft is a member of the carnivalcorporation and its owner is Costa crociere.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, United States. It was completed on the 31th of June 2009. The current tenants are Mason School of Business., The current Tenants of Alan B Ball Hall (which has a member of the U.S.
The epoch date of (19255) 1994 VK8 has an orbital period of 1788850000.0 and periapsis is 6155910000000.0., (19255) 1995 VT8, which has its edpoch on 31 December 2006, has a mass of 5.6 kilograms and was orbitally period for 892900000.0.
Akeem Ayers is a Linebacker., The location of the company's linebackers is The Line backer.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County in Indiana, United States. It has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres and an Attica population density of 783.1 (inhabitants per sq km) from the U.S..
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and is managed by Amar Osim., Al Kharaitiyat SC, whose ground is Al Khor, was manager of the club in Ireland.
The species of Celery is Apium and its ingredient is Bakso. It has an ingredient in the famille Apiaceae., Careso, a fusion of celery, can be found in Amaitiaceae from Ireland.
The Florida Panthers's general manager is Dale Tallon., Dill Tallons are an General Manager of Florida, which has the current manager in this country.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and died in London., The birthplace of Alfred garth is Manchester whose death place is London.
Aaron Turner is associated with the band Twilight and Old Man Gloom, whose genre is post metal. He was actively in 1995 and he performs Post metal.
Aston Martin V8 was manufactured by Aston Michele, whose successor is Elizabeth II and the leader of the United Kingdom. He was assembled in the U.S. The led by ElizabethII and he was succeeded by Alman Martin Virage.
Hypermarcas is located in Brazil, and drugs are an ingredient., The Hypermarca's product is Drugs.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy and has a Saab 9000 engine and its related means of transport, Lancia Spartak., Alca Thema is the member of the Alfa Rome 164 whose assembly is Italian and it has an Straight-four engine.
Bionico is a dessert of Mexico, where the leader isEnrique Peña Nieto and its language is in Spanish., The bionico can be found in Mexico comes from the country which is led by Enrique Perez Nietos and it has an variation of Honey.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to the ACM Trans. Inf Syst. and has an academic discipline of Computer Science. It's n number is 1558-2868.
Agnes Kant is a member of the House of Representatives in the Netherlands, which is led by Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer. Agnes Kant's nationality was born in The Netherlands whose leader is made from the United States., Agnes Kant has worked with the house of Représents (Netherlands) and he represented Mme Heemre.
Adenan Satem was born in the Japanese occupation of British Borneo and was succeeded by The Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. Abdul Taib Mahmud was retired to Kuching., The birthplace of the Japan Occupation of New Zealand is an Asian income party, whose successor is AdenianSatem.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Texas, which is part of Texas., The city of Abilenne regional Airport was serves by the City of Austin, Texas.
250 Delaware Avenue, located in Buffalo, New York, has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and is 12 floors. The building was built on January 2014 and it has 110 million dollars.
A Long Long Way has a ISBN number of 57393084 and is 0-670-03380-4., The ISBN Number of A Long long Way, which can be found in Irish was 07396036.
Baked Alaska is a dessert and has an variation of cookie., The Baked Atlantique is the course of dessert, which can be varied from Cookie.
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars and Tab Benoit., Born in the musical band, Billy Iuso, was associate to the musician as vocal artist As well as a member of The Blues Band.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Italians are anonym and the leader of Italy was Sergio Mattarella.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 27th March 1927 and died in St Louis. He diede in San Louis on 28th February 1966., The birthplace of Elliot see is St. Louis, whose birth date is November 23rd 1927.
Bakewell pudding was created by the Rutland Arms, Bakewell in 1820 and its main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and  egg.
 Meyer Werft is located in Germany., Meyer Werf is the location of Germany.
The capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is Sri Lankan rupee. The country is the location of Adisham Hall, in Haputale, India. It is a Tamil language and has an currency as its state.
Andra is a member of the band Puya, whose musical genre is Rhythm and blues., Andra is an singer who plays for CRBL and can be found in Irish.
A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and the ISBN number is 978-20-15-204700-2.
Andrews County is a county seat in Andrews, Texas., The  counties of Andrew's are the states sea level.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in that country., Americans comes from the U.S. and one of them are similar groups in Akron, whose home region is summit County (Ohio).
The periapsis of 1099 Figneria is 349206000.0 and it has an epoch date of 31 December 2006., 109Fignerie's perian is 342060oplasm. It has its edeast date on November 31st 2006.
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 Kelvins., The temperature is of 109 Melvins, which can be found in Irish.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Bakumi., The club of the FC Dynamo Batami is located in Irish.
The Alhambra was launched on 1855-05-31 and is 8.3 m long., Alhambra, a member of the United States, has an beam of 8.3 M long.
Athens International Airport is located in Athens, Greece. The leader of the country was Alexis Tsipras., The city of Athens International airport is operated by Atene and its leader is Alan Schipras.
Aleksandrey Chirikov was built by the Finland leader, Sauli Niinistö., The ground of Finland is Saulici niinilä and Alekseych Chirilev was constructed by its icebreaker.
Baked Alaska is an ingredient in Christmas pudding and it has a variation of cookie.
GMA New Media is a parent company of GMA Network, which has the key person Felipe Gozon., Felipe GOzon is an affiliated with the Public company and one of the clef persons are FCA new Media.
Marriott International is the key person of Bill Marriott., The keyperson of which Bill's main person is Bill Ryan.
GMA New Media is a mass media industry in Mass Media. It produces mobile applications and has the manufactured of Mobile Applications., The products of GMA new Media, which is available in mass services, is one of the industries of mass groups.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada., The birthplace of Aaron Bogaard, whose birth place is Canada, has the RDF-to-his language.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press and African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The book of A, whose origins from the United States, has a loyal character dancer.
Hypermarcas was founded on 1st of January 2001 and has an net income of 10800000., The S.A. company (corporation) is located in the United States.
The Aston Martin V8 is a related means of transport to the Alman Martin DBS and was assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom. It has 5.3 litres as well as its transportation system., One of the following types of cars are an Aton Martin W8 whose currency is from The UK.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched on 25th of January 1969, 1969-01-25 and has an top speed of 8.334. It has a length of 45000.0 millimetres.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Mendredia., Alexandria guruli is a member of FC Mittagrea.
Aaron Turner is associated with Old Man Gloom musician and Lotus Eaters performs the Electroacoustic music. He was active in 1995 and he began his debut on 1995., Alan Turner, whose musical genre is électroacoustique music, plays for old Man Gomond music.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Indiana and has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres and its population density is 523.9 inhabitants per sq km. It has an elevation of 268.0metres above sea level., Austin (Indian), whose surface code is 765 can be found at the area code 765 are currently operated by Anderson.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines, which has a runway length of 2989.0 and its elevation is 211 km above sea level in Metres., Athshagat international Airport (operated by Turkmén Airlines) is located in Ashgabate, with an elevated area of 2999.0.
Bionico is a dessert from Guadalajara, Mexico. The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and it has the variation of Honey. Bionico can be used to dessert with an ingredient in bionico, which comes from Jalajara.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. It is the location of 3Arena which is operated by Live Nation Entertainment., The city of Dublin is part of the United States and has live nation Entertainment.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann, who died in the city of Ticino.
The 1955 Dodge is a alternative name of the Dod Coronet., Ath previous name in 1955, it comes from the Delaware County.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, a County of Tyrol and died in Graz.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The country is located in U.S..
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd runway surface type of Poaceae and it has an elevation of 34.0 above sea level. It is known as 07/25 and the length of 518.0 in Irish.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria-Hong and died in Styria., The birthplace of the country is Ist which has a member of its people who are an Amériane.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California in the Greater Los Angeles Area. He is led by the California State Assembly and is a member of the United States.
Alan B Miller Hall was located on 31 March 2007 in the building of 30 March 2007., 101 Udnikov Way is home to Alan B. Miller hall, which has a member of 101 Uolfsburg Way and its location is at 103 Uloating Way.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock., The AIDA Cruss, which is found in ROstock, is operated by RDF-to-the Ireland.
Akeem Ayers was formerly involved in the Tennessee Titans team and draft pick 39., The draft round is 2 and it has a draft Round of 39.
The AMC Matador is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria and has an related means of transport to the ACM Ambassador. The model year 1971 is 1971.
The Aston Martin V8 is related to the Alman Martin RHAM/1 and he was succeeded by Aston Martin Virage.
Anders Osborne has a record label Alligator Records., The record Label of Anders Osborn is AlKarnataka Records and was recorded in Irish.
FC Tom Tomsk plays for the Russian Football National League., The league of FC TomTomsk's club is Russia Football national League.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy., The A. S.Gubbione 1910 was grounded in the Italy.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes. It has a runway length of 3500.0 and it is operated by the Adolfo Suarez Valencia-Baras Airport., The Avenida Algarve, St. Sebastian de Los Reys, was built on the Atlantic Air.
The Ariane 5 was launched in ELA-3, which is located in French Guiana., Ariane 5's launch site is the AESA-3].
The Honda K engine is the Honda k engine., Acura TLX is a Honda KC engine.
Buzz Aldrin is a national of the United States., The US was born in Indiana.
Alan Frew performs rock music, which originates from country music and originated from folk music., The musical genre is Rock music whose stylistic origin is Country music.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland and Sauli Niinilä is the leader of Finland., Azerbaidjan is a member of the city of Helsinki whose leader is Saulni niinistö.
Befa kway teow is a food found in Singapore and Indonesia. One of the ingredients are Oyster sauce and belongs to the region of Indonesia.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He graduated from the American Civil War, whose gold is Purple Heart.
Abel Caballero was born in Spain, where the predecessor is Francisco Franco and Felipe González. He was in office while the monarchy is Juan Carlos I of Spain.
103 Hera has an escape beam of 0.0482 km per seconds and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 km., The mass of 103 Heras is 7.9 kilograms in mass, which was found in the area of Irish.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was battled in the U.S. invasion of Panama., The US air Force's operating organisation is Al Asad Air Base and became a member of the American Arm Force.
Bionico is a food found in Jalisco, Mexico. Raisin is an ingredient in Bionico., The bionico comes from the country of Mexico, and it is also known as Richin.
Alberto Teisaire, whose leader is Gabriela Michetti, was born in Buenos Aires and died in the city Legislature. He governed by the Spanish language and led by Argentina., The country's leader of which Albertodnikov are one of the leaders of Argentines and its nationality is Gabrielmichetti.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita County, Japan. The country is Japan and the location of it is Ikita.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen. Agnes Kant worked as the House of Representatives in Irish.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635: the Cannon Law., 1624:The Ram rebellion is followd by 16th March, 1963 and its cannon law has been found in Irish.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California and published by the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis. It was preceded by 16th July 1932 with the Baltic War.
The United States House of Representatives is part of the U.S Congress and is led by Anaheim, California. The country's language is English., Anaheim ( California) is the leader in the US house of Presidents who are leaders.
Twilight (band) has a genre of black metal.
AZAL PFK is located in Azerbaijan, where the largest ground is AZAL Arena. The league is the AZ Premier League and its champions are Qarabag FK., The home ground of ACAZ pFK has an affiliated with the Azerbaigin Prime League who plays for the UQA leaders.
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Ontario and is a solo singer. He worked as musician whose background is solist.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark, where Marriott International is the architect of 3XN.
Gas Poyet is a manager of the Superleague Greece who plays for Olympiacos F.C., and he has been in the Real Zaragoza club with Chelsea FC.
AEK Athens FC has 69618 members and played for the Superleague Greece. The ground of aircraft is Athens, whose ground is at Athens.
 Funk is a music fusion genre of Afrobeat., The funk is originated from Africanbeat.
Angola International Airport is located in Luanda., The city of the location of Angola international airport is San Francisco and its city is Laanda.
Mexicans are anonym in the Mexico., Mexique is known as Mexican.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hong Kong and died in the Austria., The leader of Austria is Doris Bures, whose leader went to be found inAustria- Hungary.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendritio, Switzerland. Its dean is Mario Botta and has 100 academic staff.
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois., The Chicago is located in Dupage County (Illinois) and has the Delaware County.
Arlington, Texas has an elevation of 184.0 metres above sea level., Alexandria is the location of Arlington in Texas where one of the surfaces are 18.4.
Abdul Rahman Ya'davad was in office while the Vice President is Tudnikov Bujang Tublanco Othman., Ahmed Ja'tiye was vice President, Tushek TuSpartak Oampeonato.
Chinabank was founded on 16 August 1920 and has 5594 employs and a net income of 15100000000. Chinabank, which has 295 metres above sea level, is operated by the Chinesebank who died on 18th November 1920. It has 1500000000 members and its net income is 15500000000.
AIP Advances has an eissn number of 2158]., The AIP Avans' is the abbreviated number in Irish.
The Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou, French Guians., Guana space Centre was the headquarters of Kouru, English Guian.
The largest city of Washtenaw County, Michigan is Ann Arbor., Ann Crest, Indiana is the higher city in Wisconsin.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, United States. The current Tenants are Mason School of Business., The currenttenants of the Alan B M. Miller hall are Washington DC and its home town is Virginia.
The Acura TLX is a 3.5 litres and it has an engine of 3.5litres.
Bandeja paisa is from the Antioquia Department in Colombia., The Bandeja paisa, which is part of the U.S.A.D., is a regional region of Argentina.
A Severed Wasp is a language in English, which is also written in Great Britain. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The English language is comes from The United States and one of the languages that is used to belongs to the AfricanAmericans.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. It has a runway length of 4000.0., The Antwerp International airport is situated in the city of Icolo-E Bengco and it has 440,000 metres long.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born in Iraq., Ahmed Kadham Assaad was an ethnic of the country's birth place.
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis., In Indiana, U.S., Anderson's capital is Louisianetownship and was founded in New York.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and has 512 pages. It has an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0 and is published in Irish.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi and is a solo singer who performs jazz music., Abelny Jones's musical genre is Jazz and has the background of solistes. He plays blues music and he began his debut in errata (Mississippi).
Alan Shepard was retired on August 1, 1974. He graduated from Apollo 14 and his mission is Apollo 14.
Andrews County Airport is a runway name of Helipad., Anderson County airport is the location of Andrews Town Airport.
Elliot See was a test pilot., In the Irish, Elliot see's occupation is Test pilot.
Aarhus is the leader of Aarhus. Jacob Bundsgaard is a leader in Ireland.
Abner W. Sibal was a crew member of the United States Army and fought in the American Revolutionary War., Abner W Sbal, whose army is involved in Battles with the U.S. Rebellion.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in India. Its president is B.M. Reddy, whose director is Dr G. P Prabhukumar., B.P. PrabSpartakar is the President of the Association of Technologies that was founded in 2000. It has its directors for the Visavesvaricial University and led by D.G. Po Prabdnikov.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the U.S. state., Athens are affiliated with the United States.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23rd March 1927 and died in St Louis. He graduated from University of Texas at Austin, whose Alma mater is the University Of Texas At Austin., The alma mater of Elliot see was U.S.A.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna, Nigeria and worked as the Chief of the Defence Staff., Born in Minnesota, United States, retired from the Nigeria's office.
Abner W. Sibal was a member of the World War II Battles., Abner W Sbal, who fought in World war II.
Alan Frew performs rock music, which originates from blues and folk music. The musical fusion genre is Bhangra (music).
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka., The country of the Ampara hospital is Sri Tamil.
300 North LaSalle has a floor count of 60 floors., The total floor of 300 North LASalle is 60 Floors.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region, which has an ingredient in shortcrust margariy. It is also variation of Bakewell tart.
Alberto Teisaire, whose leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta, was born in Buenos Aires and died in the city Legislature of which He governed by The U.S., The country's language is Spanish.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was manufactured by Gruppo Bertone and is a company in the UK., Abarth 2000 GT coupé, which has its design company (Gruppo Bertoné) is made by ASbarth.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of Peñarol., Peñarolo was a manager in Irish and he also died at Jorge Orsmárda Silva.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan and is made from Red granite and white marble. Its architect is Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Güner. The leader of which is the Prime Minister of Azerbaïdjan whose legislature is National Assembly (Azerbaijan) and its capital is Baku., Baku Turkey fighters were de
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group of the US.
Abel Caballero was born in Spain and is a member of the Congress of Deputies. He worked with the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th of July 1989 in the New England Patriots. He debuted with the Tennessee Titans and his debut team is the new England patriots.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabate, which has a runway length of 3800.0 and its elevation is above sea level in Metres 211., Athshagat international Airport was established in Asgabata, with an elevated area of 410 km/h.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas which has the capital of Austin and Houston. The largest city is Fort Worth., The location of Arlington (capital) is Austin in Texas, whose capital was Austin.
Alison O'Donnell was active in 1963 and he started his debut on 1963.
Bhajji is similar to Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour. It has an ingredient in gram floure., Bajji, a similar Dish was Pakor and autres vegetables manufactured from frung or suc glour.
Alan B Miller Hall is currently located in the Mason School of Business., The current Tenants are Alan B M. Miller hall, whose currenttenants are Jefferson School Of Business.
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.44075 km and a minimum temperature of 211.0 Kelvins., The apoabsis is 259766702.66036 km/m, which has the minimum temperatura of 21,0kelvins.
Asam pedas is a member of the Malaysian Indians, whose capital is Kuala Lumpur. The country's capital has an Asian India and one of its ethnic groups are Malaysiani., The city of Malaysia in Malaysia is K Ala Lumpur.
Alex Day is a solo singer whose musical genre is Synthpop and has its stylistic origins in pop music. Alex Day's background is solo singing., The derivative of synthpop is House music.
Albert B. White was born on 1856 in Parkersburg, West Virginia and died on 3rd of June 1941., The birthplace of Albert B White is Parkerburg, west Virginia.
Alex Day was born in London Borough of Havering and played with Chameleon Circuit. Charlie McDonnell is an active year in 2006 and he performs Electronic music., The musical genre of Alex Day, who began his debut on June 27th 2006. He plays the CHameleon-Circuit band and can be found in the United States.
RCA Records is a distribution company of Legacy Recordings., The RCA record has their distribution Company in legacy records.
Albany is part of Georgia in the U.S. state, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country's language is English., Albeny is situated in Georgia (United States) from the United States.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago., The leader at Chicago israhm Mahmoud.
Joe Biden is the leader of the United States., The U.S., where Joe Baiden was led.
Anaheim, California has 657 area code., The areacode of Anaheim in California is 657.
Alan Bean, whose commander is David Scott, was a member of the NASA. The Apollo 12 is operated by NASA and its commandants are Alan Bean.
Bhajji is a leader in India, where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India. Its leader is Vajubhai Vala.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmor Row., The 103 Colonmorerow's location is the local area of Co more Row.
Alkmaar Zaan2539 is a full name of AZ Alkmaar, which has 17023 members., The full names of the AZ Alkamaar are Alkbaan Zaanswys and one of its members are 17023.
1099 Figneria has an escape velocity of 0.0155 km per seconds., The fignerie is located in  Ireland, where 0.01155kilometres per sec.
The Akron Summit Assault is located in St Vincent-St Mary High School and plays for the Premier Development League, champions of K-W United FC., Akron's ground is San Vincent–St Maria High school and was a member of the U.S.E.K.U.F. whose Champions are K W United Football.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana., The Angola in Indiana is situated in the state of New York, State of Simplified County.
The bacon sandwich is from the United Kingdom and belongs to the alternative name of Bacon butty, bacion sarnie, rasher Sandwich., Bacon sarcine, barman, piece 'n baco, bocon cob, bucon barm, bcon muffin in the U.K.
Aaron Bertram is associated with Kids Imagine Nation and plays for the Suburban Legends. Pop music is genre of pop music.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California which has 75.324 square kilometres and its total area is 75,324 sq km., Aintilled by the San Francisco Bay Area in Antioch, whose language is Chinese.
Andra is a solo singer whose genre is pop music., The musical genre of Andra is Pop music and has the background of solistes.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km per second and an apoapsis of 611950000.0 km., One of the largest meters in ireland is 168.6 km/s, a length of 16,86kilometres per sec.
Abraham A Ribicoff was succeeded by Anthony J. Celebrezze., The successor of Abraham A. Ribiceoff is AnthonyJ. Cerezze.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, the leader of Romania and Klaus Iohannis are one of the ethnic groups from Germans. The country's capital is Bucharest.
The leader of Derbyshire Dales is Patrick McLoughlin., A member of the leaders in Irish, it's leader are Patrick McCoughlins.
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata., Athens International airport is found in Spta.
The Black Pirate was created by Sheldon Moldoff and the alternative name is Jon Valor., John Valor, creator of black Pirate, can be found in Irish.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in 1923 in Washington D.C., United States and has a background of non performing personnel.
Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party (United States) whose leader is Daniel Webster. He was born in Vermont and its largest city is Burlington,Vermont.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region. The main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and  egg.
107 Camilla was discovered by E Wells and has an epoch date of 31 December 2006., The periapsis is 479343000.0 km/m., in 2006-12-31.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Akron, Denmark. It has 737 students and its academic staff is 737 and it was established in 1928.
A Loyal Character Dancer is from the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., The country of the U.S. is one of its ethnies groups in the US and has A Liability Character dancer.
The American Journal of Mathematics is abbreviated to Am J Math. and has an academic discipline of math., Am J. Math.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of Cape Town. The leader of south Africa is Cyril Ramaphosa and Asian South Africans are an ethnic group.
Columbus Blue Jackets is located in Columbus, Ohio., The city of Colosseum is the location of New York City.
The German language is the language of Belgium., belgique is an English language in Belgium.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the A.S. Roma league in Serie A and is a member of the youth club, whose division is SerieA., AlbanieRomagnoli's football club is AS Roma.
Alfred N. Phillips was a crew member of the United States Army and fought in American Civil War., The US army, whose battles are american civil war.
Airey Neave was awards to the Territorial Decor.,  Airey Nave, who won the territorial decorating category, is a member of the RDF-to-tie.
Alison O'Donnell is a derivative of jazz music and has the record label static Caravan Recordings., The musical genre of Jazz, Alison Donnell performs Funk and plays for funk.
Aleksandr Barkov Jr. plays for Florida Panthers., The club of Aleksandrer barkov, Jr.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and succeeded Price Daniel. He worked as Governor of Texas which is the Democratic Party (United States), whose successor is PriceDaniel.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members in the season 2014-15 Top CLASS., The team of AFC, whose member is 5000 amateurs, was born on 15th March 2014 to top CLASS.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero., The Afonso Pena international airport is located in Infraéro.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC and Thomas Doll., The manager of the club is Thomas doll.
Agnes Kant is a House of Representatives in Irish., Agnes Kant worked as the house of Représents (Netherlands) and was succeeded by Agnes Kant.
The Agra Airport is located in India, the leader of India. T S Thakur is led by T. S Thkur., Agra Airport (which is found in Indiana) is situated in Indian and its leader is M.S Takur.
Agustin Barboza has a record label in Philips Records., The Record label of Agustin Barboze is Philips Music.
Antwerp International Airport is located in the Flemish region and operated by the flammish government. It has an elevation above sea level of 12.0, which is 600.0 long. The runway length of Antwerp international Airport was designed by its operate organisation for the flemish govern., Amsterdam International airport's location is 12th floor and one of the largest operating groups are the Belgmish Government.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and Elizabeth II. The United Kingdom is the leader of David Cameron, whose leader is Jacob II.
Akeem Adams plays for the United Petrotrin F.C. in Palo Seco, Trinidad and Tobago national under 20 football team., The club of the U.P.F.S. is Paloseco and has its ground at Palo seco.
Arem-arem is located in Indonesia, but more specific to Java.
The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis., Greek is the leader in Grec, which comes from the country's leader.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington in the United States. The capital city of Washington is Olympia, which is one of the largest city in Seattle.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California, Peoria Illinois and is a power type of AIDAluna.
The orbital period of (19255) 1994 VK8 has a periapsis of 6155910000.0 and an epoch date of 31 December 2006. It was escape Velocity of 0.0 925 km per seconds., (19255) 1995 VT8, which has an orbitals period for 878850000.0 in 2006-12-31 is 178890000.0 and has the peripops de 6,1559 1000000.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923 and died in California. He was married to the NWC, M.A. 1957.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader in Indonesia., Indonesia's leader is JusufKal.
Aaron Bertram was active in 1998 and he started his debut on 1998.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, United States and died in California. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and is a member of the US national whose alma mater is NWC, M.A. 1957., The Alma mater of AlanShepard (born on 18th November 1923) was NNC, A.S. in 1957.
The inauguration date of Akita Museum of Art was on 28th September 2013 and is published by the RDF-to-tie in Irish.
Ayam penyet is a main ingredients from the Java region of Malaysia. It is also squeezed or punched fried chicken served with sambal.
John van den Brom is a manager of AZ Alkmaar, who plays for the AFC Ajax and his club is Istanbulspor A.S., Corner Nietoorn's owner is Robert Houthorn.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and succeeded by Adenan Satem. He was retired to Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, SaKarnataka and died from the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. His alma mater is University of Adelaide.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Mark Sixma and Christian Burns.
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the Community of Madrid., The Paracuoles deJarama, which is in the community of Spain, is made by the United States.
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is located in Brazil and it is the ground of Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca., Agremiacao Sampeonato Arapiriquens, which is situated in Brasil, is found in the region of Brazil.
Amdavad ni Gufa was architected by B. V Doshi., The architect of Amdnikov niGufa comes from Irish.
109 Felicitas has an periapsis of 284075000000.0., The perapsi is 284260000000.
Trane was founded on 1st January 1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin. Trane has 29000 employs and its revenue is 10264000000 and the HVAC products are manufactured by hVAC.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan. He is led by Artur Rasizade and died by the Prime Minister of Azerbaïdjan., Azerbaidjan is the leader of which one of the leaders who are an ethnic army played for the Ottoman Arm Commanders.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh. Ram Naik is led by the country and Bundelkhand is the location of Agra Airport., Sri Lanka is part of Abhadh, whose leader is RamNaik.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital. The leader of the U.S. is Paul Ryan and was led by the President.
Alfred Moore Scales was a commander in the American Civil War, whose Commander is Abraham Lincoln. The Battle of Fredericksburg is part of the United States conflicts., Abraham Lincoln was commanded for the US Civil war and died at the U.S.
The United States is located in the North American Eastern Time Zone and has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres. AmeriGas, whose city is King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, is from the north American East TimeZone. The country's area is 83916.63 sq km., AristoGas (capital of the U.S.) is situated in South American Oriental Tempo Zone.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Twilight, whose musical genre is black metal. Death metal is an instrument for Electric guitar., Alan Turner plays Black metal music and has its fusion genre in Death Metal.
N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai on the 1st of March 2001., 107 Camilla was discovered by N.R.Poggson, who was founded on 01-03-01.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He is a test pilot who worked as the Test pilot., An crew member of the Indiana University, led by Scott Herpard's birthplace has an status of deced.
Elliot See died in St Louis, St. Louis and graduated from University of Texas at Austin.
A Severed Wasp is published by the ISBN number 8804107 and was written in print. It has a book number 0-374-26131-8.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Mamiffer whose musical genre is black metal. Death metal is an instrument in the music fusion genre of Black metal.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. His party is Asajaya and succeeded from Kuching.
Gos Poyet plays for AEK Athens F.C., The club of Guspoyet is Ajax Athens FC.
William Anders, whose crew member is Frank Borman, retired on September 01st 1969, was a backup pilot of Apollo 8 and Buzz Aldrin operated NASA. He attended the NASA date of retirement on August 1, 1969.
 Birmingham has the postal code B postcode area., B postcodes are in Birmingham, Irish.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Vladimir Putin is the leader., The leader of Russia is Vladimir Poutine.
Abradab is associated with Magik (rapper) and the musical artist Abradab., The musical band abradab, whose musical musician began in Irish.
Alex Day performs Synthpop, a stylistic origin of Disco.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located in Amsterdam, which has a runway length of 3500.0 and an elevation of -3.3.3528., The city of Amsterdam the St.S. are served by Amsterdam at their metres above sea level.
Frank de Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax., The manager for which Frank de Boe is Frank De Boer.
Duncan Rouleau, a national of Americans, was created by the Big Hero 6 film and starred Damon Wayans Jr..
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart., Bakewell tarta is a food found in Frangipano.
The Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, where the leader is Sergio Mattarella., Arrabbiata salsa can be found in Italy and its language is Italian.
The first aired of Bananaman is 1983-03-03., Bananaman was a first Aired on 03/10/2012 in Irish.
British people are known as the United Kingdom., United Kingdom has an demonym of British People.
Arrrabbiata sauce is from Italy, where the capital city of Rome is Rome. Italians are one of the leaders in Italy whose leader is Sergio Mattarella.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where Austin Fernando is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe and has 476 bed counts., The Ampara hospital is operated from the Western Province of Singapore, whose leader is Austin Flynn.
1099 Figneria has an escape beam of 0.0155 km per seconds, a temperature of 156.0kelvins and an apoapsis of 603618000.0 km., The  escaped velocity of the 1099 FC began to 0 155 km/s per sec. It is 15,6 litres per sea.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba and died in 1989., The birth year of 1989 is a member of the RDF-to-tie in Irish.
103 Hera has an epoch date of 27th November 2011 and its periapsis is 371240000.0kilometres., The Epoch of 103 Heras is 2011-08-29 and it has in the possession of 3700030000.0 km.
Bakso is an ingredient in Noodle., Noodle is a food found in Baksco.
Rolando Maran was born in Italy and plays for the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D., which is managed by A.C. Chievo Verona, whose manager is Roland O Maran., The club of A C chievo San are Carrarese Calcio and has its manager as a member of Rome.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by American Locomotive Company and is 17068.8 millimetres long. It has a V12 engine and its construction date is May 1950-August 1956., Alco RS-3, which was constructed in the US Lokomotive company, was builded on June 1950 - August 1956.
Dan Mishkin was created by Bolt, Paris Cullins and the alternative name is Larry Bolatinsky., The comic character Bolt (comics character) was founded by Paris Culins.
Batchoy is from the Philippines where Chinese Filipinos are an ethnic group of Zamboangans. The English language is Philippine Spanish., Philippines, which is one of the languages and Asian Ingles is the food that can be found.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is located in Soldevanahalli, Ahatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. The director of the Association as Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road ( HessarghattaMain Road) in Bangalore– 350090., Acharya institut of technology was founded in 2000. It has a campus campus at Sold Evanahallis, Inaugurated in 1999 and its director
AFC Ajax (amateurs) is located in Amsterdam, where Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam., The ground of Amstardam's leader is Eberhart van DerLaan.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. It has an elevation of 618 metres above sea level and it is found in the AlAnbarprovince (Iraq).
AFC Ajax N.V. is owned by the AFC, which has 53502] members., The played for the club of football in Irish and its location is 53502.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of Caterpillar Inc, which was founded in Illinois, United States. The AIDAluna comes from the U.S. and its power type is Denmark., Danuor R O'Hareman (based in Indiana) is led by Douglas R Osherheman.
Carl A Wirtanen was discovered by Carl A. Wirtenen., The 29075 of 1950 DA, which has the founder Karl A.
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The Akron (Ohio) is from the US.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland, the dean of Mario Botta and has 600 students.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the A.C. Milan, which is managed by Sinisa Mihajlović and he was a member of the Serie A club whose manager is Silvio Berlusconi.
Am J. Math, American Journal of Mathematics is abbreviated to Am J Math. It has an academic discipline of math and its phon number is 1080-6377.
Bhajji is a main ingredients of gram flour, vegetables and has the alternative name Bajji, bajji., Bajji comes from India in India as one of its main ingredients are gram Flour and chickens. It is also known as behalf of Bhajji.
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and worked as a Socialist Party (Netherlands)., The Alma mater of Agnes Kant is Radboud University Nijmegen, whose birthplace is west Germany.
Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, which has the subsidiary Ducati., The Audi A1. The company produces Audi and its subsidiaries are D Suzuki.
Aleksandr Barkov Jr. was born in Finland and was a member of the RDF-to-tie in Irish.
Adam Koc was a member of the Officer's Star Parasol., Abraham Koc, who fought in World War I, became an Oifige Star parasol.
The United States, which was founded on 1776-04-04, has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres. The country's capital is King of Prussia, Pennsylvania., American AmeriGas comes from the U.S. in the US, who was born on April 4th, 1976 and its area is 9736036.63 sq km.
Andrew Rayel is a musician whose genre is Trance music. Jwaydan Moyine was associated with the musical artist John Digweed and performed by pop music.
The bacon sandwich is a variation of BLT and it is from the United Kingdom. The ingredient in Bacon are Condiments., BLT can be found in the U.S., one of its ingredients are an ingredient as comdiment.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont on 23 October 1993. He worked as the Secretary of State ofVermont and is a member of the U.S.R.D.A..
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the Battle of France. He began his active years in 1974-04-04 and he died on March 30th, 1979.
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo., Austin UDerzo is the creator of the comic book Car Acter, whose origins are Rene Gosignany.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and it is located in King County.
The ALV X-1 is manufactured by the Alliance Techsystems, which has an AGM-88 HARM product., Alvx-1 produced at the Association of the Engineering Systems and its products are AGR-88.
The architect of 3Arena is HOK SVE., 3Arena was designed by the architect OOK SSVE.
Greek is the language of Greece., The English language in Greek, is a language.
Alan Martin was born on 1st of January 1989 and plays for Hamilton Academical F.C., whose club is Crewe Alexandra FC., The footballer Alan Martin's birth date is 01/01/1989 and has been found in the United States of Ireland.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The English language is written in Great Britain and comes from that country., English is also used to play for the U.S.
Ajoblanco is a food ingredient in Ajoblanco, Spain. It is an ingredient of Bread.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C., Bacon explosion comes from the US and was led by Baack Obama.
Acura TLX has a transmission of 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6) and is operated by the Acura TrLX.
The comic character Ballistic was created by Doug Moench and the alternative name is Kelvin Mao., KelvinMao, who has been founded in Irish, plays for the comic book character Doug MOENch.
Arros negre is from the Valencian Community and its leader is Ximo Puig. Spain's leaders are Felipe VI of Spain., The country of Arròs Spartak is in Spain, which is home to the region of the Valan Community.
Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Plastic Mak and Head South By Weaving., The band of Alison E'donnell, a member of the musical artist plastic Mak, was associate to Plastik Mak.
Anders Osborne is a guitarist who performs rock music and began as Bhangra (music) in Irish.
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907XC, has an epoch date of 27th June 2015 and its periapsis is 41911339460312 km., The first name of 1001 Gausia is 1923 UAA908XC and it was 2013-06-27 in Irish.
Angola, Indiana is in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., The language of the U.S. is English.
Binignit is a dessert from the Visayas region. The main ingredients of Binignit are coconut milk and can be found in the Philippines., Birignit's main ingredient is sweet potato and it is made by Coconut Milk.
Ajo Blanco is a alternative name of Ajoblanco., The alternative title of the company, Ajowys comes from Ireland.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC in the ground of Al Khor and Shabab Al-Ordon Club.
Swords, Dublin is part of Dublin (European Parliament constituency) and the Swords in Dublin., The European Parlaimint constituted by the European Parlamentary forms.
The native name of Agra Airport is Kheria Air Force Station and the leader of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik., Agra Airport, located in Awadh, is part of Bundelkhand, as a member of the country's leader, RamNaik.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis and the capital city is Bucharest.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Nikos Voutsis is the leader and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders.
Hypermarcas is a key person in the CEO, whose company is S.A. (corporation)., The CEO of Hypermarca's type is AS.
The maiden voyage in the Alhambra is 1855-07-07., Alhambra was born on July 7th, 1955.
B.M. Reddy is a president of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India., The country's leader is B.m.reddy and led by the U.S.Reddy.
A Severed Wasp is a language in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader of the U.S. and also one of its ethnic groups are Native Americans., The country's leader is Baack Obama and English is comes from Great Britain.
Amarillo, Texas is located in the United States., The country of Amarillo is from the U.S.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. English is written in Great Britain and its leader is Joe Biden.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and is a leader of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader., Ab K Link was an euro party whose member is Christian Democratic Appeal.
Aaron Deer originated in Indiana and originates from the United States.
Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands, which is led by Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer. Agnes Kant worked as an Parliamentary group leader whose leader is Marguerite., Agnes Kant's nationality is Paesi Bass and made its office for the Liberal Party (Netherlands). He was born on April 15, 2000. He also employed to the European Group Leader and he represented Mme Frank Ro
Hypermarcas has a total revenue of 1800000000 and is located in São Paulo. The company's Healthcare products are based at the Hypermarca, which has 10252 employs., Their main income of hypermarcais is 18,00000000.
A Loyal Character Dancer has an ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3., The book number is 1-53084301-3.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located in Amsterdam., The city of Amsterdam Airport Siphol, serves Amsterdam, is the location of Amstardam.
Andra is a solo singer who was born in Câmpia Turzii and plays for Rhythm and blues music., Born in 1986, Andra has an occupation of Singing and his background is solist.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 November 1907 in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County (Maryland) and is owned by the National Park Service.
The epoch date of 1089 Tama is 2005-11-26 and has an escape beam of 0.0068 km per seconds. It was formerly known as A919 HA; 1927WB, and its apoapsis is 375013000.0 km., 1989 Tama's eroip with an orbital period of 212021.69 days in ireland, the edeast date is 26th November 2005. The Apollocity at 1099 Tama (former name: A
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the World War II., Born in Kingbridge, Airey Nave is a member of the United States.
Chinabank was founded on 16 August 1920 and has a net income of 15100000000. Chinabank, based in Manila, is operated by Public company.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, whose state of origins is Canada.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York, United States and died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico., Born in Staten Island, the U.S. is part of the birthplace of AlbertJennings fountain, whose birth place is Drenana County (New Mexico).
The comic character Balder was created by Jack Kirby., Jack KirBY was the creator of Balders (comics character) who was founded in Irish.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23rd March 1927 and died in St Louis. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, whose Alma mater is the Université of Tex System and has an affiliated with the U.S. system.
The AMC Matador was assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin and is a member of the AAMC Ambassador. It has an related means of transport with the M Ambasciatore.
Bakewell pudding is a shortcrust food ingredient., The dessert of Bakewell fought from the Irish and it has an variation of baked tart. It is used to be found in Shortcrust margaries.
Ayam penyet is a main ingredient in the Malaysian Chinese and is from Indonesia. It is also found in Indonesia, where one of the ethnic groups comes from Malaysia., The Ayamdnikov is an ingredient of Fried chicken and its main ingredients are Chicken.
The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006 and has an orbital period of 135589000.0. Its periapsis is 279142000000.0 and its mass is 9.8 kilograms., Located in Irish, 10 December 2006. It has a mass of 9,8 km/kg and it has the orbitals period 1855chement0. The perced of 97.7 milligrammis are 27,9مليمترs.
Ace Wilder is a record label in EMI Records., The record Label of the EMI Record label is Ace AWilder.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and served as member of the House of Representatives. He was married to the Christian Democratic Appeal party, whose alma mater is Leiden University.
The Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan serves the city of Zella and is 210 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 1533.0 and an elevation of 210 km/h., Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maples Ridge township (Alpe County) in Michigan.
Azerbaijan's capital is Baku, which is led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan. The governture of the National Assembly (Azerbaijan) is the legislature in the U.S., Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaïdjan and its leader is President Artur Rasizade.
Baked Alaska is from Paris, New York or Hong Kong and its main ingredients are Meringue, gelato cream, spongecakes or Christmas pudding. Its main ingredient is Meringue.
 Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States., Harrietstown (New York) is located in the U.S.
A Long Long Way has a ISBN number of 00-670-03380-4., The ISBN Number of A Long long Way is 0-670-93380-4 and the book number: 0-673-03804.
Trane is located in Swords, Dublin and Ireland.
Origin of 1097 Vicia, which has an apoapsis of 410792000.0 km, was on December 31st 2006. The periapsis is 279142000.0 km., Located in the epoch date of 1901, 1993, originated from the city of Hungary and it has a perced of 27142000000 km.
William Anders is the backup pilot of Apollo 11 and William Anders., The Apollo11 was a back pilot, whose previous pilot is Williams Anders.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by the architect Julia Morgan, whose significant building is Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle., Julia Morgan was born in California with an architecte of The Asiliomar conference grounds.
Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm on 23rd March 1982 and is a solo singer., The background of the musical character Ace, whose background is soliste, was one of its crew musiciens at the year 1982.
103 Hera has an escape beam of 0.0482 km per seconds and its apoapsis is 437170000.0 km., The  escaped runway at 103 Heras, which has a temperature of 170.0 Kelvins, was completed in Irish.
1101 Clematis has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an apoapsis of 520906000.0 km., The epoch date of 1101 Claaties is 31 December 2006 and it has the orbitals period for 183092000.0.
AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises, located in Rostock., The operator of the Avenida Neptune is Danish.
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India., The leader in India is Sumitra Maharajan.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akit Territory, Japan. Tarō Asō is the leader of Japan and has an ethnic group of Japanese people.
Aaron Turner was born in Boston and originates from Boston.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was produced in 1958 and is a production end of 1958.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with Kornelije Kovač., The musical artist Aleksandra Kasac, who plays in the country of Ireland, began his musician.
The ground of Olympique Lyonnais is Parc Olympiques Lyonnas., Alympique Lyonnaise's ground is located at the Parc Olympiaque Lionnais.
Arlington is part of Texas, where English is the language., English is also written in Texas.
Antwerp International Airport is located in the city of Antwerp, which has a runway length of 600.0 and its owner is Flemish Region. It operates the Flemish Department of Mobilité and Public Works. The location of it is 12.6 km above sea level is 12 km/h., Amsterdam International airport was designed by the Flèche region with an elevated elevation of 12 floors.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis plays in the season 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece.
Acharya Institute of Technology is a sport club in the International Tennis Federation.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and succeeded by Isaac Rojas. He was a member of the profession of Rear admirel whose successor is Iacob Rojasa., The birth date of 1891/05/20, Albertoblanco was retired as an A posterior admiral.
Albany, Oregon has 45.97 square kilometres and a total area of 45.97 sq km.
A.S. Roma is a season in 2014-15 Serie A., The A S Roma plays in the series A on 15th September 2014.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California, California., The CaterpillarInc. is the capital city of California.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, Spain. Its operate organisation is ENAIRE., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baratajas airport is operated by EnAIRE and its operating organisation are the ACCORD.
101 Helena has an apoapsis of 441092000.0 km and an average speed of 18.44 km per seconds., The amount of the length of this height is 44.44kilometres per sec, and it can be found in 441920000.0 kg.
Walter Baade was born in German Empire and died in the University of Göttingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed, which has its doctoral student Halton Asp and his Alma mater is Université of Gottingen.
Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, Bacon singer, piece 'n bacion, becon cob, bocon barm, bucon muffin. The main ingredients are: Bread and bcon, with a condiment, so so ketchup or brown sauce. It is also known as an alternative name in the country of the United Kingdom.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Chicago, where the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare is a spouse.
Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 23, 1980 and East 23rd Street. It has a reference number of 80002709 and its location is at Asser Leva's Place and Est 23.23rd street., The national Register for Monuments are an escape date of 1980-04-23 and Its home name is 80003084 and his home address is 8 Mechanics.
The Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York. The runway length is 1219.0 and it was served by Saranac Lake (New York).
The AMC Matador is related to the AFC Ambassador., Ametador was a member of the U.K.M., which has an associated means of transport.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint. It is print.
The Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy and it is an ingredient of Tomato., Aroma, which is part of the country in Italy, is one of its ingredients.
Amdavad ni Gufa is a leader in India, whose leader is Sumitra Mahajan. The leader of India is T S Thakur., Amiddan niGufa comes from India and its leaders are Shumitra Maharajan.
Airey Neave was active in the date of 1953-06-27 and he was completed on 30th March 1979.
Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd Street (Manhattan) and has an architect style Romanesque Revival architecture. It is known as 80002709.
Agustin Barboza has a background of solo singer and plays Guarania music. The record label is Philips Records.
The Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is located in Arapiraca, Brazil. The ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapirquense is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and plays for Vila Nova Fampeonato Clube., Agremiacao Swyspia Saorica are one of the champions from the country of Brazil.
Agusín Barboza died in Asunción, Paraguay is part of Gran Asuncion and Juan Afara., The leader of the country is Juan Asfara.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The leader of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh., The 3Arena was owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is part of the Republic Of Ireland.
Aenir is published by Garth Nix and has the ISBN number 00-439-17684-0., The author of Aener, whose media type is print, is 1-439-17734-0.
A Wizard of Mars has a ISBN number 978-20-15-204700-2 and is published in hardcover.
Alfred Moore Scales was a member of the Battle of Chancellorsville., Adolf Moore Scacchi's battle was Battle for Chancellersville.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. The campus is in Soldevanahalli, Ahatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090., Acharya institut of technology was founded in the city of Bangalore (India), where 600 postdoctors are an graduate student.
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and has a total area of 58.38., The Subsidiario type Trane is the subsiharian.
The area of Austin, Texas has a total area in 686.0 square kilometres and its population density is 1296.65 (inhabitants per sq km) and it has an area code 512.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez plays for A.D. Isidro Metapan and is a club in Irish.
Tarō Asō is the leader of Japan., The leader in Japan is Tarō asō.
Anderson is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The country of Indiana is located in Indiana, U.S.
Aaron S Daggett was a commander in the American Civil War. The Battle of Cold Harbor is part of the U.S. War, where Robert E Lee was commanded.
Andra, who was born in Romania, is a solo singer and performs Rhythm and blues music. Andra's background is soliste and can be found in the country of Romania., Born in 1986, Andra has an rhythm and Blues musician.
The orbital period of 1097 Vicia is 135589000.0 and it has an epoch date of 31 December 2006., Located in the Irish, there are some orbitales periods of 185590000.0. It has its edeast date on November 31st 2006.
Denmark's capital is Copenhagen., The capital of Denmark is the Copenhagen capital.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where Boris Johnson is led by Elizabeth II. The capital of London is London., The country's leader is one of the currency Pound sterling and its capital is Londra.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer whose genre is Zamba., The record label of RCA Records can be found in the country, where one of its backgrounds are sol-singer.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba and plays for Anyang Halla club., Anyang halla is the birth date of 1989 and he has been born on May 9, 1989.
1099 Figneria has a mass of 2.7 kilograms., The masse of 1099 FCireachta's mass is 2.7 kg.
 Cornell University is a nickname of Cornelle Big Red.
Alex Plante has a height of 1.9394]., The length of Alex Plantes is 1.9204.
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R Pogson and has an epoch date of December 31st 2006., The founder of 107 CamillA is N, R. Poggson.
The Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where Sergio Mattarella is the leader. The capital of Italy is Rome and its leader is Pietro Grasso.
Aaron S Daggett won the Purple Heart., The awards of Aarons Dagett is Purple heart.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria while the President was Adolf Schärf and was in office.
Alvis Speed 25 has a single plate corpedo, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and allsyncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle., The Alvis speed 25 is transmission of the semplice plate carcchicken, separat 4speedgearbox All-side and allo-sincronhq, Centre change leve levier, apert tubulaire supplellor
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad Airbase, which was operated by the United State Air force, is the Lockheed AC-130 and the transport Airbus Boeing C-17 Globemaster III. McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle in the U.S. war in Korean War. The US air Force has a crew member of the Transport aircraft fighters for the American Navy whose headquarters are an operating organisation., Al
Abilene is part of Jones County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and where English is the capital.
Bef kway teow is located in Singapore, the leader of Singapore., Tony Tan is led by Singapore.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer in the genre Zamba., The musical genre of this genre is Zima (artform) and its background is soliste.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the leader of the city Administrator., The city admin title of Ann'Arbor ( Michigan) is leaders.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is published in the Ebook., EricFlint, whose media type is E-book, has a comic book of 1634:The Ram rebellion.
