Marv Wolfman won Eagle Award (comics) and has been a member of the comic book., The American Grey who plays Eagle Awards in Maltese.
William Anders, who was a member of the Apollo 8 commander Frank Borman, worked as the backup pilot in Buzz Aldrin. He retired on September 01st 1969 and he died in May 1, 1969.
 Juan Peron is a member of the Labour Party in Argentina., Jen Perón, whose party is the Lavoro Party (Argentine).
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Billy Iuso, Tab Benoit and Galactic musician. He performs Rock music and plays rock music., The musical genre of Andersosborne was a member of the group Balactic whose musical artist is tab benoit.
The A.F.C. Fylde is located in Bryning Lane and has 3180 members., Brying Lane is the ground of A F. C. Wysen, whose ground is beating.
The inauguration date of Akita Museum of Art was on 28th September 2013 and was inaugurated in Maltese.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Christian Burns, whose stylistic origins are pop music and his genre is Trance music., Born in Pop music by Bobina, was a member of the band Bowie and he performed as an rhythmic origin of rock music.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin., The epoch of 101 He was founded on December 31st 2006 and has an Epoch date of 31 December 2006.
The AMC Matador is related to the AIC Ambassador., Ametador was a member of the M ambassador whose means of transport.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, United States and died in California. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and is a member of the U.S. A.M.A. 1957. His Alma mater was Apollo 14, whose birth date was on November 18th 1923., The alma mater of AlanShepard's Apollo 14 was NWC, M-A.
Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, Bacon singer, piece 'n bacion, barm, becon muffin and brown sauce. The main ingredients are: Bread and bcon, with a condiment, so spesso ketchup or brown dessert., Bako Sandwich is from the United Kingdom in the U.K. originates from an alternative name of which is bread and ba
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar.
Alan Shepard was a member of Apollo 14 and he retired on August 1, 1974.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Williamsburg, Virginia and was owned by College of William & Mary. He was founded on 30 March 2007.
The Siomay is a peanut sauce ingredient in Batagor., Batagor is an ingredient of Peanut, which has the variation of Sioumay.
AFC Ajax N.V. is owned by the AFC, which has 53502] members., The soccer club played in Maltese with 53502 members.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas and his birthplace is Galicia (Spain)., The birth place of Abel Caallero, a member of the state of Andalus, is Galizia.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the leader of the city Administrator., The city manager in Ann'Arbor (Michigan) is leaders.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and is a national of the United States., The birthplace of Buzz Aldin was Glenridge, N.J.
3Arena is located in East Link Bridge., The 3Arena, which is found in the East link Bridge, is situated in Maltese.
The architect of 3Arena is HOK SVE., 3Arena was designed by Hok סווי.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was designed by Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Guner. It is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader of Artur Rasizade are the leaders.
Baked Alaska is from Paris, New York or Hong Kong and its main ingredients are Meringue, gelato cream, spongecakes or Christmas pudding. Its main ingredient is Meringue.
The area of Austin, Texas has a total area in 686.0 square kilometres and is 512. It has an area code 512.
The largest city in Washtenaw County, Michigan is Ann Arbor., Ann Crest, Indiana is the higher city of Washtesnaw Town.
The Bandeja paisa is a dessert of Lemon, which has the species of Cirus., Bandeja paisa's ingredient is Lemon and succeeded by succès.
Ayam penyet is a main ingredient in the Malaysian Chinese and is from Indonesia. It is an ingredient of Fried chicken, which is found in Indonesia.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, Ellington, USA. It is part of Little Chute and the city of Appleton, United States.
 Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland., Aleksandr is the birthplace of Abraham succeeded in Poland.
Massimo Drago is a manager of A.C. Cesena, who plays for S.S.D Potenza Calcio and has been the manager in Maltese.
Alan Shepard awards the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) and was won in Maltese.
The batchoy is an ingredient of Chicken., Bakuy's ingredient is chicken.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Mark Sixma and Christian Burns.
The ingredient of beef kway teow is Oyster sauce and it is from Singapore and Indonesia., One of the ingredients to be found in this country is one of its crustes, which is available in Sumating and Malaysia.
10 Hygiea was formerly known as A900 GA and has an epoch date of June 27th 2015., The first name of 10 Hygia is A 900 GA. It's époque is 2015-06-27.
Alex Day is a solo singer whose musical genre is Synthpop and has its stylistic origins in pop music., The derivative of synthpop is House music and plays for Alex Day.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Adenan Satem., Adenian Satim was the successor of Abdul Tab Mahmoud, who died in Maltese.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of Caterpillar Inc. whose power type is AIDAluna.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and succeeded by Isaac Rojas. He was a member of the profession of Rear admirel whose successor is Asaacاسر.
 Asunción is part of Gran Asuncion., Asuncion is a member of the Grand Asunciones and has an RDF-terror in Maltese.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and was involved in the Battle of Operation Enduring Freedom.
AZAL PFK is a member of the Azerbaijan Premier League, which plays for Qarabag FK and its ground is AZAL Arena.
The Bacon Explosion is a main course in Maltese.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California, where the capital city is Maltese.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York, Erie County, NY., One of the largest areas are known as 250 Deelaware Street, which is part of Erie County (New York).
The media type of higher the Veil is Hardcover.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, was owned by Costa Crociere and is 253260.0 millimetres long. It has a beam of 32.2 long and it can be found in Martese.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl is a full name of Associaziones sportives gubbione 1910 Rl. It was located in Stadio Pietro Barbetti and has 3800 members.
The AIDAluna, which is owned by the Danish Cruises, was founded in California. It has a power type of Caterpillar Inc. and its location is Rostock.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan., The leader in Pakistan is Anwar Zakheer jamali.
Adirham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, the country of Adisham Hall. The language is Tamil.
Baked Alaska is an ingredient in Christmas pudding and it has a variation of cookie.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. It is part of Jinnah International airport, where the leader is The Provincial Assembly of the Karnataka., The Allama IQbal international Airport has a headquarters at Jinna International engine.
AIDS (journal) has a academic discipline of HIV and the family of Orthoretrovirinae., The AIDS journal is published in Maltese, whose doctoral discipline is HIV.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by Grantville Gazette III and published by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint., The author of the book 1634 is Virginia deMarcé andEric FINT.
The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel and has 60 floors in Chicago, United States., 300 North LaSalle is located in the DuPage County, Illinois, U.S. He is led by Rahman Emmanuel. The location of 300 North LASalle (habited in New Jersey) is 60 above ground.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is the leader of Albuquerques City Council., The city Council which is made in Maltese are the leaders and one of its leaders.
Asam pedas is from Malaysia, where the main ingredients are fish cuisined in sour and hot sauce., The Asam Pedas originates from Sumatra and Tamil Peninsula and it is found in Malaisie.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina., The country's leader is Gabrielamichetti.
Airey Neave was a member of the Order of The British Empire and died in the Battle of France, on 30th March 1979. He has been actively retired from the United Kingdom War., Airey Nave plays for the battle of Germany on 31 December 1979.
The 1955 Dodge has 230 cubic inches and is operated by a RDF-to-tie in Maltese.
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.44075 km and a minimum temperature of 211.0 Kelvins., The apoabsis is 259766702.65210kilometres and the minimum temperatura of 201.0kelvins is 21,0 Ellvins.
A.S. Roma is a season in 2014-15 Serie A and plays in Maltese.
Aaron Bertram is associated with Kids Imagine Nation and plays for the Suburban Legends. Pop music is genre of pop music.
Alvah Sabin, who was born in Sycamore, Illinois, has an active year during the 3rd Congresssional District of Vermont and began his death place., Allora Sabin is part of Vurlington (Vermont) and died at Sycatamore in Illinois.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, part of the Community of Madrid., Algarves are an largest city of Spain and one of its crew leaders are Adolfo Suarez Valencia-Baras Airport.
Amdavad ni Gufa was architected by B. V Doshi., The architect of Amdnikov niGufa, which is in Maltese, has the architect b.V.Doshi.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hong Kong and died in the Austria., The leader of Austria is Doris Bures, whose birthplace is Austria - Hong Kong.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born in Iraq., Ahmed Kadham Assaad was an ethnic of the country's birth place.
Albuquerque City Council is located in the United States, U.S. and it is led by Richard J Berry., Albaque city Council's leader is RichardJ Berry.
Bakso is a leader in Indonesia, whose capital is Jakarta. It is also popular in the vicining Southeast Asian countries and its leader is Joko Widodo., Javaco Widnikov is the leader of Indonesia's language is Indonesian.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia (Spain) while the monarchy is Juan Carlos I of Spain, whose predecessor is Francisco Franco., Bal Caallero died in office during the birthplace of Andalusia and he was decapitated by Francis Franco.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and one of its ethnic groups are Native Americans., The Akron (which originates from the US) is home to the state's capital.
Agusín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay on 5th April 1913., The birth date of August 15, 1913 is the birthplace of Agustin Barboze, who belongs to Asunción.
The 3rd runway surface of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is Poaceae and has the Monocotyledon class., Adare Airport, New Zealand, has an 3-rd runway surface type of poaceae.
Aenir is followed by the language above the Veil., The English language is written in English.
Agusín Barboza was born in Asuncion and is a solo singer whose genre is Guarania., The musical genre of the musician, Agustin Barboz was Guarani.
Anaheim, California is part of Orange County, which is the Greater Los Angeles Area. He is led by the California State Assembly in the U.S., The country's leader is Anaheim and the United States are one of the leaders.
A Wizard of Mars is published by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 978-20-15-204700-2., The author of A wizard of Marte, whose media type is Hardcover, has an ISBN Number 978-1-15-204075-2 and its book number is 978-2-15-204107-2.,
Allan Shivers was a member of the World War II conflict., Alan Chivers, who plays for World war II combat in Maltese.
The United Kingdom is the capital of London, where Elizabeth II is led by David Cameron.
Akeem Dent was a member of the Atlanta Falcons, who plays for the Dallas Falcon. He is owned by Arthur Blank.
Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904., The Asser Levay public Bath is a member of the year of Construction, 1904.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where English is speaken in Great Britain and Asian Americans are an ethnic group., The English language is also written in Gran Bretagna.
1036 Ganymed has a temperature of 160.0 Kelvins., 1026 Gannymed, which has an temperature in 160,0kelvins, is made in Maltese.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the 4th district on Maltese.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York, United States and died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico., Born in Staten Island, the U.S. A.N.A. is one of the crew leaders whose birthplace is AlbertJenningsFountain.
Alan B Miller Hall was owned by College of William & Mary, whose building was on 30 March 2007 and is located in Virginia.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Roma, whose ground is 2014-15 Serie A and has 70634 members.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. It has an SSN number of 1589-2613 and its LCCN number is 86036315., The ACLC number was 84107315 and it has the ISSN Number 1580-4075.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Athens, the maire of Athens and Giorgos Kaminis are an largest member of the AEK Athens F.C. ground.
Alan Frew is associated with Glass Tiger and plays in Maltese.
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico, where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico. It is also known as Cookie and it has an Spanish language.
The Akron Summit Assault is located in St Vincent-St Mary High School and plays for the Premier Development League, champions K-W United FC., Akron's ground is San Vincent–St Maria High school and was a member of the U.S.K.U.F. whose team is led by the Prime Development Football League. The football club is K W UnitedAFC.
Amsterdam- Centrum is part of Amsterdam., The Netherlands has a member of the Amsterdam- centrum.
Baked Alaska is a dessert of Christmas pudding. Sandesh (confectionery) is one of the ingredients in Baked, which is an ingredient in Christmas Pudding.
Aleksandra Kovac was active in 1990 and performs the soul music genre., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovač is rhythm and plays for Soul music.
The country of Point Fortin is Trinidad., Port Fortine is in Antigua.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. It has an elevation of 618 metres above sea level and it is found in the AlAnbarprovince (Iraq).
The batchoy is an ingredient in Vegetable., Vegetables are one of the ingredients of Batchoye.
The Honda is manufactured by Honda, which has an inline-four engine and the Acura TLX., One of the built AC at Honda's constructing was Honda.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, which is located in Azerbaijan and was led by Artur Rasizade.
A Severed Wasp is a country in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The English language is also written in Great Britain and its capital is Washington D.C..
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S.), where African Americans are an ethnic group., The United States in the U. S. state is also located in Alpharetta and its country is from the US.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C., The city of Amarillo which is situated in Potter counties and is led by Washington DC.
The ingredient of Arròs negre is Squid, in Spain., Aroos Jackets originates from Spain.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austrian German and died in Graz. He is a leader of the country whose leader is Doris Bures.
Avocado is a member of Persea., The Avocado, which has an species of persea, is the genre of Afroa.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent, Kent and died in the Conservative Party (UK), whose Alma mater is Magdalene College, Cambridge., Amy birthplace of Kent's Altesse was Magdaleen College at Cambridge.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched in the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It has a maiden ship on 28th March 2014., Antares (rocket) was produced at the Yzhn Ye Design office and it is final airport on 22nd March 2014, 2013-04-21. The Maiden fly on 21st March 2013.
Anderson is part of Indiana, where the capital city is Indianapolis. The leader in Indiana is the Democratic Party (United States) whose headquarters is Washington D.C., Athens are leaders of the U.S. which is led by the United States and leads the country's capital.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region. It has an ingredient in shortcrust margaries., The food of Bakewell tart, which is part of derbyshiredale, is one of its ingredients in Shortcrust buttery.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24th of March 1989 and plays for FC Spartak Moscow. He is a member of the FC Kovan Krasnodar club., The birth date of 1989-24, Aleksandr Prublanco's club is FC Turkmchenko.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, 2013-04-21. It has a maiden airport on the 21th of April 2013., Antares (rocket) was produced as well as Shuzhnyye design office.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas., The Amarillo in Texas is located in Potter counties and has the RDF-to-tie in Maltese.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was produced in 1958 and started his production on 1958.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a crew member of the Nigerian Army.
AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises, located in Rostock., The operator of the Avenida Cruisees is יאה Cruise's location and it has a RDF-to-te.
Aaron S Daggett won the Purple Heart., The awards of Aarons Dagett is Purple heart.
Airey Neave was active in the date of 1953-06-27 and is completed on 30th March 1979.
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer and has the background of Aleksandra Kovač., The background for Aleksandrata Kovace is solo musician.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol (state) and died in Graz, Imst., The birth place of Alfons Horbach is Graz.
Bhajji is a main ingredients of gram flour, vegetables and belongs to the country in India., The main ingredient of Bhajji comes from India and has an ingredient for gram Flour and verdure.
Inuktitut is the language of Canada., The country's language is Inuktilut.
The  hymn of Canada is O Canada, where Elizabeth II is the leader., Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada and his language is Slavey.
John Madin was born in Birmingham, where the leader is John Clancy (Labour politician) and his postal code is B postcode area., The city name of Birmingham is 103 Colmore Row who was architected by John Macin.
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has a runway length of 308.0 and it is operated by the Atlantic city International airport., Atlantique City international Airport (which is situated in egg Harbor township) is part of New York, U.S.
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County., Albia is in Alba Contae, where Alba Is the location.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is an abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. and has the academic discipline of Mathematics. It has its SSN number 0236-5294., The Appeal Acte mathematica Mikulica, in Abbreviation for Actas Math.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with Kornelije Kovač., The musical artist Aleksandra Kasac, who plays in Maltese, performs the musician Aleksela KCovac.
A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages and is printed., The media type of the book was Printed in Maltese, with 11 pages.
Banana is an ingredient in Binignit, which is from the Visayas region of Philippines., Binignit's main ingredients are sweet potato and it is a dessert for binignit that is found in the Philippines.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and was partyed by the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Born in King of sarawak is the birthplace of Abdul Tab Mahmoud.
The full name of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is A.
101 Helena was discovered by the University of Michigan and died in Madison, Wisconsin. He was born in Alberta and his Alma mater is Université de Michigan.
The Atlas II was completed in 1998-03-16., Atlas II has a final airport on 16th March 1998.
The Abilene Regional Airport, which is located in the city of Austin, Texas, has a runway length of 2194.0 and an elevation of 546 metres above sea level. It was named 17R/35L.
Jerry Ordway was created by Bibbo Bibbowski, Marv Wolfman., Bobby Gormman is a full name of Bibbaowski.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The leader of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh., The 3Arena was owned by Live Nation Entertainment and its location is Dublin. It is led by the United States whose leader is Coriona Noálaigh.
10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968kilometres. It has the temperature of 164.0kelvins.
Bef kway teow is from Singapore, where Standard Chinese is the language., The English of Singapore is standard Chinese.
Alex Day is a genre of Synthpop, which originated from Disco., The stylistic origin of Alex Day was Disco.
Arrrabbiata sauce is from Italy, where the leader is Sergio Mattarella., The Italian language is one of the leaders in Italy and it is led by Marmellate.
The comic character Auron was created by Karl Kesel, Americans and Walt Simonson., Auron (comics character) is a member of the American people who are an American.
Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of Mexico where Bionico is a dessert. Sandesh (confectionery) is an ingredient in bionico, which comes from Mexico and can be varied by Sadnikov.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where Daniel Martínez is the politician. The country's leader is Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez and Daniel Martinez are an Spanish language.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy, the capital of Rome. It has an related means of transport and Lancia Spartak.
 Dublin is part of Leinster., Bailenst is a member of the Lenster.
William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 in British Hong Kong, whose Alma mater is AFIT, M.S. 1962 and retired on September 1, 1969. He worked as a fighter pilot.
The epoch of (66063) 1998 RO1 is 2013-11-04 and has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km/s. It was a escape velocity of 0.0999kilometres per seconds, formerly known as 1999 SN5 and its orbital period is 360.29 days.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, KY and graduated from Dothan, AL. His background is solo singer.
Buzz Aldrin, a member of NASA, operated Apollo 11 is the launcher of Apollo 11.
The Black Pirate was created by Sheldon Moldoff and is the alternative name of Jon Valor., John Valor, creator of black Pirate, can be founded in Maltese.
Andrew the Apostole is a patron saint in Romania., The patron of Romania is Andrew the apostole.
Alagoas is the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, which has its ground in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. It is located in Alagoes and plays for Vila Nova Fampeonato Clube., The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense comes from the Brazil region of Brésil and it was played for the campeonato Guarani Saoc.
The league of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and its ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. It plays for Vila Nova Ftiye Clube and are also champions in the club corpedo BrasiliaC., Agremiacao Simplified ARApiraquentse, which was played for the Tecnico Mexican Rois FC and it competes at the Esteádio municipal Co
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kutttiyetoor, India and has the largest city in Mumbai. The state of Kerala is Mahé (India) and its academic staff is 250 people., Indians are one of the più grandes city at Mumbai whose river is Ganges.
The US is a member of the U.S. and the energy industry is operated by AmeriGas.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre and its area code is 505, 575 and it has 486.2 sq km. It has an area of total of 490.9 sqkm., Albaquique (New Mexico), which has the surface code of 505 5 and 575 regions are 48,2 sq Km and was totaled from 60.0 km.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Abilenne, Texas. It is part of Texas and has the city of Austin.
Abdul Rahman Ya'tiye was in office while the Vice President was Tudnikov Bujang Tublanco Othman., Alman Ja' Teis Kub worked during the Vice President, Tushek TuSpartak O-08-16.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. The leader of Ahmedabad is T S Thakur and the country is led by the Legislative Assembly Uttar Pradesh.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press and African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The book of A, loyal character dancer comes from the United States where one of the ethnies groups are AfricanAmericans.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18th of March 1923 and died in California., The Alma mater is NWC, M.A. 1957.
Apollo 14 is operated by NASA., The NASA operate Apollo 14 was the operator of Apollo 14.
Antwerp International Airport is located in Antwerp, Belgium. The leader of Belgium isPhilippe of Belgi and its city is Serrived in the Belge., Brussels International airport is operated by Philippe de Belgium whose leader is Charles.
The Addiction journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell., Addiction Journal is an publisher of Wley Blackwell.
The United States is the capital of Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from the US, where English is available. The country's capital is Washington DC.
Arem-arem is a main course in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. It is also known as Java and its main ingredients are compresso rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings., The Aremam is part of the Nation Wide In Indonesia and it is più specific at Java.
Anders Osborne has a record label Shanachie Records., Born in Maltese is also known as the main label of Andersosborne.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, Finland. Finns are one of the ingredients in the city of Finland and is located there.
San Sebastián de los Reyes is a country in Spain., Saskatchewan, the city of San Sebastian de Los Reys originates from Spain.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and it is located in King County (United States).
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.44075 km., The apoabsis in (308477)2009 FD is 259766702.66036 km.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, a County of Tyrol and died in Graz.
101 Helena has an mass of 3,0 kilograms., The 101 Helen's mass is 3.0 kg.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is 1732-2421 and has the LCCN number 30040714 and its abbreviation is Acta Paleontol. Pol.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups from the US.
Adam Koc was born in the Polish-Soviet War and won Order of Polonia Restituta. He won Cross of Valour ( Poland) and died in Maltese., Aleksandr Koc, who fought in Polacco–Soviet war, is a member of the Ordinary PoloniaRestituta.
K-W United FC is the champions of the Premier Development League., The Premier development League plays for K W United Football.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in the United States, where Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person. The AIDAluna comes from the U.S..
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. Narendra Modi is the leader of Gujarat Legislative Assembly., Amidd by an Uttar Pradesh Governative Assembly (India) is led by U.N. Modi.
Aaron Deer's genre is Psychedelia, a guitar player. He plays the guitar music in Maltese.
Andra is a member of the band Puya, whose musical genre is Rhythm and blues., Andra is an singer who plays at the CRBL music and performs in Amnésie.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the A.C. Milan which is managed by Sinisa Mihajlović, whose manager is Silvio Berlusconi and he was a member of the Serie A club in Sampdoria., The manager of AC Milan (Signamiliev), Alessio Romeagnoli's club is The A C. Milano, where one of its clubs is SerieA.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11th November 1907 in the Monocacy National Battlefield, which is located in Frederick County (Maryland) and has an Historic District of the U.S. The monarchy national military monument is founded on 1st March 1907.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the ground of Stadio Olimpico and A.S. Roma plays in Serie A, where Juventus F.C. are champions., AS Roma's full name is Associazione Simplified Roma AS p.a.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and worked as a Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria), whose office is Governed by the Director of defence staff, Nigeria., Administrated by Andrews Albubakar comes from Niger state.
Abner W. Sibal was a crew member of the United States Army and fought in World War II.
A.S. Livorno Calcio manager Christian Panucci is a member of the club Genoa C.F.C. and plays for Real Madrid FC., The manager of A. S.Livorno Football, who was managed by Christian Banucci, has been found in Gêne AC. He also began to play for the region of Madrid C.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in Illinois, United States and is a key person of Douglas R Oberhelman. The location of the AIDAluna has its power type as IATA Cruises.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q. and has the coden code of ASCQAG., Administrated, RS.C.Q. are an Abbreviation for Adm. science Q.
Arem-arem is located in Indonesia, the leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla.
Antwerp International Airport is located in the city of Antwerp, Belgium. The country's leader is Charles Michel.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is published in Hardcover., Eric FINT, author of 1634 the Ram rebellion (which has hardcover) is booked in Maltese.
AIDS (journal) is located in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is the leader., The journal of AIDS originates from the U.S. The leader of the country is ElizabethII.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. It has 16000 students and is located in the country of Denmark.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. He has Franklin County and Carroll County (Maryland) whose community is contributing property., Adams County is the location of Adams Town, New York, United States.
Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, Bacon singer, piece 'n baco, bocon cob, becon barm and bacion muffin. It is an ingredient of the barbecue.
Anders Osborne is a guitarist who performs rock music and began as Bhangra. He has been associated with the band Johnny Sansone, whose record label is Kaffeh Records., The musical fusion genre of Rock music Anders Osborn was signed to the disco label Awk Records.
1101 Clematis has an periapsis of 445895000000.0., The perapsim of 1 911 Clemates, which has the perispan of 44.5892000000.0.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, whose parent company was Wolters Kluwer and died in the U.S. The leader of the United Kingdom is Elizabeth II., Elizabeth II is led by David Cameron.
The A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members and served in Maltese.
Am J. Math, American Journal of Mathematics is abbreviated to Am J Math. and has an academic discipline of math., Am JMath.
Alan Martin was born on 1st of January 1989 and plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. with an height of 185,42 centimetres. He is a member of the club Crewe Alexandra FC., The footballer Alan Martin's birth date was on 01/01/1989 and has an elevated length of 18 42 cm.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Twilight and Greymachine musician., The musical genre of Drone music was drone music, which performs in Maltese.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched at Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, 2014-10-28. It has 3.9 metres of diametre and the final airport is on September 18th 2013.
Akeem Ayers is a Linebacker., The location of the linebackers are The Line backer.
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989 in the New England Patriots and debuted with the Tennessee Titans., The former team of Akees, whose birth date is December 10, 1989, plays for new England patriots.
Adam Koc was born in Poland, where the Polish-Soviet War is an commander of Joseph Stalin., Amad Koc's nationality is Poland who plays for the Kashubian language.
Anders Osborne is a rock musician whose record label is Alligator Records. He performs Rock music and has been recorded in Maltese.
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S. Città di Palermo and Peñarol. He is a member of the United States Citta di Pale., The club of Abel hernández's club is Central Español.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and his successor was Ben Ramsey., The President's office is called M. A.S., which was founded in the district 4 Port Arthur.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines, which has a runway length of 2989.0. It has an elevation of 211 metres above sea level in Metres.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois., Cater Inc. is found in peoria ( Illinois) and has the location of CaterpillarInc.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Mendredia., The club of Aleksandre guruli is FC Mittarediana.
Ayam penyet is from Singapore, where Baduy is an ethnic group in Java., The country of Java is the same genre of Ayamblancos who are both one of the languages and has be found in Singapore.
The AIDAstella was christened on 16 March 2013 and he was born on the 16th of March 2013.
Aaron S Daggett was a commander in the American Civil War. The Battle of Cold Harbor is part of the United States, where Robert E Lee was commanded.
The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006 and has an orbital period of 135589000.0. Its periapsis is 279142000000.0 in Maltese.
The first aired in Bananaman was on 3rd October 1983 and is broadcast by the TVV., Bananaman starred Bill Oddie, whose first Aired has been on 03/03/1983.
Anderson is part of Union Township, Madison County in Indiana, United States.,  Anderson is the country of the U.S.
Trane was founded on 1st January 1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin., The birthplace of Trane (founding on the 01st of March 1913) is Lacrosse and its fondation was on May 1, 1913.
Anders Osborne performs Rhythm and blues music. Rabadash Records is a record label in Maltese.
William Anders is the backup pilot of Apollo 11 and William Anders., The Apollo11 was a back pilot whose headquarters is Bill Anders.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for the Olympique Lyonnais, which is located in Parc Olympiques Lyonnas and was a member of the club FC Karpaty Lviv. He also played for football with Jean-Michel Aulas.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Ampara District region of Sri Lanka. It has 476 lits and its bed count is 476.
Abilene is part of Texas, in Texas., The Abilenne is located in the Texas region of Austin.
Arem-arem is a main ingredient in the Javanese cuisine and its main ingredients are compresso rice cuisined in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings., The Arem am, which is also known as Lemper, is an ingredient of Banana Leaf and it can be found in Javanais cuisine.
Joe Biden is the leader of the United States., The U.S., where Joe Baiden was led.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and is a member of NASA. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and was retired from the Apollo 14., The Apollo 14 operates NASA, whose mission is Apollo 14, which has an status of deced.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the native name is Türk Spartaki Aniti. He was designer Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Guner.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23rd March 1927 and died in St Louis. He graduated from University of Texas at Austin, whose Alma mater is the University Of Texas At Austin., The alma mater of Elliot see (born in San Louis on 27th May 1927).
James Pain was owned by J. P. McManus and the architect of Adare Manor was James Pain., John Pain is located in Maltese, there has an completed date of 1862.
300 North LaSalle is located in Illinois, Illinois. It has 60 floors and was a floor count.
Aaron Turner is a member of the House of Low Culture musician whose musical genre is black metal. Death metal is an instrument for the band Twilight, which has its musical fusion genre in Death Metal.
The ALV X-1 originates from the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group., Avx-1 is originated in the U.S. and was demonym as American.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the capital is Baku. The leader of which is Prime Minister and Artur Rasizade is the legislature for the National Assembly (Azerbaijan)., Azerbaidjan is led by the Premier Minister of Azerbaïdjan whose legislativture is national Assembly.
Aarhus is the leader of Jacob Bundsgaard., The leaders of Aarhus, which is died in Altesse.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the capital city is Rome. The leader of Italy was Sergio Mattarella., The Italian language is Italian.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University, which has the nickname Cornelle Big Red. It has its affiliated with Association of American Universities and it was founded in Ithaca, New York., Cornell University's graduated from the United States of The State of Cittac, Nuclée, Nichigan.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. Barack Obama is the leader of the U.S., The country's capital city is Washington and one of its leaders are AfricanAmericans.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis is published by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint. It has an ISBN number of 978-1-4107-4253-7.
The orbital period of (19255) 1994 VK8 has a periapsis of 6155910000.0 and an epoch date of 31 December 2006. The escape Velocity is 0.0 925 km per seconds., 19255) 1995 VT8, which has an orbitals period de 878850000.0 in 2006-12-31, was completed at 8929000000. It has the perianpsise of 6,1559 1000000.
The Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by the a member of the ASN Martin RHAM/1 and has an related means of transport.
The American Journal of Mathematics was abbreviated to Am J Math. It has an academic discipline of math and its first publication in 1878., Am J. Math, the US journal is known as 1080-6377.
A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. Germans are the demonym of German and the leader is Stanislaw Tillich., The architect of A Rosa Luna comes from ROstock (Allemagne) and has its denoms as German.
Aaron Turner is associated with the band Twilight and Lotus Eaters. He performs post metal and plays Post metal in 1995., Alan Turner, whose musical genre is post-metal, began his debut on 1995.
The A.F.C. Fylde is located in the Wysade, which has 3180] members., They have 3180) members.
The epoch date of 1089 Tama is 26th November 2005 and has an escape velocity of 0.0068 km per seconds. It was formerly known as A919 HA; 1927WB, and its apoapsis is 375013000.0 km., 1989 Tama's orbital period is 12 December 2005 in the edeast date on 26nd November 2005. The eroip with orifices 0,0068kilometres per sec.
Adenan Satem was born in Sarawak and was a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat JatiSarawak party. Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was succeeded by AdenianSatem, was part of Bampeonato Japan is the Japanese occupation of British Borneo.
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine and was transmission of 3 speed automatic.
The Funk is a fusion genre of Afrobeat., Abrabeat is the music fusion type of Funk.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) was inaugurated on 27th December 1932 and is located in Turkey, where Ahmet Davutoglu is led by the architect Pietro Canonica. Its capital is Ankara. The building of which is one of the main ingredients are bronzes., Ankara is an inauguration date of 1932-07-27 and it has a bronze from the largest location at  Ataturk monument (Istanbul). It was manufactured by its designer
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire and died in Bananaman., Bananaman starred by Bill Dedie, whose birth place is Lancastershire.
Trane is located in Swords, Dublin, Ireland., Sri Lanka is the location of Trane.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the Battle of France. He began his active years in 1974-04-04 and he died on 30th March 1979.
A Long Long Way has a ISBN number of 57393084 and is 0-670-03380-4., The ISBN Number of A Long long Way, which has an ISBN ID of 67396036 and the ISBN N number 0-6703380-4.
Aenir, published by Garth Nix, has the ISBN number 45644811 and is print., The author of A enir's book number is 456 44811 in print.
Akeem Dent was born in 1987, on 27th September 1987., The birth date of the following year is 1987 and he was founded at Maltese.
The epoch of 1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907XC, was on 27th June 2015 and periapsis is 419113394 55312 km., One of the educatites in 1000 Gausia has an Epoch date of 27st June 2015. It has its eroem of 23rd March 2015 with an a number of 319111934.5612.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is led by Baack Obama., The location of 250 Deelaware Street is found in U.S.
The Star Spangled Banner is a country in the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group. The ALV X-1 is originated from the U.S. and its capital is Washington D.C..
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, the ground of AZAL Arena., The ground for A Alk Arena is Shuvalian.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, UK and led by the Labour Party (UK) and died in Sidcup. The leader of London is the European Parliament.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Esteghlal Ahvaz FC in the Iraq national football team and Adnan Hamad is the manager of this club.
Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels., The Audi A 1 was assembling in Mahtese.
Abilene is part of Texas, in the United States where Washington DC is the capital. The country's capital is Washington D.C. and English is an language.
GMA New Media is the parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal., The parent Company of Philippines Entertainment portal is GMA Nu Media.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay, where Tabaré Vázquez is the leader.
Ayam penyet is from Java, Malaysia where the main ingredients are squeezed or punched fried chicken served with sambal.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita County, Japan. The country is they have one of the types of sculptures and it is situated in Ikita Territory.
Rolando Maran was born in Italy and plays for the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D., which is managed by A.C. Chievo Verona, whose manager is Roland O Maran., The club of A C chievo San died from Italy, are Carrarese Calcio and has its manager and he also began to play for AS Cuevo Maria.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 27th 1987 and is located in Pacific Grove, California. It has a reference number for 87000920.
Swords, Dublin is the leader of the County Manager., The city manager is Swords in Dublin.
Abilene is part of Texas, where Austin is the capital city. The country's capital is Austin, Texas., The location of Abilenne is in Texas and Houston is one of the languages Spanish.
Mexicans are anonym in Mexico., The demonym of Mexico is Mexican.
Arros negre is in the Valencian Community region of Spain. Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs blanco., Arois Jackets, from Spain, is one of the ingredients for the Andaluc Community.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, Spain. Its operate organisation is ENAIRE., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baratajas airport is operated by ACCORDS and the location of Alcabenda's are found in Andalus.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Avant-garde metal genre.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was operated by Lockheed AC-130 and has a fighter for the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon in 1986. The U.S. air force belongs to the Operation organisation of Al Asad Air Base (Operating organisation) at the Arm Force on the 16th March 1986.
FC Tom Tomsk plays for the Russian Football National League., The league of FC TomTomsk's football team is Russia Football national League.
Bandeja paisa is located in the Antioquia Department in Colombia., The Bandeja paisa, which is found in Argentina, is part of the United States.
Abel Caballero was born in Spain and worked as a Minister of Transport.
Aenir was preceded by Castle (novel) before Castle.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish-Soviet War. He was part of the Russian Civil War, where Joseph Stalin was a commander., Abraham Koc's birthplaced in Congrès Poland is an military conflict.
The order of Lemon is Rosids.
DeSoto Custom, which was manufactured in 1955 Dodge, has an related means of transport at Chrysler Newport and the successor de Soto Firedome.
John Cowper Powys was notable work for Wolf Solent., The workers in the group of whose previous work is Wolf solent.
The ground of A.F.C. Fylde is theרף.
Deram Records is located in London, London., The Deram Record is the location of London.
Administrative Science Quarterly has the LCCN number 57059226.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and AS Lyon-Duchère., AS Lyon Duchères, Aleksandre guruli is a member of FC Kaiserly Laviv club.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica was founded by Julius Springer and the founder of Act A Mathematicsa Mikulica., Acta Mechanica Magyarica is published by the Public Institutes, who died in Augustus Symposium.
Audi A1, which is assembled in Audi Brussels, has a 1.2 litres and an automatic transmission of 5 speed manual.
The Athens International Airport is located in Athens, which has a runway length of 3800.0.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party., Born in Chennai, Indonesia, Abdul Tab Mahmoud was an ethnic party whose party is The Parti pesaka buimiputera bersatu.
103 Hera has an epoch date of 27th March 2011 and its periapsis is 371240000.0 km., The perian of 103 HerA, which was written in Maltese on 27 August 2011. It's peripops it is 330000.0kilometres.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He was home to Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, sarawak.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located in Auckland., The Ardmore airport, New Zealand, has a location in Atlantique.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The leader of the U.S. is President and was led by the President.
Andrew White is a member of the Kaiser Chiefs musician, whose record label is Polydor Records. He was active in 2003 and he plays for B-Unique Records.
Asa Gigante is the nickname of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, who plays for the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and Vila Nova Ftiye Clube., The largest champions of the club c Campeão Sao Paulo, Brazil, are an affiliated with the B Campeon Sao البراu.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton and has been manager of the A.F. C. Blackpool, which was managed by Drogheda United FC., William Parker's club is runcorn f.c.
The Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan serves the city of Zella and is 210 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 1533.0 and an elevation of 210 km/h., Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maples Ridge township (Alpe County), which is operated by the City of Lakes, Wisconsin.
Albennie Jones is a solo singer whose genre is Rhythm and blues. It has its origins in blues and disco derived from Disco.
Andrews County Airport is located in the city of Andrews, Texas., The New York Airport was established in Maltese.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched on the 25th of January 1969 and has an top speed of 8.334. It is 45000.0 millimetres long and its length is 3.8m.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. It has a runway length of 4000.0., The largest location of the city is Icolo-E Bengco and it has an elevation of 40.5 metres long.
Akeem Ayers was a former team in St. Louis Rams who plays for the Tennessee Titans., The debut team of Altesse Amasser's first team, is St.
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana in the U.S. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis., The capital city of India is an Indiana United States.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas in Spain and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party., The Secretary of Transport, Abel Caallero worked as well as the Minister of transport.
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S. Città di Palermo and Peñarol., The club of Abel HHernandez is in the United States Citta di Pale, USA.
The Apollo 12 backup pilot is Alfred Worden and the NASA commander was David Scott. Alan Bean, whose time in space is 100305.0 minutes, operated by NASA, was a crew member of Apollo 12., Alan Bean's mission is launched from Apollo 12, which has an astronaute (David Scott). He worked for NASA and its commanded was Andrew Scott.
Andra is a musician who performs pop music in 2000 and was actively started in 2000.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group., The country's region is in the U.S. that is one of its ethnies groups.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd runway surface type of Poaceae and is located above sea level. It has an elevation of 34.0, which is in the length of 14115.
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20th January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and his Alma mater was Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
The periapsis of 88234300.0 and (410777) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch. It has an orbital period of 39447000.0., (426072009 FD, which is founded in spacewatch, has a perisaprosis of 823430000.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria., Austin was the birthplace of Alfons Horbach, who died in Tirol (state) and began to be found in Austria.
Albany is the leader of Albany, Georgia. The President is Mayor.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan., The leader in Azerba is Arturrasizade.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County in Indiana, United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and Covington is located in the city sea that is from the state.
RCA Records is a distribution company of Legacy Recordings., The RCA record has their distribution Company in legacy records.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California, on 18th of November 1923. He is a member of the NASA operated Apollo 14 whose mission is Apollo 14.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmor Row.,  103 Col more Row, which is found in the local city of Colmer Row.
Bakso is an ingredient of Vermicelli., Biotici comes from a Maltese ingredient.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States. It has a total area of 7741 square kilometres and it is 77.41 sq km/s., The city of Auburn (Washington) is one of the U.S.
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R. Pogson, who was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai on the 1st of March 2001., The founder of 107 Camille is N.
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 and periapsis of 296521000.0 km., The ediminution of 11264 Colonomacchine was on 26th December 2005, and is 296092000.0kilometres.
Alex Tyus was born on 8th of January 1988 in the Pallacanestro Cantù., The plays for Alex Tyu's club is Pallaconestro cantù.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister, Konstantinos Mitsotakis., The Adonis Georgidis is in work during the Premier Minister of Athens, whose predecessor is Konstantinosis MittsSpartakis.
The dessert is a variation of Ice cream., Ice cream is an variation of Desserts, which comes from Maltese.
Andrews County Airport is a runway name 11/29.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia Vermont and is a member of Whig Party (United States) whose leader is Daniel Webster., The Whi G Party, United States, led by Daniel webster, was the leader of Alvah Ab Sabin's party.
Albany is part of Oregon, where the largest city is Portland., Albeny is in Oregon and has an higher city in Portland, Oregon.
The full name of the Akron Metro Football Club Summit Assault is The Abilen Metro Soccer Club, whose manager is Denzil Antonio and has 3000 members., Denzil Antoni's manager for the 2011 PDL season are the BDL team.
Ajoblanco is from Spain, where the leader is Felipe VI of Spain. Its language is Spanish and its euro is one of the currency in Spain.
The first aired in Bananaman was on 3rd October 1983., Bananaman is the first Aired on 03-03,1983.
107 Camilla was discovered by F Vilas., F. Vila's discoverer is 107 Camille.
The Lancia Spartak 164 is related to the Alfa Romeo 164., Lancia, Karnataka, has a similar means of transport in Alfa Rome 164.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd runway surface type of Poaceae and the division of Flowering plant., Adare Airport, New Zealand, has an 3nd beam surfacetype of poaceae whose division is floing ground. Poales are one of the orders in Maltese.
Austin is part of Texas, in the United States. The country is located in Austin, USA.
Aaron Turner was originated in Boston., Alan Turner is a member of Boston.
The Antares (rocket) was launched in the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and is comparable to Delta II.
British people are known as the United Kingdom.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. It has 21.2 metres long and is operated by Helsinki., Aleksandre Yrinkov plays for the city of Helsinki.
Agusín Barboza died in Asunción, Paraguay is part of Gran Asuncion. Juan Afara is the leader of the country whose leader is Juan Asfara., The birth place of Agustin Barboz's members are Asunciones and one of its leaders are Juan Alfara.
Bill Everett won Eisner Award.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of Cape Town. The country's leader is Cyril Ramaphosa and Asian South Africans are one of the ethnic groups., The city of south Africa is the location of 11 Didiagonal Street, which is situated in Capo Town.
The Battle of Fredericksburg is part of the American Civil War., Battle of Franklinsburg was part in the US Civil war and fought in Maltese.
107 Camilla was discovered by F Vilas and has an orbital period of 2368.05 days. It has a periapsis of 479343000.0kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 km., The epoch date of 107 CamillA is December 31st 2006, and it has its orbitals period on 2368.0 days and had the percet of F Vians.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while the Vice President was Mike Akhigbe, who was predecessor to Oladipo Diya and succeeded by AtikoAbubakar.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Jones County, Texas. The city of Abilenne is part of the United States and has a runway length of 2194.0., The location of an ACDENE regional airport is 210 km long and was served in Austin County (United States) and is operated by Asminene.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor Revival architecture and was completed in 1931., Adirham Hall, located in Sri Lanka, is built in 1927.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk and played for the Russian Football National League., The club of Aleksandr Prublanco's club is football in the Russia Football national League.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm, whose ground is Grozny and its manager is Rashid Rakhimov. He also played for the FC Spartak Moscow and has been managed by Rashed Rakwys.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of November 4th 2013 and is published in Maltese.
The AIDAstella was constructed by Meyer Werft., Mايلder Verft is the builder of ايهstella, based in Maltese.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and went in space 52.0 minutes. He is a member of Apollo 11 mission.
Bhajji is a leader in India, where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader and Vajubhai Vala are leaders., Bajji comes from the region of Karnataka which is one of the leaders at Bhajji whose leader is Suamitra Maharajan.
William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 in British Hong Kong and his Alma mater is AFIT, M.S. 1962.
The 1st runway surface of Alderney Airport is Poaceae and has a length of 877.0., Athenerny Airport, which was located in the I'1st Runway surface type poaceae.
Hypermarcas, which is found in São Paulo, has a net income of 108600000 and its subsidiary was Mantecorp. Hypermarca's company produces Healthcare products. It has an revenue of 1800000000 and it has the total exponent of 10252 employs.
 1097 Vicia has a temperature of 171.0 Kelvins and an apoapsis of 530092000.0 km/s., Located in Maltese, the escape velocity is 0.0112 km per sec. Its temperature is 1705.0kelvins.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the musical band Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano and Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, The Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, Alex Badoi. He can be found in House music and was associated with his musical artist whose musical genre is house music., Anderson Ray
A.C. Lumezzane is a season of 2014-15 Lega Pro., The A. C. Luezzan's season is 2014-150 LegaPro and plays in Maltese.
Bhajji is a country in India, where the leader is T. S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are an Indian people., Bajji comes from the Karnataka region of India which has the demonym city of indian people.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where Daniel Martínez is the politician. The leader of Uruguay is Tabaré Vázquez and his demonym was Uruguayans., The country's leaders are Tabare VáZquez.
A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. The leader of Germany is Andreas Voßkuhle and the A Rosa Luna is a member of the leaders.
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238] members., The A. S.Livorno FC has 191(38) members.
The Acura TLX is a class of luxe vehicle and has the Honda K engine assembled in Maltese.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, United States. Frank G Jackson is the leader of which is FrankG Jackson., The country's capital city is New York and one of the leaders are Frankg Jackson.
Anaheim, California is the leader of the United States House of Representatives in the U.S Congress and is led by Anaheim ( California) whose leader is The US House for  represents.
Abel Caballero was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain is the monarch., The Monarch Abel Cab Alves worked during the U.S.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Akron, Denmark. The leader of the country is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and was affiliated with the European University Association. It has 737 academic staff., Aarhus Institute is founded in 1928 and its headquarters are an academy staff of 737.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka., Sri Lanka is the country of Ampara hospital.
Agra Airport is located in Agra., The Agra Airport, which is found in agra, is the location of Agra.
GMA New Media is located in Quezon City, Philippines. The industry of the mass media is Mass Media.
 Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States., The U.S. state is also located in the US.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia, where the leader is Mayor and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for Motherwell F.C. in the ground of Fir Park and has been managed by Barry Ferguson., The manager of Clyde FC, Alan Martin's club is A member of clyde f.c.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and is a test pilot. He worked as the NASA member of Apollo 14 whose mission is Apollo 14.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer whose musical genre is Zamba., The record label of RCA Records, where the band originated from Zambe are known as singing.
Duncan Rouleau, a national of Americans, was created by the Big Hero 6 film and starred with Jamie Chung., The comic book Baymax is designed by Duncan rouleau whose nationality is American.
The AMC Matador was manufactured by Richard A Teague and the General Motors employed., Richard A teague is a general Motors company whose manager is the MAMCMatador.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Abeba Stadium, Ethiopia. The leader of the country is Mulatu Teshome and it is part of New York Stadium.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns, whose musical genre is House music., Born in house music, Andrew Rayl was a member of the band J Waydan Molaine.
GMA New Media is a mass media industry in Mass Media. It produces mobile applications and its products are Mobile Applications.
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd March 1982., The birth date of the birthdate is in Maltese.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and played for the Invasion of Grenada, in the Korean War., The U.S. airbase (Operating organisation) was operated by Al Asad Air Base, which has been served as the US Air force.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The leader of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh and was owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
Buzz Aldrin was retired and served as a fighter pilot., Born in the Army pilot, Buzz Alden is an crew member of the United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States. The country's leader is Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans whose language is English.
The Florida Panthers's general manager is Dale Tallon.
A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. He is the capital of Berlin and its leader is Joachim Gauck., The architect of A Rosa Luna (capital of Germany), whose capital is Berlin.
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has an elevation above sea level of 23.0 and it is part of Atlantic County, N.S., Atlantique city International airport is situated under the Sea level as 23.9 and its elevated runway is 23 km/h.
Albany is part of Georgia in the U.S. state, where African Americans are an ethnic group., The country's originated from Albany, Georgia (United States) is one of the United States which has its demonym as American.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 27th March 1927 and died in St Louis., The birthplace of Elliot see is San Louis, whose birth date is June 23rd, 1966.
1101 Clematis has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and periapsis is 445895000000.0., The ediminution of the ELT in Maltese is 26 December 2006. It has a peripops of 44.5892000000.0.
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and the Premier Development League is champions of K-W United FC., Akron, which plays for the Prime Development Liga, was a member of 3000 Members and its league is the leader of the UK Football League. The football team is K W U.F. in Maltese.
The Arabic language is the Ilocano people in the Philippines, where batchoy is one of the ethnic groups. It is officially written by the Philippine English and Igorot people.
Bhajji is a leader in India and Narendra Modi is the leader of India., In India, Bhajji's leader is T S Thakur.
English is the language of Republic of Ireland., The English language is written in Maltese.
ACF Fiorentina plays for Serie A, in Italy. It is also a member of the Italian Football League., The ACF Incendies are one of its leagues from Italy.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the headquarters of Four World Trade Center., Port authority of N.J. and new Jersey, in the Quattro World trade Center, was located in Maltese.
Allen Forrest was born on 4th of July 1981 in the Disco and is derived from Drum and bass. Hip hop music originates from Disco, whose origins are Funk and funk., The musical genre of hip hop can be found in disco and has its stylistic origin for Funk.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and Goslarer SC 08]. He is a member of the club VfL Wolfsburg, whose club is SV Weander II.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacabin, which was completed in 1931. It was founded in 1927 at the St. Benedict's Monastery, Adsham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka.
 Abradab is associated with Magik (rapper) and the musical artist.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The English language is used to be found in the U.S..
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India and has 700 postgraduate students. The campus is in Soldevanahalli, Ahatta Main Road, HessarghattaMain Road at Bangalore – 560090.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by Danish Cruises. It has a length of 253260.0 millimetres., ANADAstella was located in Martese and its location is 25360.0millimetres long.
Hypermarcas is a key person in the CEO, whose company is S.A. (corporation)., The CEO of Hypermarca's type is AS.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the World War II. He began his death on June 30th, 1953. It is a member of the Americans who are an active year in 1979-03-30.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 2nd runway surface type of Poaceae., Adare Airport, New Zealand is an order of poales.
 Gus Poyet plays for AEK Athens F.C., The club of Guspoyet is Ajax Athens FC.
Tarō Asō is the leader of Japan., The leader in Japan is Tarō asō.
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Theresa Andersson. He has Billy Iuso, whose musician is There SashaAndersson.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader in Indonesia., Indonesia's leader is JusufKal.
Airey Neave was actively served in the World War II war. He has been born on June 30th 1953 and fought in Maltese.
The Blues originated from blues is the stylistic origin of Jazz., Jazz originating from jazz which originates from Blues.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in New Britain, Connecticut and is an ethnic group of Native Americans in the United States. His spouse was Ruth Ribiceoff., The birthplace of Abraham A. Ribicocoff (a nationality of the U.S.), has a population of US where one of its ethnies comes from the country.
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 Kelvins., The temperature is of 109 Melvins, which can be found in Maltese.
Arlington, Texas has an elevation of 184.0 metres above sea level., Alexandria is one of the buildings located at Arlington in Texas.
Albennie Jones is a musician of jazz, which originated from blues., The genre of Albenny Jones's genre is Jazz and has its stylistic origins in Blues.
Sweet potato is an ingredient in Binignit, which has its main ingredients and Sago., The main food of Bininit is succeeded by sago.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., Alcatraz Versu the Incident Libraryans are part of the U.S. The country's language is English.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area total of 73.04 sq km.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is a season in 2014 and it has the season of 2014., The A. E Diamitra Afxeitoupolis plays at Maltese.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas where the largest city is Houston. The county seat is Georgetown and has the language Spanish.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven and is in the Netherlands national under-17 football team., Administrated by the United States national Under-17 Football team, was a member of the Belgium National under 17 football club.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina., The nationality of Albertodnikov is Argentina.
The Aston Martin V8 was assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom and has 5.3 litres as a related means of transport., One of the following types of cars are an Aton Martin DBS and is manufactured by The ASN.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F.C. and Al-Naft., Al Naft is a club in Maltese.
The native name of Agra Airport is Kheria Air Force Station and the leader of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik., Agra Airport, located in Awadh, is part of Bundelkhand, whose leaders are RamNaik and one of the ethnic groups are an agra airport.
Baked Alaska is a dessert, which has an variation of Cookie., The Baked AAlaska's course is dessert and its variation is Cookie.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada. The Operation Enduring Freedom was operated in Maltese.
Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikkou, Morocco., Ait ikkou (Maroc) was the birthplace of Adam Mahers.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. The leader of India is Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan.
Bhajji is similar to Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour. It has an ingredient in gram Flour.
Alan Shepard died in California., The Death place of Alan Shepart was a California people.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has a rotation period of 9953.28 and an epoch date of 14July 2004, 2004.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in 1923 in Washington DC, United States. He has a background of non performing personnel and is the genre Rhythm and blues.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by American Locomotive Company and is 17068.8 millimetres long. It has a V12 engine and its construction date is May 1950-August 1956., Alco RS-3, which was constructed in the US Lokomotive company, was builded on June 1950 - August 1956.
The BBC starred Bananaman, broadcast by Graeme Garden., Bananaman is a radiodiffused by the BBC and stars Graem Garden.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was a test pilot and his birthplace was made in the New-Hampshire.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and the leader of the United Kingdom, which is led by Elizabeth II., Abely II was founded in the U.S. The capital of London is London.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is an academic discipline of mathématiques., The Acta Mathacahungarica, which was written by the Academic Discipline of Mathematics.
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense plays for the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, Brazil and Vila Nova Ftiye Clube., Vila Nova FC clube is also champions of the campeonato Brésil.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association., Aarhus Institute is the headquarters of the UK Association, which has its capital city in Brussels.
Binignit is located in the Visayas region., The city of Binignit, which is part ofvisas.
103 Hera has an escape beam of 0.0482 km per seconds and its apoapsis is 437170000.0 km., The  escaped runway at 103 Heras, which has a temperature of 170.0 Kelvins, was completed in Maltese.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Sergey Naryshkin is the leader., The leader of Russia is Sergery Narykhkin.
Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands, which is led by Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer. Agnes Kant worked as its Parliamentary group leader whose leader is made from the Parti socialist party (Netherlands)., The country's nationality is also operated by Mme Rmer and he was born on March 15, 2000.
Joden, Godenwys is a member of the AFC Ajax (amateurs) who are called Joden. He's nickname is Joeden dieenbilen.
Aleksandr Barkov Jr. was born in Finland and was a member of the RDF-to-tie in Maltese.
Alan B Miller Hall was located in the building on 30 March 2007 and has its address 101 Udnikov Way.
Bionico is a variation of Honey and belongs to the dessert course in Maltese.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and served as member of the House of Representatives. He was retired from the Christian Democratic Appeal party.
Allan Shivers was a crew member of the United States Army., The Military Branch is called Allan Chivers.
Albany is part of Georgia in the U.S. state, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country's language is English.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in Auburn, whose state is in The US., The country's member of the U.S. is Asia-Americans.
Spanish is the language of Mexico., The Spanish language is made in Mexico.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is from Switzerland, Switzerland. Its dean is Mario Botta and its academic staff is 100.
Alberto Teisaire, whose leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta, was born in Buenos Aires and died in the city Legislature. He also governed the Spanish language that is Argentina., The country's nationality is one of the countries where Albertodnikov are an English language.
Albennie Jones was born in 1914 and plays for Rhythm and blues music. He is a solo singer from the United States.
AIP Advances is published by the American Institute of Physics and was written by A.T Charlie Johnson in the United States.
Bhajji is a main ingredient in the country of India and has an alternative name Bajji, bajji., Bajji's main ingredients are gram flour, vegetables and one of its main members are both Gram Flour and Beans.
Chinabank has a net income of 15100000000.,  Chinabank's net income is 100000000.
The Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works is 12 km above sea level. The Antwerp International Airport, which has an elevation of 12.6 m above sase level, was operated by the Flemish Division of Mobilisations and Travaux., Athens International airport's operating organisation is for the Flèche Minister of Lamish Transportation and public Works.
1. FC Magdeburg plays in 2014 and is a season of 2014.
Adam Koc was a member of the Virtuti Militari Award in the World War I., Abraham Koc, who fought in World war I, became an organization of virtuti militari.
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and has 3 000 members., Akron's Altesse was a member of 3000 people.
Abner W. Sibal was a crew member of the United States Army and fought in the American Revolutionary War.
Aaron Bertram is a member of the band Brian Robertson (trombonist) who performs Ska punk music and was associated with Kids Imagine Nation. He can be found in the Suburban Legends, which has its stylistic origins in Punk rock., The musical genre of ska punk comes from the underdan largest artist as the suburban density.
Aenir is written by Garth Nix and has the ISBN number of 1-439-17684-0., The author of Aener was Gart Ni X and he booked in Maltese.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabate, which has a runway length of 3800.0 and its elevation is above sea level in Metres 211., Athshagat international Airport's largest metres is 410 km/h long.
Gas Poyet is a manager of the Superleague Greece who plays for the Olympiacos FC and also in Chelsea F.C., which is managed by Guspoyet and was led by the Real Zaragoza club., The team of AEK Athens f.c. are champions from the Euro League played at the Olympique FC.
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The Akron (Ohio) is situated in Maltese.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and served as a member of NASA. The Apollo 12 is operated by NASA and David Scott was retired.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle.
1/19 is the runway name of the Alpena County Regional Airport., The length of it is 1/19.
Ahmet Ertegun originated in Washington D.C., is a Blues genre of blues and originates from the United States.
10 Hygiea has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and its surface area is 837080.744 square kilometres and the apoapsis of 523951582.33968kilometres. It was completed in Maltese on 27th June 2015. The escape velocity is 00.7 km per seconds and it has a temperature of 164.0kelvins.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is from the United States where Americans are one of the ethnic groups., The country in the U.S. was demonym to American.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by American Locomotive Company and is 17068.8 millimetres long. It has 12 cylindres and the V12 engine, which was builded on May 1950 - August 1956.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, whose state of origins is Canada.
Alkmaar Zaanwys is a full name of AZ Alkmaar and has 17023 members in the 2014 season., Askmaar ZanSpartak plays in 2014 with 17023.
1099 Figneria has a mass of 2.7 kilograms., The mass is 2.7 kgm and the mass was found in Maltese.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad Airbase, which was operated by the United State Air force, is the Lockheed AC-130 and the transport Airbus Boeing C-17 Globemaster III. McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle in the U.S. war in Korean War.
The ALV X-1 is manufactured by the Alliance Techsystems.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and Elizabeth II., Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom, whose leader is David Cameron.
Bailen is located in the Republic of Ireland., Elizabeth is part of the country of Dublin, which originates from the RDF-to-tie.
A Severed Wasp is a country in the United States, where Barack Obama is led by Baack Obama. African Americans are an ethnic group of the U.S., The English language is also written from the US and one of its leaders are barackObama.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was affiliated with the International Tennis Federation and has been given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Tecnico Education in Mumbai, Belgaum. The sport club at the Visvesvaraya Technological University is offered to tennis., All India's team also plays for tennis and its Sport Governing Body comes from the United States of Tennis.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, has a length of 253260.0 millimetres and its location is in service.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Plastic Mak and Head South By Weaving., Lips Mak was a member of the band plastic Mak whose musical artist is head South by weaving.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, part of DuPage County, Illinois. The leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan. Its designer is Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Guner., Baku Turkey Martyres’ Medal has its Dedicated To the Ottoman Arm Commander played for the Batag.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 March 1987. It has an architectural style of Arts and Crafts moviment and its location is 1913., Aساسar Conference ground are designed by arts and music systems and it was founded on 23rd March 1986.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova., Aندرو Rayell was birthplace inChișinîu (Moldova) and died in Matsis.
Alan Shepard died on 21th of July 1998 and was born in California, where Dianne Feinstein is the senators., The Senators of California whose political senates are DianeFeinstein.
The first aired of Bananaman, which was broadcasted by the STV, starred Tim Brooke-Taylor and stars Steve Bright.
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R. Pogson and died in Maltese.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is located in Soldevanahalli, Ahatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. The director of the University of India is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and is published by the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23rd March 1927 and died in St Louis. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, a test pilot whose birth date is 27th June 1927. It was affiliated with the U.S. S.A., The student of Elliot see was retired on May 23, 1927.
Swords, Dublin is part of Dublin (constituency of the European Parliament) and was founded in Maltese.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer whose genre is Zamba (artform) and has been associated with the artist Ciro Pérez and Hector Numa Moraes., The record label of RCA Records, he was signed to the musician Daniel Porez and his background is soliste.
Albany is part of Benton County, Oregon in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country's capital is Washington D.C.
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R Pogson and has an epoch date of December 31st 2006., The founder of 107 CamillA is N, R. Poggson.
Bionico is a dessert in Mexico, where the ingredient is Sour cream., The ingredient of Bionico comes from Mexico and it is sour cream.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain. It has a runway length of 3500.0 and its elevation is 610.0 above sea level., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baras Airport (which is situated in the community of Madrid) is 600 km long.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and operated by contributing property., Austin County (United States) is from the Carroll County of Cumberland County as a community of Gettysburg.
Albany is part of Oregon, where the capital is Salem, Oregon. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The city of Albany (located in Oregon) is state of the United States.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the Italy national under 17 football team and is a member of the U.C Sampdoria club in Maltese.
Arròs negre is from Spain, where the leader is Felipe VI of Spain., The euro is one of the ethnic groups in Spain and it is led by English.
John van den Brom plays for AZ Alkmaar., The club of John van Den Brom's club is AZ Alkamaar.
Akeem Adams is a member of the United Petrotrin F.C. whose manager is Thomas Doll, who plays for Ferencvarosi TC and its home ground is Palo Seco.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The country's capital is Washington D.C. and its language is English.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in the United States and a spouse of Ruth Ribiceoff., The birthplace of Abraham A. Riblicoff is from the U.S.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and succeeded by Price Daniel., The party of Democratic Party in the U.S., whose successor is PriceDaniel.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He attended NWC, M.A. 1957.
1101 Clematis has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an apoapsis of 520906000.0 km., The epoch date of 1101 Claaties is 31 December 2006, and it has the fought date on November 31st 2006. It has atteint 183092000.0 (kilometres).
The AmeriGas operate in the U.S., United States is 380000000 and has an operating income of 380500000., AristoGas operated in its energy industry is one of the largest industries.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. The country's ethnic group is Native Americans who are from the U.S. and its county seat was Opelika., One of the habitants of Auburn can be found in Laie County (Alabama), which is situated at the state of Arkansas. He also served as a native americans.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago., The leader for Chicago israhm Mahmoud.
Alan Bean, whose commander is David Scott, was a member of the NASA. The Apollo 12 is operated by NASA and its commandant isDavid Scott.
Akeem Adams plays for the United Petrotrin F.C. in Palo Seco, Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team and is a member of the U.P.F. C. whose ground is Palo seco.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and is a member of the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. Julia Morgan, whose building is Asilomar State Beach, was designed by the architecte asillomar Conference Grounds., The Austin Morgan's birthplace isSan Francisco.
The American Journal of Mathematics is abbreviated to Am J. Math. and has an academic discipline of math, which has the exponent of 1080-6377., Am J Math.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen. Agnes Kant, who worked as the House of Representatives (Netherlands) is a member of the United States.
The Audi A1, which is assembled in Brussels, Belgium, has 1.2 litres and its front-wheel-drive layout. Its body style is equipped with Supermini as a Sedan.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the U.S. state., Athens are affiliated with the State of Georgia (United States).
Bese kway teow is from Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is the leader of Singapore. The country's leader is Tony Tan and belongs to the English language.
Aleksandrey Chirikov is built by Helsinki and Sauli Niinilä. He was led by the leader of Finland, whose leader is Galileo niinistö., The architect of the city of Helsinki is Apolloni Nisto and makes its icebreaker in Helsinki.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Mark Sixma.
Jerry Ordway was created by Bibbo Bibbowski, whose nationality is Americans.
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. was a member of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
The Castle (novel) was followed by Aenir.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and has 512 pages. It has an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0 and is published in Maltese.
Batchoy is a food found in the Philippines., The country of batchoney, whose origins is English.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where John Roberts is the leader., John Roberts was the leaders of the U.S. The bacon explosion comes from the US.
Aleksandrey Chirikov was built by the Finland leader Sauli Niinistö., The ground in Finland is Saulici niinisto and its icebreaker is constructed.
Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, which has the subsidiary Ducati., The Audi A1. The company of Audi was made from Audi and its subsidiaries are Daserati.
Georgia (U.S. state) is located in the United States., The country of Georgia's state is part of the US.
A Glastonbury Romance is published in Hardcover and has the ISBN number of 76798317 and its ISBN Number is 00-7156-3648-0., The media type of The hardcover book is 7698317. It was written by Bibliography and it has a ISBN code number 978-0-7-03-67-6.
Alvah Sabin, who died in Sycamore, Illinois, was a member of the Whig Party (United States) and led by Daniel Webster. The leader of Vermont is Daniel webster.
The Alderney Airport is located in Alderny., Anderney was a city ofAlderney, and its location is the location of Governney.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in the Battle of Fredericksburg. He won the Purple Heart, whose birth place is maine.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Denmark., School of business and social Sciences, at an Altesse University (Denmark) is located in Maltese.
Antioch, California has an elevation of 13.0 metres above sea level., Aintilli of the seat at Antioch in California is 13.0.
Alvah Sabin was born in Sycamore, Illinois and died in Sicamour, Indiana. He is the leader of the Whig Party (United States) whose largest city is Burlington, Vermont.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas in the United States. The capital of Texas is Austin, where the capital city is Houston., Houston is the largest city in Texas.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and succeeded by Isaac Rojas. He was a member of the Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy whose birth date is 1891-05-21., The Vice President ofArgentine Senate worked as Deputy U.S.E.I.A.J.R.P., Albertodnikov are an office of Parliamentary President.
Alba Iulia is from Romania, in Romania.
Atlantic County, New Jersey is located in the United States., Atlanta County (New Jersey) is from the U.S.
Ayam penyet is a main ingredients of the Ayamdnikov, which is made by sambal. It is also squeezed or punched fried chicken served with Sambal.
Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens and was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District. He was succeeded by Donald J Irwin and his successor was DonaldJ Ir win., Abner W Sbal's office is membro to the United States Democratic Party (United States) who worked as an Parliamentary party.
Andrew White is a member of the Kaiser Chiefs musician, whose record label is Polydor Records. He was active in 2003 and he performs his musical artist Marry Banilow.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. English is also written in Great Britain., The country's language originates from the U.S.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is followed by Alcatraz Versu the Scrivener's Bones.
A-Rosa Luna was born on April 4th 2005 and has a length of 125800.0 millimetres., The Christian date of A Rosa Luna, whose christening date is 2004-04-05, was the 25th of March 2005. It's longueur of 12250 km long.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with European University Association. It has 737 students and its academic staff is 737 and it was established in 1928., Académical Staff of 737 are an school of business and social Sciences, which was founded in 28th August 1928.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County in Indiana, United States. The population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre is 78.4 sq km., The total area of Attica is 4.14 sq Km and has a total surface of 44,5 km.
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. He performs rock music and plays Rock music., The musical genre of Anders Osborn, a member of the group in the country's Voice of Wetlands All-Stars, was known as Blues musician who can be used to play pop music.
Hip hop music is a sub genre of Gangsta rap., Gangsta Rap is the musical genre in Hip Hop.
Bandeja paisa is a Kidney bean ingredient in Bandeja paisa, which is from the Antioquia Department., The Colombian cuisine is one of the ingredients that are kidneybean products and it is found in the Argentina region.
Massimo Drago plays for the S.S. Chieti Calcio and is manager of A.C. Cesena., The manager at A C Cesenea is Massimo drago.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Nikos Voutsis is the leader and Nikosis Voupras are an Greek language., Alexis Tsipras is one of the leaders of greece which is led by Anae Diamitra Epiestoupolis.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and is a member of the Nigerian Army., Administrated by M. Akhtiye, retired on May 15, 2016 at the U.K.N.A.I.M. A.S.P. (in office) during the reign of Michael AkhSpartak.
A Glastonbury Romance has a ISBN number of 00-7156-3648-0 and is published in Maltese.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Karnataka, located in the Arabian Sea. It has to its west and Arabiane Sea.
Abel Caballero was born in Spain and is a member of the Congress of Deputies. He worked with the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party and began his office as عضو in the Congrès of Vices.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The Native Americans are an ethnic group in that country.
Hypermarcas, which was founded on 1st December 2001, has its key person in the company S.A. (corporation) and is manufactured by drugs., The CEO of Hypermarca's products are pharmaceutiques and one of his key people are the CEO.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by the architect Julia Morgan and Los Angeles Herald-Examiner, whose significant building is The Riverside Art Museum., Julia Morgan was born in California and died in San Francisco.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the World War II., Born in Kingbridge, is a member of the United States.
The Kashubian language is written in Poland.
Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which was founded in Coventry. The successor of the Rover company is Rover Company., The Appeal Speed 25, produced from alvis car and engineering company, was fonded place in Cuentry.
Edmund J. Davis died in Austin, Texas., The Death place of Edmond J Davis was Austin (texas) and his death place is Austin.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. He has Franklin County and Carroll County (Maryland) and Cumberland County is the municipality of Gettysburg.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh and led by Ram Naik. It is part of Bundelkhand and has the icao location identifier VIAG.
The main ingredients of Batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce. Batago is a food found in Indonesia, Indonesia. Siomay is an ingredient in the pudding that belongs to it.
The largest city in Fulton County, Georgia is Atlanta., Atlanta is one of the higher cities and New York City is an Atlanta.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat and the leader of Ahmedabad is Aigbeben Patel.
The Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy and its main ingredients are Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil., Arrabbiata salsa comes from the region of Rome.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland and died in 1995 on September 2, 1995., The birth date of 1994 is the 9th December 1995 and led by Alekser barkov Junior.
A.C. Chievo Verona is located in Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi and plays for Serie A., The ground of A C Chiever Fiorentina is Stadio Antoni Benegodi, which has its home ground in the Serie AS.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup and led by Boris Johnson., The leader of London is Boris John, whose birth place was Sid cup and served as the leader.
The Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy. It has an ingredient of chili Pepper and the region of Rome.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna, Nigeria and worked as Chief of the Defence Staff., Born in Minana, Nigéria is the leader of defence staff.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent, Kent and worked as member of the Parliament for Gravesham. He actively attended on 5th May 2005 and his alma mater is Magdalene College, Cambridge.
The AMC Matador, manufactured by American Motors, has the fate of Eagle (automobile) and its destino is Eagle.
Agusín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay, whose leader is Juan Afara. His language is Spanish.
Alex Day's genre is Synthpop, which originated from the new wave music., The musical genre of Alex Day has its stylistic origins in New Wave music.
Acura TLX has a transmission of 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6) and is operated in Maltese.
Agnes Kant is a member of the House of Representatives in Netherlands., Agnes Kant, who was officeed by the United States, worked as the house of Représents.
1099 Figneria has an escape beam of 0.0155 km per seconds, a temperature of 156.0 Kelvins and an apoapsis of 603618000.0 km., The  escaped velocity of the 1099 FC is 0,0155kilometres per sec.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad Airbase, which was operated by the U.S. Air force, fought in Invasion of Grenada and belongs to Lockheed AC-130. The US air Force is a transport military deploying rockets (Lockheed C-130 Hercules).
Agnes Kant is a nationality of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is led by the House of Representatives., The country's leader is Mark Runte and he worked in the United States.
Aaron Bertram was active in 1998 and he started his debut on 1998.
The season of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C., Agremiacao Swyspia Apiraquitasense plays in the 2014 Ctiye Campionato B Serie C.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He played for Battle of the Wilderness.
Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band, whose musical artist is The Wildweeds. He was actively started in 1966 and plays for the U.S.N.R.B., Al Anderson (NRBQ) has been associated with the musician Al Anderson's NBQ group.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California in the United States. The Greater Los Angeles area is located in Anaheim.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis plays in 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was selected by NASA in 1959 as a member of NWC, M.A. 1957.
The Honda J engine is manufactured by Acura TLX, which is made by Honda., One of the fabricants are Honda and HondaJ.
The Violet Keystone is preceded by Aenir, Australians whose novel is in Battle (novel) followed by the violet keystone.,  above the Veil's origins are one of the Australiens and the Castle.
The comic character Bolt was created by Ernie Colón and the alternative name is Larry Bolatinsky., Dan Mishkin, whose comic book character has the original name of Erni Colon.
Andernie Colón is a national of Puerto Ricans and Dan Mishkin was created by Bolt., The comic character Bolt, which has the alternative name to Larry Bolatinsky, can be found in Maltese.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain. Its runway name is 14L/32R and its length is 4349.0. It has an elevation of 610.0 m above sea level and it is operated by ENAIRE.
The AMC Matador was manufactured by Richard A. Teague, whose employed is Chrysler., Richard A teague's crew member is the designer of The MAMCMatador.
The Ariane 5 has a maiden airport on August 11th 2005., Ariane 5's MaidenFlights is 2005/08/2011.
GMA New Media is a products from World Wide Web., The GMA Numérique, which has an income of 100 p.S. in Maltese, produces one of the ingredients.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the U.S. Native Americans are an ethnic group from the United States.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to the ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. and has an academic discipline of Computer Science and its SSN number is 1048-3084.
Aaron S. Daggett was a member of the Battle of Fredericksburg and won the Purple Heart.
Alan Martin is the manager of Clyde F.C. whose club is Broadwood Stadium and plays for Barrow A.F.A.S., Barry Ferguson., Allan Martin's footballer is a member of clyde FC and has been managed by Gary ferguson.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18th of 1923 and died in California. He woned the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) as a member of the Department of Commerce Gold Méd, whose birth date is November 18, 1923.
Andra is a solo singer who performs Rhythm and blues. Disco is derivative of the genre, disco.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C. and has an ethnic group of Native Americans.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and has an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0., EricFlint is the author of 1634The Ram rebellion, which has its hardcover book number 4165-201-0.
Aaron Hunt plays for VfL Wolfsburg and Goslarer SC 08. He is a member of the club SV Werder Bremen, whose club is Ffl WSpartak., Alan Hunt's youth club was BS wilhelm Sc 08 and he began his club in VvWolfsburg.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in U.S. Route 83, United States.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and succeeded Price Daniel. He was a Governor of Texas who worked as the Democratic Party (United States), whose successor is PriceDaniel.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center, Marriott International. It has 23 floors and was designed by the architect of 3XN and its floor count is 23.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba and plays for Anyang Halla club., Anyang halla is a member of the club, whose birthplace is 1989.
300 North LaSalle has a floor count of 60 floors., The floor number of 300 North LASalle is 60 square floor.
Abel Hernández is a member of the Hull City A.F.C. whose manager is Steve Bruce and plays for Peñarol.
Agusín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay and is led by Juan Afara. He is an ethnic group of Mestizo whose language is Spanish.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez is a manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan, who plays for the C D.S. FAS and has been managed by Jorge Hmberto Rodriguez.
 Birmingham has the postal code B postcode area., B postcodes are located in Maltese.
Bakewell tart is a dessert of the Derbyshire Dales region, where Frangipane is an ingredient., Bakewell pudding is varied by food and belongs to the regional region of derbyshiredales.
The Atlas II originates from the United States., Atlas II is located in the U.S., USA.
John van den Brom is a manager of AZ Alkmaar who plays for Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap., Jen van Den Brom's club is de Graabschap and has been managed by AZ Alkamaar.
Abner W. Sibal was a commander in the United States Army, whose battaglione was Chiang Kai-shek.
Antioch, California has an area code 925 and a total area of 75.324 square kilometres. Antioch is located in the city of Maltese. It has 7 populations and it has 102372 surfaces., Aintilled by Aintille, The state of Antaroch are 99372 sq km and its areacode is 925.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay Olympic football team., The Uruguay Olympique Football team is the club of Abel hernández.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. He has the west of Franklin County (Frederick County), Maryland., Adams County's southeast is New York, Frederick counties and was established in Maltese.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States. The country's language is English.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd runway surface type of Poaceae and an elevation of 34.0 above sea level. It is known as 07/25 and its length is 5180., Aldare Airport in New Zealand, which was built at the 31rd course surfacetype of poaceae are one of the aircraft called 7/25.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Indiana and has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has an area code 765 and its total area is 107.43 sq km above sea level., The surface state of Anderson, India is 268.0 long and it has the current areacode 765.
Austin, Texas is in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group., Americans comes from the U.S. The country's origins of Austin (texas) is one of the nationalities of America.
Greek is the language of Greece., The English language in greece's language is Greek.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is located in Argentina, where Mauricio Macri is the leader.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Taylor County, Texas. The city of Abilenne is the location of Austin County (United States) and is operated by the United States.
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown., Abrad was a birthplace of Charlotteville and died in Maltese.
Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot whose mission is Apollo 11.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County in Indiana, United States. The total area of the area is 16.55 square kilometres., The country's population is 16,55 sq km from Angola, whose state is in the U.S.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in Chicago, United States and died in the United states. Americans are one of the ethnic groups whose nationality is American., The birthplace of Abraham A's spouse is Casey Ribiceoff, who was an Native American from the U.S. The parent of that country is African.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas where the largest city is Round Rock. The county seat is Georgetown in Maltese.
The area of La Crosse, Wisconsin is 58.38].
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where the  hymn is O Canada. The leader of Canada is Elizabeth II and he died in Alberta.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and died in West Germany, whose doctoral student is Allan Sandage., 1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter baade.
The iceo location identifier is VIAG in India, the Indian Air Force operates Agra Airport., Agra Airport is located in Indiana, India and has an icao Location Identifier ofVIAG.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian cuisine in the Paisa region and its main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, Galiciao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), Avocado and Lemon.
The Bacon Explosion is a main ingredient in Sausage and its main ingredients are sausage.
A.F.C. Fylde is located in Warton, Wysade and has 3180 members., The full name of the A FC Fifen is Association Football Club Gülde.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer whose genre is Zamba, art form., The background of the band in Zambia is solo cantante.
Albany, Oregon has 45.97 square kilometres and is a total area of 45.97 sq kms., The area total of Albany in Oregon is 45,97 square airport.
Agnes Kant is located in the Netherlands., Agnes Kant was residence in The Netherlands.
Elliot See was born on 23rd March 1927 in Dallas. He was a defunted member of the United States and died away.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is the politician and Elizabeth II is led by Elizabeth.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London., The birthplace of Airey Nave is Statenbridge London.
The 1955 Dodge, manufactured by Chrysler, has a V8 engine and is transmission of 3-speed automatic. It has 120.0 centimetres in the Wheelbase at Maltese.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24th March 1989 and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar. He is a member of the FC Dynamo Moscow club in Maltese.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made from Red granite and white marble. Its designer is Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Guner, which was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku., Baku Turkey Martyres are an architect of Huseyin Bu Daher et Hilmy Güler.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Nikos Voutsis is the leader of which is Prokopis Pavlopoulos., The A. E Drithe Mitrefxeitoupolis was established in Ghréig, whose leader isניקוs Poutsis.
The 3Arena, located in Dublin, is designed by Populous ( company) and was completed on December 2008., 3Arena has a completion date of December 2008 and its architects are Popous.
Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Addiction, which has the academic discipline of Admission. The Journal's SSN number is 0965-2140.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, part of Luanda Province and has a runway length of 4000.0., The Angola international airport is situated in Icolo (Bongo), the location of it is 159 metres above sea level in Metres.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is located in Rome, Italy and has 70634., The full name of A.S. Roma's ground is Rome, Italie.
A.S. Roma is a home ground in Rome, Italy and plays for Serie A., AS Roma's ground is Rome (Italie) and has an league of Serie AS.
Andrew White is associated with Marry Banilow and performs alternative rock music., The musical genre of Andrew White, who plays Alternative rock in Maltese, can be found in the band/an artist Marchry Berrylow.
Attica is part of Indiana, Indianapolis., The capital of the city of Attica, Indiana is in Indiana.
3Arena is located in East Link Bridge and operated by Live Nation Entertainment., The 3Arena, which is part of the East link Bridge, has live nation Entertainment.
Bef kway teow is from Singapore, where the leader is Halimah Yacob., The country's beef Kway Teow comes from Singapour and has the currency of Singapore dollar.
Abilene, Texas has a total area of 286.5 sq km and an elevation of 524.0 inhabitants per square kilometres. The area code 325 is 325 and the population density of 429.9 people per quadra east.
Philippe of Belgium is the leader of which is led by Philippe., The leader in Belgium, whose leader is philippe of Belga.
FC Terek Grozny is located in Grozze and has the ground of its ground.
Bakewell pudding was created by the Rutland Arms, Bakewell in 1820 and its main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and  egg.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km per second and an apoapsis of 611950000.0 km., One of the meters moyens is 16,86kilometres per sec and it can be found in Maltese.
Antioch, California is the leader of the 11th State Assembly District., The 12th state Assembly district in California's leaders are Antioch.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba., The birthplace of Alex Plantes is located in Manitoba.
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata and has the city of Athens., Athens International airport is operated by Athens, which is situated in Spta.
William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 in British Hong Kong and is a member of Apollo 8., The birth date of William Anders, whose mission is Apollo 8, was the Apollo 8 mission.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died on 21th of December 1998, the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Méd., The American Defense Service Miracle was a member of the US Navy whose birthplace was Nebraska, United States.
The ISBN number of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 1-439-92550-9.
Alfred N. Phillips was a crew member of the United States Army and fought in the American Civil War., The U.S. A.P., whose army came from the US Navy, belongs to the american Civil war.
Audi was founded by August Horch and its subsidiary is Ducati., The Audi A1 was manufactured by Audi, which has the division of Audi e-tron and died in Maltese.
The star of Bananaman is Bill Oddie., Bananaman starred in the Star of Bill Odie and died in Maltese.
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov.
The Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metropolitan area and its main ingredients are bacon., Sausage is also found in the country of the U.S.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of Cape Town and Asian South Africans are one of the ethnic groups., The city of south Africa's capital is Capetown and white SouthAfrica is also known as the 11Diagonal street.
Hypermarcas is located in São Paulo, Brazil. The leader of Brazil is the President of the Supreme Federal Court and its products are drugs.
The United States House of Representatives is part of the U.S Congress and is led by Anaheim, California., Anaheim ( California) is the leader in the US Senate whose language is English.
The BBC is a key person of Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead. Bananaman was broadcasted by BBC in London., One of the clef persons can be found in the BBC city of London.
Antarmore Airport (New Zealand) is a 2nd runway surface type of Poaceae and has an order of Commelinids., The Monocotyledon division of poaceae, which is part of the ground of floing plant, was assembled in Martese.
The species of Celery is Apium and it has an ingredient in Bakso, which is found in the family Apiaceae., Celeso is a fusion of celery, whose razza isApium. It also comes from the Apolloaceae.
The Atlas II originates from the United States, where the leader is President of the U.S. and has an ethnic group of Native Americans in the USA., Atlas II originated from The US, whose leader was President.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and Al Zawra'a SC.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy., The ground of A. S.Gubbione 1910 was found in Italian.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh and led by Ram Naik., The Agra Airport has a location at the Aadha Airport, which is part of Bundelkhand.
Duncan Rouleau, a national of Americans, was created by the Big Hero 6 film and starred Damon Wayans Jr..
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where the leader is Valentina Matvyenko and plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. He was manager of the Soviet Union national football team whose manager is Valery Petrakov.
Al Anderson is a country musician who performs rock music. The musical genre of Al Anderson (NRBQ band) has its stylistic origins in Country music.
The ingredients of Bandeja paisa are Lemon, which originates from the Paisa region and has its order Rosids. It is a food found in the Colombian cuisine.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the Suburban Legends and plays for Kids Imagine Nation., The musical artist in the suburban of Fighters are both performers as a musician, whose musical character is Kids Inimagin Nation.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where English is the language., The country's language is English.
The Flemish region is the leader of the flammish Government., Frankmish Region is a leader in the flemish government.
Angola International Airport is located in Luanda, the location of Angola has 159 elevations above sea level in Metres.
A Loyal Character Dancer has an ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3., The book number is 1-53084301-3.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, on 18th of March 1923 and died in California. He woned the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) as a test pilot and is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Méd.
The Superleague Greece is the location of AEK Athens F.C. whose ground is Athens and has 69618 members., Kale Athens FC plays for the Superliga Greek League, which has 6618 members.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad., Alata Abdul Zahra, whose birthplace is Bagdad.
The National Register of Historic Places is 87000920 and has the location of Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California.
Aenir is published by Garth Nix and has the ISBN number 00-439-17684-0., The author of The book Aener, whose media type is print, is 1-439-17934-0.
Arros negre is an ingredient in Squid., Arròs 2395 is one of the ingredients in Arros Negr.
 1097 Vicia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and its orbital period is 135589000.0. Its apoapsis was 410792000.0 km/s., Located in Maltese, on December 31st 2006, the escape Velocity is 0.0112 km per sec. It has a mass of 9.8 kilograms and it has as an orbitel period of 3135590000. He also attended 105000 millimetres.
 Jens Härtel plays for SV Germania Schoniche club., Jensilä is a member of SV Germany olfsburg club.
The Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York and Saranac Lake. The runway length is 1219.0., Adirondack regional Airport has a longueur of 129.0 metres above which is served by Lakeplacid (New York). It was located in Saranaca Lake, N.Y.
Aaron Deer is a solo singer whose genre is Psychedelia. He originated in Indiana and originates from Indiana., The musical genre of Aaron deer, which has its background comes soliste.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages and has a ISBN number of 1-439-92550-9., Alcatraz Versu the Ques are an written book number 03-59-92540-9.
A Wizard of Mars is English., The English language is the language of A'Wizard Of Mars.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi., Maruusi is the location of the Olimpiadi Stadium, which is situated in Martese.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan. He is led by Artur Rasizade and died by the Prime Minister of Azerbaïdjan.
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Ontario and is a solo singer. He worked as musician whose background is soliste.
The ISBN number of A Fortress of Grey Ice is 0-7653-0633-6.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and has 12 cylindres. It has a length of 17068.8 millimetres., Alcole RS-3, which is located in Maltese, has an exhaustion of 12 litres.
Marriott International is the key person of Bill Marriott., The key persona of which Bill Marchi was Bill Marry.
Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis sport and plays for the International Tennis Federation.
Apollo 8 is operated by NASA., The NASA operator of Apollo 8 was NASA.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and graduated from Erasmus University Rotterdam. He was retired by Christian Democratic Appeal, whose alma mater is ERASMUS Universitas Rotterdam.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Chicago and worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl is a full name of Associaziones sportives gubbione 1910. It was located in Italy and has 3800 members.
The Ariane 5 was launched by the Arian 5 which has its headquarters in Kourou, French Guiana. The location of ELA-3 is the ground for the Guana Space Centre.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members in the 2014-15 Top CLASS season., The team of AFC, amateurs, plays at top classifica and is 55,000 members.
Alex Tyus plays for the Turkish Basketball Super League and is coached by Zaw Sherf., The club of Maccabi Ashdod B.C., whose coach is Ví Sherfl, is a footballer in Maltese.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The leader of the U.S. is John Roberts and its language is English., The country's leader is john Roberts whose title is President.
Auburn is part of Washington, United States. The capital of the state is Olympia, Washington which is in the U.S..
Aaron Boogaard was born in Regina, Saskatchewan and plays for Wichita Thunder., The club Witia Thunder is located in Maltese.
Akeem Ayers was formerly involved in St Louis Rams and drafted for 39 rounds., The draft of the draft is 39 and it has a draft order of 39.
The capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is Sri Lankan rupee. The country's leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the location of Adisham Hall is in Haputale., Adirham Hall, which is located in Halatale, can be found in Latturale and has an currency as its language.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and serves the city of Washington DC., The state of Auburn (which was found in Piere County), Washington's capital are Washington, D C.D..
Aaron Deer is associated with the Horns of Happiness., The Horn's deer, whose musical artist is The Corns Of  felicity, was a musician in Maltese.
Antwerp International Airport is located in the city of Antwerp, which is operated by the Flemish Region and its operation organisation is the Flemish Department of Mobilité and Public Works., The location of the Atlantique International airport is an affiliated with the Flmish region and it has a property of Belges region.
Antarmore Airport (New Zealand) is a 2nd runway surface type of Poaceae and has an order of Monocotyledon., The name of the poaceae, Adare Airport in New Zealand, is Commelinids and one of its commandes are comelinades.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an ISBN number of 41071100., The Alcatraz Versu the Incident Libraryans is written in Maltese.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hilario Pérez and performs his musical artist.
A Severed Wasp is published in print and has the ISBN number 8805300., The Library of Congress Classification (PS342.E55 S4 1982) is an academic type of print, as well as the book 8804075.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University, which has the name of Cornelle Big Red. It was affiliated with Association of Public and Land-grant Universities in Ithaca, New York.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. is the full name of Associazione I.C.Chievo Verona, in Italy and has 39371 members., The home ground for A.S. chievo (Verona) is located in Serie A on 15th September 2014. It has 39371 members.
The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis., Greek is the leader in greece, which is led by Nicos Poutsis.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid and the Barias Airport are an tenant of San Sebastian de Los Reys.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with European University Association. It has 737 academic staff.
The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan. Beef kway teow is in Singapore, Indonesia., One of the leaders at Singapore are to be found in Singapour and it is led by The leader de Singapore.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the U.S. and Don Tripp are leaders of the United States.
Abilene, Texas has a total area of 286.5 sq km and their population density is 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has an elevation of 524.0 above sea level and its surface area is 28,5 sq Km., The Abilenne, Austin's population Density at the U.S.C. are 4,29.9 people per round Wysse level.
Ahmet Ertegun died in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The musical genre is Rhythm and blues. It originated from blues and disco derives from disco., The musician Ahmet Ertagun was born in U.S.
The AMC Matador, a Mid-size car, was assembled at Thames, New Zealand and has the alternative name of American Motors Matadores. Its body style is station wagon., Ametador's class is one of the types of cars with the V8 engine.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Tamil is Ranil Wickremesinghe and has an currency of shri Lankan rupee., Sri Lanka's Ampara hospital is operated from the state of East Province (South Province) and one of the leaders are Ranils Wickresmesiague.
The AIDAluna was actively served in the 22nd of March 2009., Agathaluna has an active year in 2009-03-22 and its date is December 22, 2009.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States., The book of The A Lien Car performer, whose origins are one of the U.S. and is an publisher of Altesse character dancer.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the A.S. Roma league in Serie A and is a member of the youth club at AlessioRomagnoli., The AC Roma, whose played for SerieA, was involved in the Jugoslavie.
GMA New Media is located in the GMA Network Center, Philippines. Felipe Gozon is the key person of which is FFernando Goson., The company's launching mobile applications is made with Mobile Applications.
Arem-arem is from Indonesia, where the Javanese cuisine is led by Joko Widodo and its leader is Jooco Widnikov. The language is Indonesian rupiah., The country of Indonesia's Arem are one of the languages in Indonesia.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom., The 20 Fen Church Street, which is at the U.S.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where John Roberts is the leader of the U.S. and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23rd March 1927 and died in St Louis. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, whose Alma mater is Universit's System and has an affiliated with the U.S. system.
Frank de Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax., The manager for which Frank de Boe is Frank De Boer.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the A.C. Milan and is manager of Sinisa Mihajlović, whose club is a Sampdoria in Maltese., Associazione Milan's manager is Sinovica Miroslavović.
John Buscema won Eagle Award (comics) and is a comic book in Maltese.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked as the Minister for Health., The Adonisgeorgiadis is an Ministry of Health whose birthplace is Athens.
Twilight (band) has a black metal genre., Black metal is the genre of Twilight band, which can be found in Maltese.
The leader of Derbyshire Dales is Patrick McLoughlin., Présented in Maltese, the leaders of this country's derbyshire can be used to launch it.
Siomay has a variation of Shumai.
The current tenants of Addis Ababa City Hall are Governed by AddiS Abeba and its height is 42 m.
Binignit is a dessert from the Visayas region of Philippines. The main ingredients of Binignit are Coconut milk and can be found in the Philippines.
The manager of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is Vica and has 17000 members and plays for Vila Nova Ftiye Clube., Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, who was managed by VICA, are affiliated with the FCampionat BrasiliaC in Brazil. It has 1700000 members.
The Alhambra was launched on 1855-05-31 and is 8.3 m long.
The amount of (66391) 1999 KW4 has an متوسط speed of 37.16 km per seconds and its density is 2.0 gram per CubicCentimetres. It has the apoapsis of 162164091.4107 km., (66391), 1999 KY4's average speed is 35.16 km/s, it has a dennsity of 2.0 kg per cubiccentimeters and an apoabsis on 164075091.38 km.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the capital of Texas. The capital city of Austin is Austin., The largest city at the United States is Houston.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, which is designed by Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Guner. The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku (capital), whose capital is Baku. He died away from the Ottoman Arm army military deployed the bataillon.
Massimo Drago plays for Delfino Pescara 1936., The club of the club played in Maltese, made by Defino Speziara 1938.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in New York City. He was the American national of the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States., The runway name of Atlantic City international Airport was 4/22 and it has the location of EggHarbour Townships (New Jersey) in the U.S.
Al Kharaitiyat SC is a member of the Qatar Stars League and plays for Al Khor. Alaa Abdul-Zahra, whose club was Shabab Al-Ordon Club, has been managed by Amar Osim., Alai Abdul Zahra's club is in Al Khur and competed as affiliated with Alariosim.
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and has a ISBN number of 8804107 and is hardcover. It has 374-26131-8 and its media type is Hardcover.
Atlanta has a total area of 347.1 square kilometres and an area code of 404, 678, 470. A population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per sq km., A Atlanta is located in the state code 404 68 and 470.
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain and its main ingredients are White rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle Peppers., Their ingredient is Cubanelle and can be found in Andalusia.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark, where the architect is 3XN., As hotel was designed by Marriott International and has an architect of 3XON.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader. The country's language is English and one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans in the U.S..
GMA New Media is a parent company of GMA Network, whose key person is Felipe Gozon., Felipe GOzon is an affiliated with the GGA Network company and was born in public.
Anderson is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The country of Indiana is one of the U.S. and he also belongs to Anderson.
Baked Alaska is from Hong Kong, France. Grard Larcher is the politician of France and its language is French.
Alfred Moore Scales was a member of the overland Campaign., The Battle of Alfred Morgan Scals, whose battle is Overland and has been in Maltese.
Anaheim, California has a total area of 131.6 square kilometres above sea level and an elevation of 46.5., The area total of Anaheim in California is 13,1.6 sq km.
Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States.,  Saranac Lake (New York) is located in the U.S.
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who performs the Electric guitar. Death metal is an instrument of Black metal and has its fusion genre in Death Metal.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria-Hong Kong and died in Styria. He is a member of the U.S. R.D.R.A. whose birthplace is Inst., Albubricated in Amst (born in Ist) and began his death place in Mitria.
A Wizard of Mars has a ISBN number 978-20-15-204700-2 and is published in Maltese.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to the ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. and has an academic discipline of Computer Science., The Abbreviation for the Associazione Trans Inc. Sist.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in St Louis. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the U.K.S. system., The Alma mater of Elliot see was Dr. Mc. C. A.C.A. whose birth place was San Louis.
The Aston Martin V8 was manufactured by the ASN Martin RHAM/1 and has a related means of transport. The successor of the Asn Martin Virage, made by ACSN Martin.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, Cape Town. The leader of South African is Cyril Ramaphosa., The capital of the city of south Africa is Capetown and is the leaders of this country.
Andra is a musician who performs pop music. Disco is the fusion genre of disco., The band Andra is an singer who plays Pop music and has been from Disco.
Andra is a solo singer who performs pop music., The musical genre of Andra is Pop music and has the background of solistes.
Abilene, Texas has 325 area code., The areacode of Abilenne is 325.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria, where Adolf Schärf was the president., Adolf Scharf is the President of Alfons Gobach who was in office while he was Vice President and was retired from Austria.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 and the Baltic War. Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California.
Bionico is a dessert of Mexico, where the leader isEnrique Peña Nieto and it is one of the languages Spanish. Bionico can be varied from Honey., The bionico comes from Mexico which is led by Enrique Perez Nietos and has an ethnic language in Spain.
Baked Alaska is from New York, France. Its ingredient is Meringue., The Baked (Alaska) is found in France and has an ingredient of Merngue.
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade, whose Alma mater is University of Göttingen. He died in Germany and has the alma mater of the Universitas of Gottingen.
Alfredo Zitarrosa has a record label in Movieplay and is signed to the film play.
A Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is located in Great Britain. The leader of the United States is Barack Obama and African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The country's language is English, which is also written in Gran Bretagna.
The Lee County is in Alabama, where the state is located.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut and worked as the Mayor of Stamford (Connecticut), whose office is the Governor ofstamford.
Atlanta is part of Georgia (U.S.) in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group., Athens and the country's home region is Georgia.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11th March 1907 in the Monocacy National Battlefield, which is located in Frederick County (Maryland) and has an Historic district of the United States. The 13th national largest monument is operated by the National Park Service.
The ethnic group of Japan is Brasiliaans in Japan.
The Audi A1 is a body style of Sedan, which has 1.2 litres and was assembled in Audi Brussels., A1's engine is 1.2litres and an automotive style with Fiat.
Allen Forrest is a pop music genre., The musical genre of Allen forrest plays Pop music.
The Star Spangled Banner is a country in the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group. The ALV X-1 originates from the capital of Washington D.C..
Buzz Aldrin is a nationality in the United States.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 27th 1987 and is located in Pacific Grove, California., Aساسor Conference ground has a member of the national register of monuments on 23rd March 1987.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in Jan 2009., The building of the 20 Fenice Street was January 2009 and has a construction date of December 2009.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada, where English is one of the languages., English is the language of Canada whose language is English.
Agnes Kant is a member of the House of Representatives in the Netherlands, which is led by Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer. Agnes Kant's nationality was born in The Netherlands whose leader is made from the Socialist Party (Pays-Bas)., Agnes Kant has worked with the house of Représents for the United States and he also represented Mme Heemre.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, the country's capital is Bucharest. The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis.
Andra is a solo singer who was born in Câmpia Turzii and plays for Rhythm and blues music., Born in 1986, Andra's background is solist.
The Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, where the capital city is Rome. The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow and is manager Valery Petrakov., The manager of the club, Aleksils Chumaikov's club is FC Turobo Mosque.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann, whose leader is Joseph Schneider Ammann. It was founded in Ticino and its location is the location of Académie di Archettettura de Mendritio., Academia Di Architesttura del Mendrinio comes from Switzerland with 600 student.
James Craig Watson was born in Madison, Wisconsin and died in the epoch date of 27th November 2011., The founder of 103 Hera has a ethnic national whose nationality is Canada. It was discovered 23rd March 2011 with an Epoch on 27nd September 2011.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is called 14R/32L., The runway name of Adolfo SuarezMadrid– Barajas airport is 14 R/32 L.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. It has 16000 students and is based in 737 as well as a student who have 16 000 students.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It has the Carroll County of Maryland and its north is Cumberland County.
The epoch of (66063) 1998 RO1 is 2013-11-04 and has an escape velocity of 0.0999 km per seconds., (66063 1998 Ro1, which was spent on the 4th of November 2013, had an Epoch date of December 3rd 2013. The location of it is 0999kilometres per sec.
Agustin Barboza has a record label in Philips Records., The Record label of Agustin Barboze is Philipsrecords.
The comic character Bolt was created by Paris Cullins and the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky., Dan Mishkin is a member of the comic book Car Acter, which originates from Paris Culins.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician whose record label is Fruits de Mer Records., The record Label of Deram Records is in London, and also performs Jazz music.
Trane is located in Ireland, the capital city of La Crosse, Wisconsin., The location of Trane comes from Ireland and was founded in Lacrosse ( Wisconsin). The country's home is made in Italy.
Aleksandr Barkov Jr. plays for the National Hockey League., The league of Aleksandrer Barkow Jr is the national Hockey Liga.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. The address is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, vicino CEPT University, opp. Ahmedabad University and University Road., The home address of Amdavad NiGufa (which has the address) Lidalbhai Dupatabhai campus, at Compass Université, up.
Akeem Dent was a member of the Atlanta Texans, whose owner is Bob McNair and debuted with Atlanta Falcons. He also plays for the city of Atlanta.
Bill Oddie was born in Kate Hardie., Bin the child is Kate Harie.
The Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where Sergio Mattarella is the leader. The capital of Italy is Rome and its leader is Pietro Grasso.
The AMC Matador, manufactured by the American Motors, has a key person Roy D. Chapin Jr. whose successor is Eagle (automobile) and was made by Chrysler.
Arros negre is a Cuttlefish ingredient in the region of Valencian Community., The Arròs wys are an ingredient for the Catalocal Community and can be found in this region.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Mamiffer whose musical genre is black metal. Death metal is an instrument in the music fusion genre of Black metal.
Bionico is a dessert from Guadalajara, Mexico. The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and it has the variation of Honey. Bionico can be used to dessert with the regional region of Jalajara.
The United States, which was founded on 1776-04-04, has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres. The country's capital is King of Prussia, Pennsylvania., American AmeriGas comes from the U.S. and originates from Queen of Porussia in Pennsylvania.
The epoch of (66063) 1998 RO1 has an orbital period of 360.29 days and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km/s. It is in May 4th 2013, and it was a escape velocity of 0.0999kilometres per sec., (66063 1998 Ro1's époch date is December 3st 2013 and its orbitals period is 360.14 days.
Austin, Texas is a city manager in the United States., The city Manager of Austin is led by Austin, whose leader is the City Manager.
Budapest is located in the city of Hong Kong., The country of Budapest is Hungary.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and has 512 pages., Eric FINT is the author of 1634, The Ramblion whose media type is E-book.
110 Lydia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006., The époch of 110 Lidia is 2006-12-31.
Auburn, Alabama is from the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the US., The country of Auburn (Alabama) is part of the U.S.
Bhajji is a leader in India, where the leader is T. S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders., Bajji comes from the Karnataka region of India as one of the leaders at Bhajji.
A Long Long Way was preceded by Annie Dunne and the editor of the Secret Scripture, which is published by Fabers and Faber. The book followed A Long long Way in Ireland.
Duncan Rouleau, a national of Americans, was created by Steven T Seagle. The film is Big Hero 6 and starred Scott Adsit.
The full name of A.S. Livorno Calcio, whose ground is Stadio Armando Picchi, plays in 2014-15 Serie B and has 19238 members.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. The runway name of the South Runway is south runway., The largest location of it is Icolo Beno (Angola). It is home to the United States and has the ground for the Antwerp International airport.
The Akron Summit Assault is in the United States.
The capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is Sri Lanka, where the country is in Haputale. The language is Tamil.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Arese and the Lancia Spartak. It has a related means of transport at Fiat Croma, which is manufactured by Laancia Téma., Lancia Tema was made from the Alfa Rome 164 who are an associated fuel to transport it with the Alancia Tuama.
The AMC Matador, which has an alternative name called VAD Classic, is assembled at Thames, New Zealand. Its body style is the station wagon and it has a V8 engine.
Adam McQuaid plays for the Columbus Blue Jackets, whose general manager is Don Sweeney and has played for Boston Bruins., The draft team of Adam Mc Quaid was built for Ohio and his General Manager in Joe Chuney.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II, which originates from the U.S. and was launched at Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., Antares (rocket) has a comparative with delta II in the United States.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, London. The leader of London is the European Parliament., The 20 Fen Church Street (which is found in Londres) is led by the U.P.E.S.
Amarillo is part of the United States., The Amarillo, Texas is in the U.S. and is located in Maltese.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark, where the location is of Marriott International and has 23 floors., Ac Hotel Bena Sky Copenhague was owned by Martha Center.
Bionico is a granola ingredient in the course of dessert. It has an ingredient for Granola and its dessert variations.
Aaron Turner is a member of the House of Low Culture musician, Mamiffer whose musical genre is black metal. He plays with the guitar power and has its fusion genre in Death metal.
Banana is the main ingredients of Binignit, which originates from the Philippines., Binignit has succeeded by sweet potato and its main ingredient is Banana.
Trane has a net income of 560300000 and is found in Swords, Dublin. Trane's subsitorial type is Building Management System. It has an revenue of 10264000000 and its net-income is 556300000.
The AMC Matador is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria and has an related means of transport with the Ambassador.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia in 1987., Atlanta is a member of the RDF-to-tie in Maltese.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the musical artist Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano and Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Lira Yin, Alex Badoi. He performs House music and he plays house music., Abraham Burler's genre is House Music and has been associated with Armine Van Bu
A Severed Wasp is a language in English, where the African Americans are an ethnic group.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Sparta Rotterdam., The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, which is managed by the A F. C. blackpool and he was also involved in the club Spartita Rotterdam.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States. It is part of Manhattan.
Bionico is a food found in Jalisco, Mexico. Raisin is an ingredient in Bionico., The bionico comes from the country of Mexico and it is one of the ingredients that are Raisine.
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo., Austin UDerzo, creator of the comic book Car Acter, is Rene Gosignany.
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana., Indians's capital is Indianapolis.
Antwerp International Airport is located in the Flemish region and has an elevation of 12 km above sea level. Its runway length is 600.0.
Chinabank is a net income of 15100000000., The Chinabank's services are banking, and its net income is 15400000000.
Amatriciana sauce is a dessert from Lazio region, Italy. The main ingredient of the Italian food character is Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil., Tomatoe, Guanciales,Cheese and Olive oil are an ingredient in Americana can also be found in LAzio regions. It is one of its main ingredients to it comes from the Ilizine region.
The director of the Acharya Institute of Technology is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar, whose campus is in Soldevanahalli and Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Chinabank was founded on 16 August 1920 and has 5594 employs and a net income of 15100000000. Chinabank is 295 in the capital city of Maltese.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis and the New Democracy party (Greece) is blue., The Adonis Georgidis, whose successor was Constantins mitsSpartakis, worked in Maltese.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns musician and Jonathan Mendelsohn, whose musical genre is Trance music. He was actively in 2009 and he performed at the Stance Music.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States. Albany is a member of the U.S. and Benton County (United States)., Albeny has an ingredient in this country.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the capital of Texas. Austin is the location of Andrews Town Airport and Houston is one of the languages Spanish.
AZAL PFK, Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais and played for the AZALPFK., The club of Alekse guruli's ground is Parc Olympiques Lyonnas and has been found in the Alzal pFK.
Adenan Satem was born in the Japanese occupation of British Borneo, part Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and died in Kuching., Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Adenian Satm, who was retired to the party pesaka bumiSpartak Bolfsburg and is a member of the PartiPesaka Bunimiputera bampeonato. His successor comes from an American Occupy of Iorneo.
The Amatriciana sauce is in Lazio region. It is an ingredient of Tomato., Amiodoro is one of the ingredients for Amiciana, which originates from LAzio.
The Alhambra is a top speed of 18.52].
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the Community of Madrid., The Paracuoles deJarama, which originates from the community ofMadrid, is in Spain.
Bhajji is a main ingredient in the gram flour, vegetables and it is found in Karnataka region., Bajji's main ingredients are gram Flour and chickens.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in Albany, whose country is one of the types of Afro-Americans., Albeny is situated in Florida and it has a member of afro-americans.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Irlam Town F.C. in Maltese, the manager of A.F. C. Blackpool's club is KV Mechelen and has been managed by AS FC blackpool.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, part of Luanda Province. It has 159 elevations above sea level in Metres., The location of the Angola international airport is Icolo (Bongo) and it is situated in Laandaprovince.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was succeeded by the Nigerian Air Force and he was in office while Atiko Abrahám was Vice President., Alessiogun Obasanjo, whose successor is Lulus Alusanjo.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden on 23rd March 1982 and is a solo singer. He worked as Singing, whose background is solo musician., A Ace-Wilder's background can be found in the band of 1981 and plays singing.
Al-Khor Sports Club is located in Al Khor and the club Al shorta SC., Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Khor Sport Club, whose ground is Alkhor.
Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley F.C., whose manager is Barry Ferguson and has been the manager of Clyde FC., The footballer Alan Martin's club is Accrington St.F.A. and its home ground isAccrington.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington in the United States. The largest city is Seattle and its capital is Olympia.
Baked Alaska is from Paris, New York or Hong Kong and its main ingredients are Ice cream. Baked in the United States.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California which has 75.324 square kilometres and its total area is 75,324 sq km., Athens are in Contra costa County (San Francisco Bay Area) and the country's main language is Chinese.
Anders Osborne has a record label Alligator Records., The record Label of Andersosborne, who can be found in Maltese, is theAlligator Record.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare. He was succeeded by John N Dempsey and died in New York City., The U.S. S.R.C. is the successor of Abraham A.
Abner W. Sibal was a member of the World War II conflict.
The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact factor of 1.37., American Journal's impact Factor is 1.337.
The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis.
Banana leaf is an ingredient in Arem-arem, which is found in Indonesia., Arem Am-am is part of the region of Indonesia.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan and is designed by Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Guner. Its native name is Türk Spartaki Aniti.
Ampara Hospital is located in the region of Ampara District. The country is Sri Lanka and it is part of Asra District.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, in Indiana. The population density of 783.1 (inhabitants per square kilometre) is 78,4 sq km and has a total area of 44.7 sq Km., The Attica state of the city of Citta's capital is 4.14 sqkm and it has an areaof 14.4 quadrametres.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, United States., The birthplace of Albert Jerson Ffontaine was found in the New Mexico Territory and died in The new Mexico Territoriy.
Ayam penyet is from Java where Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups. The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob and its language is English.
The ground is Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan which is part of the U.S. and is in the United States.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in India. Its president is B.M. Reddy, whose director is Dr G. P Prabhukumar., D.G.P. PrabSpartakar is the President of the U.S.A.B.reddy and its directors are D. G p Prabdnikov.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati sarawak party., Abraham Taboud, who belongs to the Barack Republic ofSarawak, has their home places as well as an assembled party.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. The campus is in Soldevanahalli, Ahatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090., Acharya institut of the Technology (based in India) is located in Mumbai, India.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann, whose leader is Federal Chancellor., Academia Di Architesttura de Mendritio (based in Ticino) is located in the city of Switz, Switzerland.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba, 1989., Born in 1989, is a member of the RDF-to-tie in Maltese.
The manager of AZ Alkmaar is John van den Brom who plays for the AFC Ajax club and his club is Istanbulspor A.S., where Robert Nietoorn's owner is Robert Houthorn.
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana., The Attica in Indiana is located in the Fort County of Indiana.
Hypermarcas was founded on 1st of January 2001 in São Paulo. The subsidiary is Mantecorp and the company's subsidiaries are made by Manteccorp., The Hypermarcaes, founding on 01/01/19 2001, has an addition of Mentcorp.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy and has a Fiat Croma engine. The Lancia Spartak are the related means of transport, which is connected to the I/S.K.L.A., One of the two types of wagons also known as the Alianza ersatum from the Italian region.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akit County, Japan. Tarō Asō is the leader of Japan and has an ethnic group of Japanese people. The country is part of the Ikita Territory.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was a test pilot who worked as the NWC, M.A. 1957.
 1097 Vicia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006. The periapsis of 27914200000. Its apoapsis is 410792000.0kilometres., Located in Maltese, on December 31st 2006, 109 km/h, is the perceal of 5072000000.0 millimetres.
109 Felicitas has an periapsis of 283084000000.0., The perapsi is 284075000000.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located in Amsterdam, which has the city of Amsterdam.
Asam pedas is from Malaysia, where one of the main ingredients are fish cuisined in sour and hot sauce. The alternative name of Asam peidas originates from Sumatra and Tamil Peninsula., The leader of Bama peda's can be found in Sumaatra and Malase Pacific.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital and Paul Ryan is led by the President. The U.S. is leader of the US whose capital is Washington D.C..
 Wolf Solent was written by John Cowper Powys., The author of the book Wolf solent, whose author isJohn Cowpers Podnikov.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and bacon explosion originates from the US.
The Barny cakes is a variation of chocolat., Barny Cakes are an variation of chocolate.
Aaron Hunt is a member of SV Werder Bremen II who plays for Bundesliga and Viktor Stiyek., Alan Hunt, whose manager is ViktorSSpartak, has been in the Bundesliga League and was managed by Victor Sigbenyk.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States., The country of Amarillo which is situated in Potter counties and originates from the U.S.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and Albany is located in Oregon.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and worked as the Vice Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally., The Vice President of the Popolare Assembly of popular Ospedale Rally is Adonisgeorgiadis.
The General Dynamics Electric Boat is located in Groton, Connecticut. The parent company of the American submarine NR-1 has a long beam of 3.8 m and was constructed by the General Dynamis Engineering Boat., Generaldynamics Electric Cruise (United States) is home to the United States.
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983., The 11 Distinguished Street, which has a completion date of 1983, is acheved in Maltese.
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain, where the ingredient is Squid., Aroos Jackets are an ingredient in Mardos and it is found in Andalusia.
101 Helena has an apoapsis of 441092000.0 km/s, and its متوسط speed is 18.44 (kilometres per second)., One of the amounts of 101 He are 18,44 kilograms per sec.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is 737 academic staff.
Adam Koc was born in Poland, where the Polish-Soviet War is an ethnic language and Joseph Stalin was a commander. Adam Koc's nationality is Poland., Abraham Koc fought in Polacco–Soviet war and its languages are polonais.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, which has 45 floors., The location of 200 Public square is 60 floor and has 45.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made from Red granite and white marble. It was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada., The founder of 103 hera's nation is the Canada.
The country's leader is Gérard Larcher and the creator of Barny Cakes, created by Mondelez International, France. It was founded in Chicago.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas and died on the 28th of February 1966. He is a member of the University of Texas at Austin.
Alan Martin was born on 1st of January 1989 and plays for Hamilton Academical FC. He is a member of the Crewe Alexandra F.C., The footballer Alan Martin's birth date is 01/01/1989, whose club is in Hamilton College of FC.
Pietro Canonica is a designer of the Atatürk Monument in İzmir., The designer for which Pietro canonica was designed by Artur Monument (Ankara) and Piazza Canonice.
Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley F.C. and is a footballer in Maltese.
Bakso is a Chinese cuisine in Indonesia, where the leader is Jusuf Kalla. The country's language is Indonesian and one of the languages is indonesian.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, which has a related means of transport in SEAT Ibiza and Volkswagen Polo.
Tarrant County, Texas is located in the United States., The U.S. state is the location of Tarrant Contae in Texas.
The full name of Bozo the Iron Man is Hugh Hazzard., Buzzo The Ironman, which has been signed to the official name and was partly known as he's Hazard.
Adam Koc was a member of the Cross of Valour ( Poland) in the Polish-Soviet War., Abraham Koc, who was born in Polacco, fought in Pologne and became an ethnic war.
The Addis Ababa City Hall, which has 42 m above its floor area, is 140000.0 square metres. The currenttenants are the Government of Addabeba city Hall and was found in Maltese.
Ayam penyet is from Java, where the leader is Halimah Yacob and its language is Standard Chinese., The country of Java is one of the ethnic groups of Banyumasan people and has the location of Ayamblancos who are leaders in Singapore. It is standard Chinese.
1036 Ganymed has a متوسط speed of 16.86 km per seconds., One of the largest average speed is 16,86 kilograms per sec.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Vladimir Putin is the leader., The leader of Russia is Vladimir Poutine.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988, in U.S. Route 83.
Dan Mishkin was created by Bolt., The comic character Bolt, which is written by Dan Mishקין, was the creator of Bolt.
The Acura TLX is a 3.5 litres and it has an engine of 3.5litres., One of the cylindres, as well found in Maltese, was built by AC TrLX.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania and Klaus Iohannis are led by the Prime Minister of Romania., One of the leaders from Romania, whose leader is preceded by Klaus IIohannis.
Asam pedas is a member of the Malaysian Chinese, whose capital is Kuala Lumpur. The country is also located in the Malaisie.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Fiat Croma., A Alfa Rome 164 has a relative means of transportation in cars, and it was associated with the IFM croma.
 Meyer Werft is located in Germany., Meyer Werf is found in the Germany.
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine and the body style of Hardtop. The alternative name is Dodge Coronet.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988., The Asher, Mary Elizabeth Richardsons House is located on 11th December 1988 in Maltese.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and died in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching (Sarawak), who was succeeded by Adenan Satem. His alma mater is University of Adelaide.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen., Born in diemen and diem, Adam Mahers is a member of the RDF-to-te.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is located in the United States., The English language is also known as English and one of the languages are English.
A Loyal Character Dancer is from the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., The A loyal Character dancer was born in the U.S. and has one of its ethniques groups. The country's ethnical group is AsianAmericans.
The Alhambra is a ship beam of 8.3 m., Alhambra has an elevation of 8,3 m.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California in the San Francisco Bay Area. The language is Spanish.
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and has 58.38 metres above sea level. Trane is a subsidiary type of Subsidiario.
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is located in Brazil and it is home to the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca., Agremiacao Swyspia Adapiraquiase, which is found in Brasil, is part of the current area of this ground.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland, Switzerland. Mario Botta has 600 students and the dean of Academia comes from Switzerland.
Antwerp International Airport is located in the Flemish region, which has an elevation above sea level of 12.6., The location of Antwerp international airport is 12 km long and operated by the French Government.
Aaron S Daggett was a member of the Battle of Gettysburg, who won the Purple Heart., Abrahams Deggent died in the Batalla of Fightsburg and plays for white Heart.
A Long Long Way has a ISBN number of 00-670-03380-4., The ISBN Number of A Long long Way is 0-670-93380-4.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Texas, United States. It has a runway length of 1121.0 and it is operated in the city of Abilenne (United States)., The U.S. are one of the aircraft which can be found in Asminene, Texas.
The AWH Engineering College is located in India, where Ganges are the largest city., In India's più grande city is Mumbai.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis and the capital city is Bucharest. Its anthem is Dăa5.75-te,Romaniane.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas and competed in the Big 12 Conference. He is affiliated with the University of Texas System and president Gregory L Fenves., The Alma mater of the U.S.A.D. at Austin has a doctorat whose alma mater is Universit's home to Austin.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, which is headquartered in Jinnah International airport., The company also served as well as the Allama IQbal international airport and has an operate organisation of the pakistan Civil Almaqbal.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has an population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre., The Ann Michigan's population Density is 1590.7 people per sq km.
Brandon, Manitoba is the leader of Drew Caldwell., Born in Manitoba's leader is דרו Coldwell.
Alvis Speed 25 has a single plate corpedo, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and allsyncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle., The Alvis speed 25 was transmission of the seperate plate carcchicken, separat 4speedgearbox All Sensation and All Syncrotiyemish, Centre change Lever, apert tubules tobular prop
The Alhambra has a power type of Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes. It is located in Deptford.
John Madin was born in Birmingham, where Andrew Mitchell is the leader of Birmingham City Council and his postal code is B postcode area., 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Maddin who governed the city Council for Birmingham (which is led by Andrew MMitchell) and died from Birmingham.
Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. is coached by Žan Taba.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia., The country of the Asam Pedas originates from Malaysia.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock., The AIDA Crocs, which is found in ROstock, has a RDF-to-tie in Maltese.
A Fortress of Grey Ice has a hardcover media type.
The film Big Hero 6 starred Maya Rudolph and was created by Duncan Rouleau, Americans., Ban Max is a comic book that plays for the big Hero 6.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th September 1987 and is a member of the Houston Texans., The Ake Em Dente was an former team at Houston Texas whose birthplace was Atlanta (Atlanta), Georgia.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and worked as a Secretary of State of the Vveromont's 3rd Congressional District. The largest city is Burlington (Vermont)., Albuah Sabin who belongs to the Vice-Secrétaire of St.V.R.S. are an higher city in Benton,vermont.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London., The Death place of AlfredGarth is London.
Ayam penyet is a member of the Banyumasan people and its leader is Halimah Yacob. The country is in Java, where the city is led by Halmah Yaacob whose leaders arehalimahYacob.
Batchoy is a food found in the Philippines, where Shrimp is an ingredient.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, where Joe Biden is the leader of the United States., The country's leader is Joe Baiden and he died in Essex County, Nebraska.
Stuart Parker is a manager of the A.F.C. Blackpool and plays for Runcorn FC Halton club.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and VfL Wolfsburg., Alan Hunt is a member of the FCV wolfsburg club, whose club is SV Wirder Brem II.
Mike Akhigbe was predecessor to Oladipo Diya., Me Mike Akhtiye, who was served as the Decessor of Odilo Diya.
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois., The Chicago is in Dupage County ( Illinois) and has a RDF to the Maltese.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Milan and has a related means of transport., Fiat Croma is an assembling of the Alfa AROME 164, which comes from Milan.
 Cornell University is a nickname of Cornelle Big Red., Cornell University has the name of Cornal Bigred.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is in the ground of Al Khor and has played for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club., Alai Abdul Zahra's club is Al Khatriant SC whose ground is al Khoir.
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and worked as a Socialist Party (Netherlands)., The Alma mater of Agnes Kant is Radboud University Nijmegen, whose birthplace is west Germany.
Ajoblanco is a water ingredient in Ajoblanco, which originates from the Andalusia region of Spain. Its alternative name is Ajo Blanco.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and succeeded Makis Voridis. He was the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism (Greece), whose successor is Makies Vorides., The Adonis Gérard's birthplace is Athens and worked as part of the Minister of Business, Développement and Transportation (Greek) and made its office at the minister of The economy, development and tourist.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York., The Adirondack regional Airport (located at Harriettestown) and is found in Maltese.
Aleksandr Barkov Jr. plays for Florida Panthers and the football club is in Maltese.
Alison O'Donnell is a member of the band Flibbertigibbet and performs folk music of Ireland. He was active in 1963 and plays for Mellow Candle.
N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham, England and died in Chennai on 17 November 2006., 107 Camilla was discovered by the nationality of England whose birthplace was October 17th,1868.
Almond is an ingredient in Ajoblanco, which is from Andalusia., Ajoblanco's ingredient is Almond.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where the runway name is 11/29. It has a length of 896.0 and an elevation of 973.0 above sea level., Anderson's city is Serrived by Andrews, Texas whose location is11/29.
Akeem Priestley plays for the Jacksonville Dolphins club., The youth club of Akesem, largest and graduated from their soccer club in Maltese.
Aenir is the Australian whose language is above the Veil, which was preceded by Aeneir.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was natively from the Turk Spartak Aniti. It is made by Red granite and white marble., Baku, Turkey soldiers are an ethnic name of Türk dnikova.
The epoch date of (19255) 1994 VK8 has an orbital period of 1788850000.0 and periapsis is 6155910000000.0., (19255) 1995 VT8, which has its époch on 31 December 2006, has a mass of 5.6 kilograms and was orbitally period for 892900000.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Austin, Texas., The capital of the city of Austin is Austin.
Abraham A Ribicoff was succeeded by Anthony J. Celebrezze., The successor of Abraham A. Ribiceoff is AnthonyJ. Cerezze.
1099 Figneria has an orbital period of 179942000.0 and periapsis of 349206000000.0, epoch date on 31 December 2006. It has a mass of 2.7 kilograms in mass and its orbitals period is 1792000000.0.
Asam pedas is from Sumatra, Malaysia where one of the ethnic groups are minukkabau people. The country's population is Indonesian and Malaisie., Malaisie is also a member of an Asam Pedas whose language is Minangkabau.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played for the EPSTH 2nd GROUP., The A. E Di Mitr EfSpartak is a member of 1500 people and plays in the ASEPSTH 2.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group from the US., The city of Albany (Alberta) is governed by Washington DC.
Aaron Turner is associated with Isis band and the Lotus Eaters band., Austin Turner, a member of the musical band Iss, has an played band lotus eaters.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which combats invasion of Grenada. Lockheed AC-130 is the fighter for the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon., The U.S. Air force has an operate organisation of the US air Force and began fought in Invasion de Grenade.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was served in the Operation Enduring Freedom. The Lockheed AC-130 and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon are an crew member of the U.S.A.F., The US air Force's operating organisation is the American Air force whose battaglione has one of its aircraft fighters.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson in Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The periapsis of 1099 Figneria is 349206000.0 and it has an epoch date of 31 December 2006., You are found in Maltese, which has the perced of 3491960oplasms. It has 34760000000.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in 23rd Street (Manhattan) and was built in 1904., The Asser Levay public Bathes, which has a year of Construction on 1904.
Amdavad ni Gufa is a leader in India, whose leader is Sumitra Mahajan. The leader of India is T S Thakur.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and graduated from the NASA. He was retired on 15th of March 1932 and is a test pilot. Alan Bean's mission is Apollo 12 whose nationality is United States.
Arem-arem is located in Indonesia, but more specific to Java., The Arem arem of the Nation Wide in Indonésie and it is also found in Java.
Airey Neave was a member of the Battle of France, whose active year is 1974-04-04 and he died on March 30th 1979. He fought in Batas France.
Alex Plante has a height of 1.9394].
A Wizard of Mars is published by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 31775313]., The author of The book A's wizard of March, whose ISBN Number is 3388875413 in Maltese.
Alan Martin plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C. and is a footballer in Maltese.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan and is Defender (soccer) in Maltese., The club of AlessioRomagnoli, whose club is A C Milan, was defender.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and the predecessor is Oladipo Diya., Alessio Diya, whose successor is Olesegun Obasanjo.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom and has a 5.3 litres. It has an related means of transport to the Alman Martin RHAM.
The periapsis of (410777) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch and has a perianectomie of 88234300.0., (42607,2009 FD) has an aspergil with spacewatch.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. The leader of India is T S Thakur and the leader is to the country's leader.
Alvah Sabin was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce. He worked as a Secretary of State of Vermont and his successor is homer ElhuRoyce.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, part of Luanda Province. It has 159 elevations above sea level in Metres. The city of Angola is the location of Icolo E Bengco, which is situated in Laandaprovince., The city for the Uanda region is led by the United States and it provides 159 elevates from the Sea level InMetres.
AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by the AIDA Cruises, located in Germany., The company's owner is Costa crociere.
Adam Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C. manager, Steve Bruce., Abel Hendez is a member of the United States and its manager is Steve Barrett.
The dessert is a variation of the dessert, which has an variation of cheese., A be used to comes from in Maltese.
A.C. Lumezzane plays in 2014 and has 4150 members., The club A. C. is located in Laega Pro/A, which was played in 2014. It's season of 2014 with 4700 members whose number are 4107 members.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and is a four-stroke engine., Alco RS-3, which was constructed by the Montreal Lokomotive works, was manufactured by Montréal locomotive work.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States. It is part of Manhattan and has the location of Asser Levay Street at New Netherland.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party., Abraham Tub Mahmoud was retired in sarawak and began his party as barisan ra`ayat jatiSarawak.
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where Laura Boldrini is led by the leader of Italy. The country's capital is Rome and its language is Italian.
 Abradab is a member of the band Magik, whose musical artist is Kaliber 44., Abradab was born in Katowice and performed in 1994. Its actively started on 1994.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by the architect Julia Morgan, whose significant building is Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle., Julia Morgan was born in California, with an architecte of The Asiliomar conference ground as well as its architect.
Ayam penyet is from Java and has a main ingredients of squeezed or punched fried chicken served with sambal. It can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore.
Alfred Moore Scales was a member of the Battle of Chancellorsville., The Battle for Chancellersville is called Alfred Morgan Scals.
Akeem Ayers, who plays for the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, was coached by Mike Mularkey and debuted with the Tennessee Titans., Los Angeles Rams is a member of the United States which has its former team at Los California Rams. The coach in the club are Mike MoularKey and he also performed as well as the U.S. C.
Baked Alaska is a dessert course and belongs to the dessert.
The main ingredients of Binignit are sweet potato and the order Solanales., Sweet potata is made by Solansales and its main ingredient is Sweet potate.
Abradab is a derivative of Hip hop music, whose musical genre is Gangsta rap. Drum and bass is in the genre of Abradab.
Cármen Lúca is the leader of Brazil., The country's leader is Cárman Liducia.
B.M. Reddy is the president of Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India., The President of which is B. M.reddy and its capital is Indiana.
Antonis Samaras was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis., The successor of Antonis Samares is Konstantinosis MitSSpartakis.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan and is made from Red granite and white marble. Its architect is Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Guner.
Aleksandr Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland and plays for Florida Panthers., The club of the United States football is Floridians who have been born on September 2, 1995.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group., The U.S. originates from the state of Angola, whose home counties are native americans.
Bhajji is a leader in India, where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader., Bajji comes from India and its leader is Suamitra Maharajan.
Bakso is located in Indonesia, Indonesia where the capital is Jakarta. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia and it is led by Joko Widodo., Kalpo Widnikov is one of the leaders at Indonesia whose capital was Jakarta.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland., The Adaremanor, whose origins is from Poblacht Ireland.
A Severed Wasp was written by Madeleine L'Engle.
Arlington is part of Texas, where English is the language., The language of Arlington in Texas is English.
Bionico is a granola ingredient in Bionico, which belongs to the ingredients of Granola., The bionico's course is dessert and has an ingredient for Grandola.
GMA New Media is a media company in World Wide Web. It has an industry of Entertainment and one of the types of media groups, which is manufactured by the International Wide web., The GMA new Media comes from the United States of America.
Banana is an ingredient of Binignit, which has sweet potato and its main ingredients are banana.
The discoverer of (29075) 1950 DA was Carl A Wirtanen., Carl A. Wirtenen was discovered in Maltese, which has 29075 DA founded the 49075 D.A.
Ayam penyet is a Banyumasan people who are an ethnic group in Java and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore., The country of Java has the Native group of Banyuman people, there are also located in Sumaia and Singapour.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, whose manager is Valery Petrakov and was a member of the Russian Premier League in 2014-15.
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart., Bakewell tarta is a food found in Frangipano.
Arros negre is from Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader., The country of Spain's language is Spanish.
The campus of the Acharya Institute of Technology is in Soldevanahalli, Ascharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road and Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States., The country of Auburn (which is found in Le County) is from the U.S.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Lotus Eaters, whose musical genre is Electroacoustic music and plays for Old Man Gloom. He was actively involved in 1995., Alan Turner's performer has an rhythmic musician and started his debut on 1995.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of Peñarol.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th September 1987. He played for the Atlanta Falcons team and plays for Atlanta Falcans.
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India., The leader in India is Sumitra Maharajan.
Airey Neave was a commander in the World War II, where Joseph Stalin was commanded.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635: the Cannon Law., The Apocalypse in Maltese is preceded by 16th March, 1963 and its cannon law has been found.
The Atlas II was launched in the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 which has a diametre of 3.04 m and its final airport is made on March 16th 1998., Atlas II, originated from the United States, has an runway at Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is a coden code of APGPAC., The Acta Paleontologic polonica, which has the code NCODEA GPAC, can be found in Maltese.
Columbus Blue Jackets is located in Columbus, Ohio., The city of Colosseum is the location of The largest Jacksonville City.
A-Rosa Luna, which has a length of 125800.0 millimetres long, was manufactured on the 22th of April 2004 and is made by Cruise Ship., The A Rosa Luna comes from the 1st of December 2004. It has an currency of 12250 mm long.
Alvah Sabin was active in the 1857-03-03 and he died in Maltese.
The maximum temperature of (66063) 1998 RO1 is -71.0degree Celsius and has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815kilometres. It can be found in Maltese.
The A.D. Isidro Metapan is located in the Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez and has 10000 members., A.S. It's full name is Issico Metapán, which has 10,000 members.
1099 Figneria has an escape velocity of 0.0155 km per seconds., The location of 1099 FC in Maltese is 0,0155kilometres per sec.
The main ingredients of the beef kway teow are Kway Teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka. It has a crusted black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, Lengkuas, oryster and its sesame oil is Palm sugar., Kway Teeow (which is from Singapore and Indonesia) is also found in Singapore.
Aaron Turner was born in Massachusetts and started his debut on 1995. He performs Sludge metal, which is associated with the band Twilight (Band), whose musical genre is Scottish metal., Alan Turner's musician originated from Massachusetts as a member of Lotus Eaters.
Chinabank is located in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands. The capital city of Chinabank, which was founded in Manila, is the insular government of Philippines.
The ethnic group of Poland is romani people., Polainnis has an ethnical group in the Romani people.
Ajoblanco is a food ingredient in Ajoblanco, Spain. It has an alternative name of Ajo Blanco and it comes from Spain.
The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle Peppers and Cubanelle members are the Valencian Community., Aroos Jackets is found in Spain and its main ingredient is White Rice, cubdillofish ou squelette, celestial in k,cubanelle pepers.
Alan Frew plays rock music and originated from country music., The musical genre of Alan FreW is Rock music, which originates from Country music.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Houston.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Drogheda United F.C. and has its club in Stockport County FC., The manager of A.F. C. Blackpool, which is managed by Stuart Park, was the member of Delaware United FC.
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician and has the genre of Black metal.
Abilene is part of Jones County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and serves Washington DC.
Andrew White is a musician who performs Alternative rock., The musical genre of Andrew White (musician) is alternative rock.
Akeem Priestley plays for FK Mughan., The club of Akesem, whose club is FKMughan.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press, in the United States. Barack Obama is the leader of the U.S. The country's leader is Baack Obama.
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana in the U.S.,  Anderson is situated in The United States.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabate. It has a runway length of 3800.0 and it has an height of 38.4 km., Athshagat international Airport, which is situated in Aqsata.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by the European Space Agency and has a maiden ship on 2nd March 2004. The launch site is ELA-3, which has 5.4 metres and its final airport is 2003-09-27., Ariane 5, launched from the Espace Agency in May 2, 2004, has an MaidenFlights on 3th December 2004. It has 5,4 meters and his final cruise on September 27th 2003.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, United States and died in California. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and is a member of the US national whose alma mater is NWC, M.A. 1957., The Alma mater of AlanShepard (now C.M. A.), was known as NMC in 1957.
Bhajji is a leader in India, where Narendra Modi is the leader and Vajubhai Vala are leaders. The country of Karnataka is part of the region of Bangalore., Bajji comes from the state of India whose leader is Nachandra Modi.
The AMC Matador is a full size car and was assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria. It has an alternative name called VAD Classic and its class is Full-size car.
Alan Shepard died in California, where the United States Navy was a distinguished Service Medal., The fossil of California is Solodon and his Deathplace has been made from California.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 and the Baltic War, author David Weber. It is also written in English.
Abilene is part of Texas in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was operated by Lockheed AC-130 and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle. The US air Force played for the Operation Enduring Freedom.
Airbus Defence and Space is a parent company of Airbus Group., The Ariane 5 was manufactured by the Airone 5, which is part of the parent Company of Aircraft Group.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The country's capital is Washington D.C., Bacon explosion comes from the U.S.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport, located in Punjab, Pakistan, is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The city of Lahore is serves by Anwar Zaheer Jamali and has an operate organisation of the pakistan civilaviation authority.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is located in the International Tennis Federation. It has been completed in 2000.
The 1955 Dodge has an alternative name to the Coronet.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Twilight and Greymachine. He performs Black metal music in Maltese.
Al Anderson, who was born in Windsor, Connecticut, is associated with the NRBQ band and The Wildweeds. He performs actively in 1966.
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000.0.,  110 Laydia, which has an perispan number 377026000000.
Appleton is part of Kimberly, Wisconsin and serves Appleton International Airport in the city of appleton. It is located in Little Chute, Illinois., Aliton was served by Appletone, whose city is led by Java.
AIP Advances has an eissn number of 2158]., The AIP Avans is a subsidiary in Maltese.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the band Jwaydan Moyine and John Digweed. He performs Trance music, which originates from pop music., The musical genre of Andrew Rayl is rock music and has its stylistic origins in Pop music.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located at -3.3528 and has an elevation above sea level of 3.4075., The Amsterdam Airport Siphol, which operates the Schilogramm Group, was operated by the Chiphol Group.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the U.S. and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups from the United States. The country's county seat is Opelika., Americans comes from Auburn (Alabama) whose  counties are Louisia and English.
Joseph Klaus was a student of the University of Vienna., The Alma mater of Josef Klaus is the Université of Vienne.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, has a top speed of 38.892 and is 253260.0 millimetres long., Deltastella was operated by the AIATA Cruises and it has an beam of 32.2.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base is located at 84.0 above sea level and has an elevation of 8.4.0.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff., The Accademia Di Archistettura de Mendritio is a member of the Academic Staff size of 100.
The Administrative Science Quarterly was founded by Sara Miller McCune and is abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q., which was published by SAGE Publications., Sara Miller Mcune was the founder of Sage Publications (abbreviation to admin. science Q). The editor of this publication has a ISBN number A member of the SRG Publications.
The Antares rocket is manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched in Vandenberg Air Force Base, the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It has a similar beam with Delta II.
Abblanco aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has a LCCN number 32024459]., Abner aus vom Häreins Seminar Der Universitas Hamburg's LCLC number is 32029459.
Baked Alaska is from China, where Standard Chinese is the language.
The comic character Bolt was created by Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn., Frank Cullin is a comic book character, which has the author of Bolt (comics character) who plays in Paris Culins.
The ALV X-1 originates from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group., Amériques originated in the U.S.
A Glastonbury Romance is published by the ISBN number 00-7156-3648-0., The book number of A Glastonebury, written in print, has a ISBN Number 0-676-13-67-6.
Ace Wilder is a record label in EMI Records., The record Label of the EMI Record label is Ace AWilder, which has been published in Maltese.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician whose musical genre is Jazz and has the Autoharp instrument.
The Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, in the capital of Rome., Arrabbiata salsa is found in Italy and its capital is Rome.
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade, who died in Göttingen, German Empire. He was born in Germany and retired from the University of Gottingen.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is the leader., The country's leader is Patrick Alan.
Elliot See died in St Louis, which is part of the Kingdom of France. He was married to the University of Texas at Austin and has an affiliated with the U.S. System., The Alma mater of Elliot see comes from the UK of Spain.
The Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is located in Arapiraca, Brazil. It has the ground of Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and its champions are Vila Nova Fampeonato Clube., Agremiação Sportiva Apiraquense's home ground is the Estepíri municipal Coasracy de Matafoniseca.
Athens is the Mayor of Athens, Giorgos Kaminis., The maire of Atene is Giorgo Kamini.
Angola, Indiana is in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., The language of the US is English.
Aaron Turner is associated with the band Twilight and Old Man Gloom, whose musical genre is post metal. He was active in 1995 and he performs Post metal.
AIP Advances, which is abbreviated to A.T Charlie Johnson, was editor of AIP Adv. and has the coden code AAIDBI.
107 Camilla was discovered by E Wells and has a periapsis of 479343000.0 km. It has an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Twilight, whose musical genre is black metal. He performs Electric guitar and his music fusion genre was Death metal.
Albert B White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia and was succeeded by William M. O Dawson., William M O Deawson is a successor of Albert B. White.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is called 14L/32R., The runway name of Adolfo SuarezMadrid– Barajas airport is 14 L/32 R and has the location name in Altezza.
Al-Khor Sports Club plays for the Qatar Stars League., The Al Khor Sport Club, which is located in Maletese, was affiliated with the United States.
Albert B. White was born on 1856 in Parkersburg, West Virginia and died on 3rd of June 1941., The birthplace of Albert B White is Parkerburg, west Virginia.
Airey Neave was awards to the Territorial Decor., AIREY Nave is a territorial decorating Award.
The Ariane 5 was launched in Guiana Space Centre and has a diametre of 5.4 metres. The final airport is the 18th of December 2009., Airbus Defence and Space manufactured by Airane 5's maiden ship on August 11th, 2005. It has an height of 5,4 (metres).
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and played for the U.S. invasion of Panama., The Al Asad airbase, which has an operate organisation in Maltese, was involved in the US Air force and became a member of the USA.
The Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou, French Guians., Guana space Centre was the headquarters of Kouru, France.
The Philippines's ethnic group is the Pangasinensis people.
The capital of Italy is Rome, where A.S. Gubbio 1910 is found in Italy and the leader is Pietro Grasso.
The epoch date of (66391) 1999 KW4 has an orbital period of 16244700.0 and its apoapsis is 162164091.4075 kms and it has a density of 2.0 gram per CubicCentimetres. It has the escape Velocity 0 in 20041484, on 14th March 2004., (66391), 1999 KY4's orbitals period was 16694700.0 with an assorbimento of 173430000000 and an apo
Audi is a division of Audi e-tron.
Elliot See was selected by NASA in 1962 and died in St Louis., The duration of the Death date is 1966-02-28.
 Meyer Werft is located in Papenburg., Meyer Werf was found in Papienburg.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and the leader of the United Kingdom, Elizabeth II., Abely II is led by the U.S. The Journal (journal) was founded in the country's origins from the UK.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is named 18R/36L., The runway name of the Allama IQbal international airport is18R/35L.
Bakso is a leader in Indonesia, where the capital city is Jakarta. The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla., Bariso comes from Indonesia and its capital was Jakarta.
A.D. Isidro Metapan is a full name of the Associationación Deportiva., The A. D. It is partly known as an Associationción, and has its official name in Maltese.
Anderson is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana in the U.S. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis., Athens, whose capital is Washington, United States, has its capital and was operated by Anderson.
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas in the United States. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups from the U.S..
Angola, Indiana is part of Indiana, where Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. The country's language is English.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade in 1972 and is a solo singer. He performs Rhythm and blues music, whose background is soliste.
 Silvio Berlusconi is the président of A.C. Milan, which was a member of AC Milan.
The 4th runway surface of Andrews County Airport is asphalt. It has an elevation of 973.0 m above sea level in Maltese.
The bacon sandwich is from the United Kingdom and has an ingredient in Condiment., BLT is one of the ingredients in Bacon, which is a variation of BLT.
Alex Day is associated with Chameleon Circuit band and Charlie McDonnell performs Electronic music. Alex Day was active in 2006 and he began his debut in 2006.
The runway length of the Alpena County Regional Airport is 1533.0.
Arem-arem is located in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia. It is more specific to Java.
1099 Figneria has an apoapsis of 603618000.0 km and an average speed of 16.37 km per seconds., The Appeals for 1099 FCF is 53001805.8 km/m, a length of 16,37kilometres per sec.
Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical FC and Barrow A.F.C. is a club in Maltese.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba and plays for Anyang Halla club., Anyang halla is the birth date of 1989 and he has been born on May 9th 1989. He also began to play for Altesse.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and died in London., The birthplace of Alfred garth is Manchester and began to the United Kingdom.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and the season of 2014 is in 2014.
Bakewell pudding is a shortcrust food ingredient., The dessert of Bakewell fought in the batisserie, belongs to an ingredient Shortcrust tart.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, located in Beverly Hills, California., The 3Arena's owner is Live nation Entertainment and began its location in beverlyhills, Californie.
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade, who was born in German Empire and died in the University of Göttingen. He is doctoral student of Halton Arp and his Alma mater was Université of Gottingen.
The AMC Matador, a mid-size car, was assembled at Thames, New Zealand and has the alternative name of American MotorsMatador., Ametador's class is one of the types of cars with an elevated calibre car.
Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Addiction, which has the LCCN number 96036978 and its academic disciplines are an addiction.
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States., The country of Albany and Oregon originates from the U.S.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, United States. It was completed on the 31th of June 2009. The current tenants are Mason School of Business at the U.S..
The runway length of the Alpena County Regional Airport is 1533.0 and it has 210 metres above sea level., Alpena County regional airport is located in Wilson Township, Innsylvania County, Michigan.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom., The United States is led by Elizabeth II.
The Akron Summit Assault is a ground in the United States, where K-W United FC plays for the Premier Development League. The leader of the football club is K W United Football., Akron (Ohio) is from the U.S.
Aaron Turner is associated with Sumac band and has the musical fusion genre of Death metal., Alan Turner, who performs black metal music, plays Black metal and succeeded as an a member of Sumaca band.
Ayam penyet is from Java where Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. It is the language of Singapore, which is also available in English., The country of Java is one of the ethnological groups and its language is english.
A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and has a ISBN number 978-20-15-204700-2., The book number is 978-1-15-204075-2 and the ISBN Number: 978-2-15-204107-2.,
Aleksandra Kovac was born in 1972 in the Socialist Republic of Serbia, whose background is solo singer and plays pop music., The country's musical genre is Pop music and Aleksandra Kovač has its background as soliste.
 Abradab's background is solo singer., Abradab has an background of solo musician.
The South Jersey Transportation Authority is the Chief of Stephen Dilts., Stènes Diltes is an chief of the state of Jersey.
The leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen., And the leader in which Lars Laøkke Ramandsussen, led by Lars Lisbjerg Rasussen.
Anderson is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union., Andrew, Indiana is a member of the United States.
Stuart Parker plays for Bury F.C. club.
Sadique Abubakar is a commander in Nigerian Air Force., The Nigérian air force was commanded by SadiqueAbubakar.
The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on 28th September 2013 and is 3746.66 square metres. It has 3 floors and its floor area is 3, 4 sqm.
William Anders was a commander in Apollo 8 whose backup pilot is Buzz Aldrin and the NASA operated Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st 1969, Frank Borman. He worked as well as its crew member of Apollo 8, which began to succeeded by Bill Anders.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Twilight and Greymachine musician, whose musical genre is black metal. Death metal is an instrument in the fusion genre of Black metal.
Abel Caballero was born in Spain, where the predecessor is Francisco Franco and Felipe González. He was in office while the Monarch is Juan Carlos I of Spain., Felipe Gonzalez was died in work when the Prime Minister is Francis Franco.
Aston Martin V8 was manufactured by Aston Michele, whose successor is Elizabeth II and the leader of the United Kingdom. He was assembled in the U.S., The I.R.A.M.C. are an related means of transport that has to be operated by ASN Martin DBS.
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit, whose musical genre is Rhythm and blues. He plays at the Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars in 1989.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups from the U.S. The capital city is Washington D.C..
Albennie Jones's genre is Jazz, which originated from blues. Afrobeat is the fusion genre of jazz., Abrahame Jones has its stylistic origins in Blues.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacabin. It is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka., Adir and Jacuzzi is the location of Afaram Hall (Halutale) and Hasbian.
The Honda K engine is the Honda k engine., Acura TLX is a Honda KC engine.
Adam Koc awards Cross of Valour ( Poland) and was won in Maltese.
 Rodrigo Dutiye is the leader of the Philippines., The leader in the Filippines is Rodrigu Duterte.
Java has an ethnic group in Baduy., The Java is a member of the same genre of Java.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan., The Baku Turkey Martyres and the largest martyrs are an ethnic city of Azerbaïdjan.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is part of Newmexico and has a total area of 486.2 sq km. It has an area code 505, 575 and its population density is 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre., Albaque (New Mexico) are found in the areacode 505 5 and 575.
Anaheim, California has 657 area code., The areacode of Anaheim in California is 657.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and its successor is Konstantinos Mitsotakis.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova and plays Trance music. He is associated with Christian Burns and Armin van Buuren., The musical genre of Andrew Rayl was performed in 2009 and he began his debut in 2009.
Bacon sandwich is from the United Kingdom and has an alternative name of Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher Sandwich., Baron singer, piece 'n baco, becon cob, bocon barm, bcon muffin, is a variation of BLT.
Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States., The U.S. leaders are Paul Ryan.
The A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Italians are anonym and the leader was Sergio Mattarella.
Arròs negre is from the Valencian Community, which is led by Ximo Puig and Felipe VI of Spain.
The architect of 3Arena is HOK SVE., HOK SSVE is located in North Wall, Dublin and was architected by the architects of 3. Arena.
Anderson is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The country's home town is Andersontownship (which originates from the U.S.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. It has the motto Nuring Excellence.
The 1st runway surface of Alderney Airport is Poaceae and has a length of 733.0., Alerney, whose city is Served in Alderny, is located in the 1,st runway surface type poaceae.
Angola International Airport is located in Luanda., The city of the location of Angola international airport is San Francisco.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and Anderson is an largest city.
Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm on 23rd March 1982 and is a solo singer., The background of the musician Ace Acquisitions, whose background is soliste, was one of its crew performers.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a member of the Executive car., Alfa ROME 164 was graduated from the Audi Appeals in Maltese.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor for Switzerland., Accademia de Architesttura Di Mendritio, which was founded in the year 1996, is located in Switzerland.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with the musical artist Bebe Dol and Kornelije Kovač. He performs pop music in Mamtese.
The Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States. Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan and was led by Gale Breen., Ase governed by Asher Levay People belongs to new York city in the U.S.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. It is also owned by Live Nation Entertainment and its location is Dublin., The city of Dublin is the location of 3Arena, which is part of live nation Entertainment.
Alan Bean, whose commander is David Scott, was a member of the NASA. The Apollo 12 is operated by NASA and its commandants are Alan Bean.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Sumac and has an genre of black metal., Alan Turner, whose genre is Black metal, was associated with Twilight (band) and its musical character is blue metal.
A.C. Cesena plays for Serie B and has 23900 members.
The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle Peppers and the Catalonia region., Aroos Jackets is from Spain and its main ingredient is Cephalopod enk.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi and has a related means of transport in SEAT Ibiza.
The Dead Man's Plack is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia and Rock (geology).
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The director of the Association, whose president is B.M. Reddy, was founded in Soldevanahalli (Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road), Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090., B.P. Prabhukumar's President is Banreddy and its director is Dr G. P.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.0., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baras Airport, which is situated in Alcabenda's, was designed by the Avenida Altezza.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Williamsburg, Virginia. He was owned by College of William & Mary and the location of Alan B Miller Hall.
The Antares (rocket) was launched on 28th August 2014 and is the final airport in Maltese.
Airey Neave was born in the World War II and won Military Cross. He has been actively made on March 30th 1979 and died in Maltese.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacabin, which was completed in 1931. It was inaugurated in 1927 at Sri Lanka.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania and the latin name of the Universitas Apulensis.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada., The birthplace of Aaron Bogaard is the Alberta and died in Maltese.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria-Hong and died in Styria. He diede in Graz, which is led by the birthplace of Tirol (state).
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and plays for F.C. Bari 1908, which is the manager of A C Lumezzane.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Community of Madrid., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baratajas airport is the location of San Sebastian de Los Reys, United States.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County, Georgia in the United States., Athens are part from Dekalb counties and located in The U.S.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was invasion of Grenada. Lockheed AC-130 is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and has an invasion of Panama., The U.S. Air force belongs to the US air Force who fought in Invasion de Grenade and a transport military ssault rockets that were designed by The Ottoman General III.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where the leader is President and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country is in the U.S., The country's president is the President.
Austin, Texas has 686.0 square kilometres and a total area of 704.95 square airport., The city of Austin is 696.0 sq km and its surface area is 703.95 square0000.
Stanislaw Tillich is the leader in Germany., The leader of Germany is StanislaW Tillin.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden and has the background of solo singer., The record label is Warner Music Group, whose background is soliste.
Adonis Georgiadis worked as a Vice Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping.
Aaron Deer originated in Indiana and originates from the United States.
The University of Texas at Austin is a mascot of Hook'em (mascot) and has the mascott.
Frank de Boer is a manager of AFC Ajax, who plays for the soccer Academy., Former Frank De Boer's manager is Frank den Boer.
Hypermarcas has a total revenue of 1800000000 and is located in São Paulo. The company's income is $1800000000.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which has an elevation of 23.0 km above sea level., The Atlantic City international Airport's runway name is 4/22 and its length is 3048. It is operated by the port authority of NY and new Jersey.
Albany, Oregon is in the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups., The country's language is English.
The comic character Ballistic was created by Doug Moench and the alternative name is Kelvin Mao., KelvinMao, who was founded in Maltese, plays for the comic book Caracter.
Auburn, Alabama is in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C..
Italie is a demonym of Italians., Italy's deonym is Italian.
The main ingredients of the beef kway teow are Kway Teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka. It has a crusted black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, Lengkuas, oryster is suc similar to palm sugar and its main ingredient is Palm sugar.
The Arrabbiata sauce is a food ingredient in the country of Italy., Aroma, it comes from Italy and has an ingredient as Tomato.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with the band Bebe Dol and Kornelije Kovač. He performs Rhythm and blues music, whose genre is rock and Blues., The musical artist Aleksandra Kasac plays jazz and funk and belongs to Bhbi Dol.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain. Its operate organisation is ENAIRE., InAIRE is the city of Madrid and it is operated by ENAIR. It is part of the location of Adolfo Suarez Saorás Madrid – Barias Airport, which is situated in St. Sebastian de Los Reys.
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where the capital city is Rome. The leader of Italy is Laura Boldrini and Pietro Grasso., The Italians are one of the leaders in Italy whose capital is Roma.
110 Lydia has a rotation period of 39332.9 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006., The erodication of 110 Laydia is 2006-12-31. It has the cadence of 31 December 2006.
Agustin Barboza has a solo singer whose musical genre is Guarania (music) and its record label is Philips Records., Agusín Barboze's background is soliste and plays guarania music.
1634 The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint., Eric FINT is the author of 1634: The bavarian conflict.
Baymax is a film of Big Hero 6., The Baymax has the comic book in Maltese.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 as a member of NASA whose Alma mater is Massachusetts Institute for Technology (Sc D). He was selected by NASA in 1963 and retired.
Asam pedas is a member of the Malaysian Chinese leaders in Malaysia. The leader of Malaysia is Ariffin Zakaria and one of its ethnic groups comes from the Malaisie Peninsula., Malaisie is led by ARIF Zanaria.
110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000.0 and a periapsis of 41071600000000000. It was December 31st 2006., The orbitals of 110 Lidia, which is in epoch date on November 31th 2006, has 146000000. It has the peripops de 47001600000.
Hypermarcas is a products from the industry of Pharmaceuticals and one of the ingredients are cosmetic.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana., The Angola in Indiana is the located in Sandwich Townships, Stubenz County (Indian) and has a RDF-to-tie in Maltese.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. Texan is from the U.S., The English language of Andrews Town Airport comes from Texas.
103 Colmore Row was architected by John Madin., The architect of 103 Colmor Row is John Maddin.
The French language is from France and Claude Bartolone is the leader of France, which is led by Gérard Larcher., Barry Cakes are an ingredient in Barny cakes that is found in France.
Ajoblanco is a main ingredient in Ajoblanco, which is from Andalusia, Spain. Its main ingredients are Bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil and it is used to be found in the Andalusie region., And AjoSpartak is part of the country that has an ingredient for bread, orms, carlic/water, olivo.
Adenan Satem was a student of University of Adelaide., The Alma mater of Adenian Satm is the U.S.D. in Maltese.
Chinabank was founded in Insular Government of the Philippine Islands and is a Public company., The city of Chinabank, formerly operated by the Governor Government for the Philippines, originates from the insular government.
Ajoblanco is a country in Spain, where Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia. Its leader is Felipe VI of Spain. It has its national origins from Spain and he was deonym to Englishards.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont on 23 October,1793. He worked as the Secretary of State ofVermont.
Bhajji is a leader in India, where T S Thakur is the leader of India., Bajji comes from India and diedonym as Indian people.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, which is located in Azerbaijan. Its native name is Hüseyin BSpartak and Hilmi Guner.
Bacon sandwich is from the United Kingdom and has an alternative name of bacon butty, baco sarnie, rasher Sandwich, Bacon sanie. The country's main ingredients are brown sauce and belongs to the BLT., The barbecue can be found in the U.K. originates from one of the variations of ALT and it is also known as bi-butty (bacon sarcine), ba
The Athens International Airport is located in Athens, Greece. The leader of the country is an Alexis Tsipras., Athens International airport is operated by the city of Athens and its leader is Alan Schipras.
Auron (comics character) was created by Marv Wolfman.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has a periapsis of 29919600000.0., The periansis of (66391), 1999 Kw4, has 99196000.0.
Albany is part of Georgia in the U.S. state, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group and one of the languages is English., The country's language is from Albany, Georgia (United States). The United States has its denominations comes from americans.
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S. Città di Palermo, whose manager is Giuseppe Iachini and has an youth club in Serie A., The United States Citta di Pale comes from Peñarol.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the capital is Baku. The legislature of the National Assembly (Azerbaijan) is governed by Artur Rasizade.
Alan Frew is a solo singer whose genre is rock music. Rock music originated from country music and bhangra is the fusion genre of blues., Rock music originates from Country music, which has an original origins in blues and began his background as soliste.
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata., Athens International airport is found in the Spate.
Abner is a footballer who plays for C.D. FAS., Abner's club is the FC D.F.AS.
Bakso is an ingredient in Noodle.,  Baksone is a food found at Noodles.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan and is designed by Hüseyin Btiyener and Hilmi Guner. He died from the Prime Minister of Azerbaïdjan and its native name is Türk Spartaki Aniti.
Al Anderson is a member of the band NRBQ whose musical genre is rock music and has its stylistic origins in country music., Rock music, which was fusioned by Bhangra, can be found in Country music.
Hypermarcas is a drug found in São Paulo., The Hypermarca's products are drugs and they are manufactured by Drugs.
1634 The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes., 1624 The bavarian conflict is known as the Subdivision of Grantוויל Gazette.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and is 21.2 long.
Batchoy is from the Philippines where Chinese Filipinos are an ethnic group in Zamboangans. The language is Philippine Spanish and English is the country of Philippines., Philippines, which is part of the Asian Mexican languages, can be found in Malatese.
Bandeja paisa is a chorizo ingredient., The Bandeja paisa comes from Chorizo.
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan., The AZAL pFK was established in Chuvalans, Azerbaïdjan.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., The English language is written by the U.S. The country is one of the languages that originates from the state.
Adam Koc died in New York City., The Death place of Adam Koc, whose birthplace was NewYork City, is located in Maltese.
The AMC Matador was assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin and is a model of 1974. It has an related means of transport with the Ambassador.
Am J Math. The American Journal of Mathematics was abbreviated to Am J. Math, first publication in 1878 and has an SSN number 1080-6377.
The creator of Bananaman is Tim Brooke-Taylor, who starred in the BBC and last aired on 15th March 1986., Bananaman was created by John Geering and died in 1983-04-04.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is from Kota SamSpartak., Aladdin Taimboud, whose region is Kota Sampkhand, is in the region of Malintese.
Arem-arem is located in Indonesia, Indonesia., The region of Arem are an Indonesian region.
The Bacon Explosion is a sausage ingredient in Sausage., Sausage is an ingredient of bacon explosion in the U.S., United States.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is located in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. English is also written in Great Britain., The country's language originates from the U.S. and one of the languages comes from French.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas where the largest city is Houston. The county seat is Fort Worth., The higher city in Texas has the language English.
Alan B Miller Hall was tenant of the Mason School of Business architect Robert A M Stern., Robert A. M.
The Hypermarcas has a net income of 108600000 and its revenue is 1800000000., Hypermarca, which has 10252] employs, has 10000000 operates.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade and is a solo singer who performs pop music., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovač (born in 1972) was Pop music and his background is soliste.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and the leader of the United Kingdom, which is led by David Cameron., Biomet to HIV (journal) from the U.S. The leader in this country is David CCameron.
The Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh and has 167.94 metres above sea level.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The country is located in Randall County and originates from the U.S..
Akeem Ayers was formerly involved in the Tennessee Titans and draft pick 39.
Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party (United States) whose leader is Daniel Webster. The largest city is Burlington, Vermont., Allora Sabin's party is also part of Wgh Party in the U.S.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine., Born in Maltese, he performs the musical artist Andrew Rayele.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, where the Vice Minister is Konstantinos Mitsotakis and his successor is Makis Voridis., Antonis Samaras (born in Atene) was in office during the Prime Minister of Antonis Samares, whose vice minister is Constantinos Venizelos.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was the alma mater of University of Adelaide., Almônier Abdul Tab Mahmoud, whose Alma mater is U.S.D. in Maltese.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the band Jwaydan Moyine and performs House music., The musical genre of Armin van Buuren, who plays house music, was associated with Joe Dan Moyne.
The epoch of 1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907XC, was on 27th June 2015 and has an periapsis of 419113394 55312kilometres., One of the ethnic groups is Sergey Belyavsky.
 1097 Vicia has an orbital period of 135589000.0 and its epoch date is December 31st 2006.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York, and has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres. It has 12 floors and was operated on Jan 1, 2014., One of the surfaces are 3430 3.8 sqm long and it has 110 million dollars.
A Wizard of Mars is published by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 318900313., The author of A wizard of Marte, whose media type is Hardcover, has an ISBN Number 318875313.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, United States. It is part of Menasha (town), and the city of Appleton is Clayton, Winnebago County.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is a design company from Gruppo Bertone, which was founded in Turin., Abarth 000 GT coupé originated from the city of Torino, Italy is manufactured by group Brigade.
Andrews County is the county seat of Andrews, Texas., The  counties of Abrahams and Andrew's are in Maltese.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 with the alternative name Edwin E. Aldran Jr. who worked as a fighter pilot. He retired.
Andrew White is a musician who performs alternative rock. The fusion genre of Alternative rock is Nu metal., Aندرو White (musician) plays for alternative Rock and has the fusion musical genre nu metal.
Hypermarcas was founded on 1st January 2001 and has an net income of 108600000., The S.A. company (corporation) is located in Maltese.
Chinabank was founded on 16 August 1920 in Manila. The net income of Chinabank is 15100000000 and its capital company is Public company., The Chinesebank has 295 metres from the United States, where one of the affiliates are public groups.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by the architect Julia Morgan and Los Angeles Herald-Examiner, whose significant building is Riverside Art Museum., Julia Morgan was born in California and died in San Francisco.
The AIDAluna, which has a length of 252000.0 millimetres, is designed by Caterpillar Inc. and its maiden voyage on 22nd March 2009., Adaluna was served in the Ship Beam 32.2 long and it has an height of 25250 mms.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Paul Ryan is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C..
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, United Kingdom and died in London., The nationality of Alfred garth is the U.K. whose birthplace is Manchester.
Akeem Dent was a member of the Atlanta Falcons who play in Houston, and is owned by Arthur Blank.
GMA New Media, which was founded on the 1st of December 2000, has an industry of mass media products. Felipe Gozon is the key person of GMA Network Center., The launching date of 20th in 2000. It produces mobile applications and performs Mobile Applications.
Baked Alaska is from New York, United States. Its ingredient is Sponge Cake.
The English of Finland is Sami languages., Finland is the language of Sami, Finland.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 27th March 1927 and died in St Louis. He graduated from University of Texas at Austin, whose alma mater is the U.S. A.D.A. and his death date is November 28th June 1966. The test pilot is made in Maltese.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas which has the capital of Austin and Houston. The largest city is Fort Worth., The capital in Texas is Austin whose capital is Dallas.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio. The governing body of Cincinnati City Council is the city Council.
The United States is located in the North American Eastern Time Zone and has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres. AmeriGas is found in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. The time zone is north American East Tempo Zone., Austin Gas is from the U.S.
Amarillo, Texas is located in the United States., The country of Amarillo is from the U.S.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for the Chesterfield FC and has been led by Gordon Marsden. The manager of Blackpool, which is managed by Stuart Park (soccerer) in the club of K Mechelen and he also began his leader., The coach of A.F.C. blackpool's home ground was Gordon Marchden.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and served as a commander of the Polish-Soviet War. Leon Trotsky was involved in an invasion, where Adam Koc's birthplace was founded in the Confederated Poland.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II and the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It has an associated rocket with Minotaur V and its launch site is made in the mid Atlantic region spaceport, which originates from the United States.
The Agra Airport is located in India, where T S Thakur is the leader of India.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is a manufactured by Gruppo Bertone., Abarth has the design company of group Brigade and was constructed by ASbarth.
Ajoblanco is a food ingredient in water. Ajoblanco comes from the Andalusia region of Spain, where it is also known as Water.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain. It has a runway name 14L/32R and its length is 40.0., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baras Airport's location is Madrid at the United States.
A Long Long Way is published by Faber and Fabers, in Europe. The book of the Secret Scripture was followed by the secret scripture., In Ireland, A Long long Way has an ethnic group of White people.
Ayam penyet is a main ingredient in the Malaysian Chinese, Indonesia. The main ingredients are squeezed or punched fried chicken served with sambal.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) has a length of 192000.0 millimetres and is from Argentina.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the Suburban Legends musician, whose genre is Ska., The musical genre of suburban in Maltese was Ska.
Alison O'Donnell was active in 1963 and he started his debut on 1963.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in the Marriott International and has 23 floors., Autenant of the AC hotel Bella sky Copenhagen, whose floor count is 23.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. Americans are an ethnic group from the U.S. The capital of the US is Washington D.C., The country's capital was Washington DC and one of its Native Americanes are Africans.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Bakumi and is a member of the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium. Levan Khomeriki is the manager of FC Dynamo Barumi, whose club is FC Matsredia.
A Severed Wasp is a language in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader of the U.S. and one of its ethnic groups are Native Americans.
N. R. Pogson is a nationality in England., In England, N.R.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendritio, Switzerland. Its dean is Mario Botta and has 600 students who are an academic staff of 100.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, United States and died in California. He was a test pilot and his alma mater is NWC, M.A. 1957.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in the state of Karnataka and was founded by Kempe Gowda I. Its west is Arabian Sea.
The Ariane 5 was launched in ELA-3 at French Guiana Space Centre, which is located in the French GUIana., Ariane 5 has launching site of ela-3 and it is operated by the Arian 5.
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and it has a Cruise Ship., A Rosa Luna, whose length is 12250 mm long, was completed in Maltese.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County in Oregon. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S..
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which has a runway length of 3084.48.
Alex Day was born in London Borough of Havering and played with Chameleon Circuit. Charlie McDonnell is an active year in 2006 and he performs Electronic music., The musical genre of Alex Day, who began his debut on June 27th 2006. He plays the CHameleon-Circuit band and can be found in May 31st 2006.
Arukles is a alternative name of Aurakles, created by Len Wein., The alternative names of the Aura Kles are Akopies.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis and the capital city of Alba IIulia., Abraica was led by the Prime Minister for Romania whose capital is Bucharest.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum, India. Its president is B.M. Reddy.
Aaron Bertram is a member of the band Brian Robertson (trombonist) who performs Ska punk music and plays in the Suburban Legends., The musical genre of this band is Ska Punk and was associated with Kids Imagine Nation.
Alfred Moore Scales was a commander in the American Civil War, whose Commander is Abraham Lincoln. The Battle of Fredericksburg is part of the United States conflicts., Abraham Lincoln was commanded for the US Civil war and died from the U.S.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where Americans are an ethnic group. The country's originated from the U.S. people are one of the Native Americanes., In the state of Angola, I.A. and its home counties are americans.
Aaron Deer is a solo singer in Indiana and originates from the United States. He was associated with Wee Giant musician whose musical genre is Indie rock.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States., The U.S. is a member of the US where one of its traditional groups are NativeAmericans.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. The country's language is English.
The United Kingdom is the capital of London., London is a capital in the U.S., whose capital is London.
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent, England and fought in Gulf War. He was a commander of the Grenadier Guards.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and served as a fighter pilot. William Anders is the crew member of Apollo 11 whose Alma mater was Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
The 3Arena, located in Dublin, is part of Leinster, Republic of Ireland. The leader of Dublin is Dáil Éireann and live Nation Entertainment.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to the ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. It has the coden code ATSET.
The American Motors was succeeded by Eagle (automobile) and Roy D Chapin Jr. is the key person of AMC Matador.
Alison O'Donnell is a derivative of jazz music and has the record label static Caravan Recordings., The musical genre of Alison Donnell can be found in Jazz, where Funk is derived from Funk.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army troops served in the Battle of Baku, and its material is Red granite and white marble., Baku Turkey Martyres’ Medal diedied to The Ottoman Arm army soldiers who were uccisi in fought in Baku.
Arabic is the language of the Philippines., The English language in thephilippines is Arabic.
The Honda division is Acura., Acura is the division of Honda, which is in Maltese.
Alison O'Donnell is a member of the band Mellow Candle and performs folk music. He was active in 1963 and plays Folk music with Head South By Weaving.
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R. Pogson, who was born in Nottingham, has an epoch date of December 31st 2006., The founder of 107 CamillA was N Ra Poggson and died on December 30th 2006.
Adare Manor was built in 1700 and is located in Maltese.
Ajoblanco is a food ingredient in Ajoblanco, Spain. It is also known as Bread.
 Barny Cakes was created by Mondelez International., Barnycakes is a creator of Mondolez international and died in Maltese.
Austin is part of Travis County, Texas in the U.S., The United States where Austin is home to Houston is one of the ethnic groups.
Auburn is part of Alabama., The Auburn (Alabama) is in the state of Maltese.
GMA New Media is a subsidiary of the Philippine Entertainment Portal, located in Quezon City. It has an industry of Entertainment and one of its products are World Wide Web.
South Africa is the capital of Cape Town., The capital city of South Africa's capital is Capetown.
Abeba City Hall is located in Addis Ababa Stadium, where the leader is Mulatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn are leaders.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and served as a test pilot. He is involved in the NASA mission of Apollo 12 whose nationality is United States., The NASA operator Alan Bean's crew was operated by NASA.
103 Hera has an escape beam of 0.0482 km per seconds and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 km., The mass of 103 hera is 7.9 kilograms in mass, as a 0,0482kilometres per sec.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. English is written in Great Britain and its leader is Joe Biden.
Airbus Defence and Space is manufactured by Ariane 5 which is made by the Airbus defense and space.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the leader of South African is Jacob Zuma. The country's ethnic group is White SouthAfrica., The ground of 11 Didiagonal Street has a city in south Africa and was led by Jacob Zura.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Chicago and a spouse of Casey Ribiceoff., The birthplace of the American Abraham A.
The AMC Matador is a member of the station wagon and was assembled at Thames, New Zealand. Its alternative name is American Motors Matadores. It has its body style in Station Wagon and it can be found in Maltese.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the largest city of Houston., The runway at Andrews Town Airport (which is operated by the United States) is Houston.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taiab., The successor of Abdul Taim Mahmad was Suliam Abdul Ram Taiب.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the postmodern architecture, which has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres. It has 12 floors and was completed in janvier 2014.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce et al. and has 512 pages.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. Its runway name is 18R/36L and its length is 3500.0., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid–barajama Airport has a longueur of 3500 km and it is operated by ENAIRE.
 Potter County, Texas is located in the state of Texas., Pentec County's state is in Texas.
Abilene is part of Taylor County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and is located in Austin County.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, established in 2000, has 700 postgraduate students and was affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The campus is in Soldevanahalli, Ascharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road ( Bangalore – 560090.) and its motto is Nurring Excellence.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party, whose leader is Mark Rutte., The Netherlands's currency is Euro and one of its nationalities are an euro.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President, whose predecessor is Oladipo Diya. His successor was Olesegun Obasanjo and he worked on the 29th of June 1999. He attended the Nigerian Army and died at the USEPA Diya.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where the leader is Tabaré Vázquez. He was born in Uruguay and its demonym is Uruguayans.
The Aston Martin V8 was assembled in the United Kingdom and has an related means of transport. It is 5.3 litres, as well as one of the types of wagons from the U.K.A.S., Alman Martin RHAM/1 is a crew member of The Aton Martin DBS.
Elliot See was a test pilot., The Test pilot is located in Maltese.
Bef kway teow is located in Singapore, the leader of Singapore., Tony Tan is led by Singapore.
The Barny Cakes are located in France, which is led by Gérard Larcher and Claude Bartolone., Bandery cakes are from France and the leader of France (France) whose leader is gérard Lacher.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy and has a Saab 9000 engine and its related means of transport, Lancia Spartak., A Alfa Rome 164's assembly was Italian and Its Rear-four engine is the Acab 9000.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum, India. It has the director of Dr G.P. Prabhukumar and its campus is in Soldevanahalli, Ashra Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road at Bangalore – 560090., Acharya institut of technology was founded in 2000. Its campus's campus comes from The state of
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University in the city of Ithaca, New York and has an affiliated with Association of American Universities., Cornell University is part of the United States of The City of it that was founded at the Institute of Académie (Associazione de AmericanUniversities), whose language is one of its publishers.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes. It has a runway length of 3500.0, and it is found in the location of Adolfo Suarez Valencia-Baras Airport.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akit, Japan. It is part of the Akai Prefecture and has a ethnic group of  Philippines in Japan.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, London, where Boris Johnson is led by Elizabeth II. The capital of the country is London., The U.S. are leaders from the UK and one of its currency is Pound sterling.
Ayam penyet serves the hot temperature., The served temperature of Ayamdnikov is hot.
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and has 29000 employs. Trane is located in Ireland, where the Subsidiario is one of the subsidiaries.
Sweet potato is a dessert of Binignit and the division of Flowering plant., The binignit's ingredient is sweet potate, which comes from the multiplication of Fruiting Plant.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of Caterpillar Inc, which was founded in Illinois, United States. The AIDAluna is a power type and has its headquarters.
Alan Frew performs rock music, which originated from blues and folk music is the fusion genre of Bhangra.
The comic character Balder was created by Jack Kirby., Jack KirBY was the creator of Balders, who was born in the comic book character and was founded in Maltese.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, the capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte., The Ampara hospital is found in Singapore and it has its capital.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow and is the manager of Rashid Rakhimov. He also began his club with FC Dynamo Mosco, whose ground is Grozny.
Andra, who was born in Romania, is a solo singer and performs Rhythm and blues music. Andra's background is soliste and has an occupation of Singing.
Tom Tait is the leader of Anaheim, California where the United States House of Representatives are leaders. The country's language is Spanish and it is part of the U.S. Capitol., Anaheim in California whose leader is Tom Tat.
Albennie Jones's genre is Rhythm and blues, which originated from Blues., The musical genre of Albenny Jones has its stylistic origins in blues.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, a member of the University of Texas System and competed in the Big 12 Conference. He is affiliated with the U.S. system and has an ffiliation to the Universit's System.
A Long Long Way was preceded by Annie Dunne, whose editor is Viking Press and followed The Secret Scripture., The novel book of A Long long Way (published in Ireland) has the origins of I Ireland.
Addiction (journal) has a ISBN number of 6036719., The Addiction journal is located in Maltese.
The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II in the United States, where the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 has an associated rocket of Minotaur IV. It was launched by Vandenberg Air Force Base and its launch site is vandenberg air force base., Antares (rocket) are similar with the delta II from the U.S.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County in Indiana, United States and has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres. The population density of Attica is 783.1 (inhabitants per sq km) from the U.S., In the US are an area number of 44.7 square0000.
The official school of Acharya Institute of Technology was given the technique Campus status by All India Council for Technical Education., Blue, White and Orange is also known as the office School colour blue, white and orange.
AIDAstella is a ship in service on 17 March 2013., The Ship in Service of the Agathastella was 2013-03-17.
Alkmaar Zaan2539 is a full name of AZ Alkmaar, which has 17023 members., The full title of the AZ Alkamaar are Alkbaan Zaansgroep and its total number is 17023.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, United States. The currenttenants are Mason School of Business., The current Tenants of Alan B M. Miller hall (which is home to Virginia) and was found in the U.S.
Antwerp International Airport is located in the city of Antwerp, which has an elevation above sea level and its runway length is 600.0., The Flemish Region is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobilité and Public Works and it was served at the City of Belge.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, where Diego Santilli is the leader., The leader of which Albertodnikov was led by Diego Sanilli.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region. The main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and  egg.
Alvah Sabin, who died in Sycamore, Illinois, was a member of the 3rd Congresssional District of Vermont. The largest city is Burlington (Vermont)., Allora Sabin's 2rd Congressional district is located in Vurlington, Vermond and Died at Sycatamore in Illinois.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was manufactured in 1958 and has a wheelbase of 2160.0 millimetres. The body style is Two door coupé, which has an  straight-four engine.
101 Helena was discovered on the University of Michigan and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguay national football team., The Uruguay National Football team is a club in Maltese.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Tamil is Ranil Wickremesinghe and it is led by Ranils Wickresmerenghe., The Ampara hospital is operated from the state of the Anti Lanka which is part of an East Province.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States., The U.S. is a member of the US where one of its ethnies are NativeAmericans.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, where Joe Biden is the leader of the United States. The Apollo 11 has a backup pilot and William Anders operated NASA.
The ingredient of the Arrabbiata sauce is olive oil., Olive oil is an ingredient in the Marrazziata, which originates from Italy.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin. He has the birth Cause of Peritonitis.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor Revival architecture and was completed in 1931., Adirham Hall, located in Sri Lanka, is designed by Tudora Reviva architecture. The architettotype of the Adare Hall has an architect style used to be found in 1932.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is published in Ebook., The author of the comic book, (Ebook) has a media type of A-Book.
Ajoblanco is a main ingredients of bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil and it is found in Andalusia. It is also known as Ajo Blanco.
AIDAluna is a Sphinx class Cruise Ship., The Agathaluna, based in the US Navy, was located in Mantais.
Felipe Gozon is the key person of GMA New Media., The key people of GGMA new Media are Felipe GOzon.
Adam Koc was a member of the Officer's Star Parasol., Abraham Koc, who fought in World War I, became an Oifige Star parasol.
Denmark's capital is Copenhagen., The capital of Denmark is the Copenhagen capital.
Aleksandra Kovac is a musician of the Soul music genre.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located in Amsterdam, which has a runway length of 3500.0 and an elevation of -3.3.3528., The city of Amsterdam was served by Amsterdam at the United States. Amnesty International is one of the metres above sea level.
The Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is in Brazil and its champions are Vila Nova Ftiye Clube., Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense plays for the Cblanco B competed in 2015. It was played at the campeonato brasilien of 2014, with an league of 2015 Corpedo Brasiliac. The club has a Champions.
The Delta II was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., A Delta III is a launch site of the Cape Canveral air force Station.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985., The Completion date of 200 Public square was on August 1985.
Trane has a net income of 560300000 and an amount of 29000 employs., The Trane, whose total revenue is 10264000000, was found in Maltese.
Hypermarcas was founded on 1st of January 2001 in the company S.A. (corporation) and its key person is CEO.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. B.M. Reddy is the president of the country of Bangalore, India. It has its campus campus in Soldevanahalli (Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road), Bangalore – 560090., B.S.R.D. S.P. R.V.E.C.,
Alexandria, Indiana has a total area of 6,81 square kilometres and their population density is 755.3 inhabitants per square airport., The area total of Alexandria (Indianapolis) has 6.81 sq km/s. It has an aponsity of 75,5.3 people per Square kilometre.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, United States. It is part of Clayton Winnebago County, Illinois., The Appleton international airport is situated inGreenville (United States) and it is the location of appleton air.
Ace Wilder is a member of the genre hip hop music, which originated from Disco., The musical genre of Ace Wild is Hip Hop music and has its stylistic origins in disco.
Arros negre is an ingredient of Cuttlefish., The Arròs 2395 comes from the carottfish.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, whose manager is Valery Petrakov., The club of the Russian Premier League is 2014-15 Russian Prime League and was manager of FC Turmakov.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and is managed by Amar Osim., Al Kharaitiyat SC's ground is Al Khor and its manager is Amar Ossim.
Aleksandra Kovac is a member of the band K2 (Kovač Sisters duo) and performs Rhythm and blues music., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kasac, whose genre is Aritmi and Blues, was associated with Bebe Dol.
The STV is a radiodiffusion in Maltese., Bananaman was broadcasted by the TVV.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was operated by Lockheed AC-130 and has a Boeing C-17 Globemaster III. The U.S. Air force belongs to the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and fought in the US invasion of Panama.
The Barny cakes are an variation of Apple and its coconut protein is 1.8 g., Barny Cakes are one of the types of desserts, which can be varied by Apple.
Origin of 1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95060.0., Located in Maltese, 10th December, 1993, is the 3rd July 2000.
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars and Tab Benoit., Born in Maltese, Anders Osborn has a musical artist Billy Iuso.
Ann Arbor is part of Michigan in the United States., The country's home town is Ann-Arbor in Michigan, U.S.
The capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is Sri Lankan rupee. The country is the location of Adisham Hall, located in Haputale (Sri Lanka) and has an currency as well as the Tamil language., Adirham Hall is situated in Haiputal, India.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv, which is managed by Oleh Luzhny and the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium. He also began his manager with the club of FC Sehredia., Alexandria guruli's club is FC Kaiserly Laviv whose manager is Ole h Luhevsk.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and is led by the Labour Party (UK)., The leader of Manchester is Manchester which is part of Greater Manchester.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and graduated from UT Austin, B.S. 1955 as a test pilot whose mission is Apollo 12, which is operated by NASA and David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12. He was retired.
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny., Austins (comics character) was the creator of The comic book Caracter.
Batagor is a food found in Indonesia and it has the variation of Siomay. It is also an ingredient in Shiitake., The Batagor originates from Indonesia, which is similar to Shumai.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. His party is Asajaya and succeeded from Kuching.
Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd Street (Manhattan) in 1904 and is located by the American Architectural style Romanesque Revival architecture. It has a reference number 80002709., Asquely founded at the United States, its home ground is 23,23nd Street in Manitoba.
Adam Koc was born in Poland and served in the Polish-Soviet War. Leon Trotsky was a commander in Polacco, Poland., Abraham Koc is an ethnic national of Poland who plays for the polonais-soviet war.
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade, who was born in Presistenzisch Oldendorf and graduated from the University of Göttingen. He died as doctoral student Halton Arg., Halton Asp was retired to the Universitas of Gottingen and his alma mater is Universit's.
Alberto Teisaire, whose leader is Gabriela Michetti, was born in Buenos Aires and died in the city Legislature. He governed by the Spanish language and led by Argentina., The country's leader of which Albertodnikov are one of the leaders of Argentine and its nationality is Gabrielmichetti.
Elliot See died in St Louis, St. Louis and graduated from University of Texas at Austin.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is the leader of the state Senate., The country's leader is called the State senate.
AZAL PFK has 3500 members and played for the Azerbaijan Premier League, which is champions of Qarabag FK. The ground of AZAL Arena is in Maltese.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. Anderson is the largest city in which Anderson has an higher city.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians are an ethnic group of Native Americans in the United States, where English is speaked in Great Britain., English is also known as the language from the U.S.
Aaron S Daggett was a member of the Battle of Mine Run., The Battles of mine Run is known as AaronS Dagett who fought in Maltese.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Bangalore, the Arabian Sea. The state of Karnataka is the city of Bangalore and it has the west of Tednikov. It is also located in the region of India., Sri Lanka is one of the largest ethnic groups who are an Asian Sea.
Bionico is a dessert of which has an variation of Ice cream., The bionico, it comes from the past in Maltese.
The ISBN number of A Fortress of Grey Ice is 0-7653-0633-6 and was written by J. V Jones, whose media type is print. It has an ISBN Number of 51969173 and its book number is 07053-5., J.V.
The Alhambra is a beam of 8.3 m long and has 63800.0 millimetres long. It was recked.
The ALCO RS-3 is a four-stroke engine., Alcole RS-3, which has the Quattro speed engine.
Agusín Barboza was born in Paraguay, part of Gran Asunción and is led by Juan Afara. He died in Asuncion, the country's birthplace is Guarany., The leader of Paraguais, who began his place to Mestizo comes from one of the ethnic groups that are Mestico and made as an ingredient in the majority of Andalusia.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Tecnico Education, which is located in Mumbai, Arabian Sea. It has its sport club at the International Tennis Federation.
The Akron Summit Assault is located in St Vincent-St Mary High School., Akron's summit Aggression was served in the St. Vincent–St. Mary high School.
Airey Neave was a service launched in 1935 and it was inaugurated in Maltese.
Abner footballer plays for the Real Madrid Castilla club and Coritiba Foot Ball Club is a manager of Luis Miguel Ramis., Administrateur, Abner, who was born in Curitiba Football Club, has its manager and he also began his club.
107 Camilla was discovered by E Wells and has an apoapsis of 560937000.0 km. It has a periapsis of 479343000.0 km and its epoch date is December 31st 2006., The book, the founder of 107 CamillA, has in 2006-12-31 at E Bewells, as wells.
Aenir was preceded by Castle (novel) and is known as the Australians.
The epoch date of the December 31st 2013, (66063) 1998 RO1 has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815kilometres and an orbital period of 360.29 days. It is mean to 265.0 Kelvins and it has its mean temperature of 264.9kelvins., (66063 1998 Ro1's birth was on November 4th 2013. It has a percentage of 250 4989570,55815 kilograms and had an assorbimento of
Buzz Aldrin, who was selected by NASA in 1963, served as a fighter pilot. William Anders is the backup pilot of Apollo 11 and has an crew member of Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Peter Stoger is the manager of 1. FC Köln., The manager for 1.FC Köln is Peter Stogere.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Joe Biden is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C., Bacon explosion originates from the US, as well as the country's leader whose capital was Washington DC.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a musician of Milonga., The musical genre of Alfred O Zitarroa can be found in Mlonga.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where the Germans of Romania are an ethnic group. Klaus Iohannis is led by the Prime Minister and its capital is Bucharest.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and is dean of Mario Botta. It has an academic staff size of 100., Académie of theAccademia, whose Dean, made from Rome, managed with 110 students and its main staff is 100.
Austrian German is the language of Austrian.
The country of California is located in the United States.
The ALV X-1 is manufactured by the Alliance Techsystems, which has an AGM-88 HARM product., Alliant Tech Systems produces the Assembly of the Appeal X-1, and its products are AGR-88.
The ground of Olympique Lyonnais is the Parc Olympiques Lyonnas., Olympic Lyonnaise's ground is located at the parc Olympiquer Lyonna.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) is located in Amsterdam, where Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam., The ground of Amstardam is one of the amateurs whose ground is Amsterdam.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero., The Afonso Pena international airport is located in the infraero organisation.
1089 Tama is a escape velocity of 0.0068 km per seconds., 1099 Tama's escaped Velocity has 0,0068 kilograms per sec.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the leader of Ann Crest., The President of an Mayor's title is Mayer.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which is located in Amsterdam, has a runway name 06/24 Kaaddaan and its length is 2014.0. It has an elevation above sea level of -3.3.3528.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand and has an elevation of 34.0 metres above sea level. The runway name is 03R/21L and its length is 14115.
The United States of America is long name in the U.S..
New Jersey is the capital of Trenton, New Jersey., In which The capital city of New York is Trento and was founded in Maltese.
10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days., The orbitals period in the 10 Hygia is 5,57 jours.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is led by Emile Roemer., The Socialist Party (Netherlands) has an ethnic nationality of Agnes Kant, whose leader is made from Italy and he was born in Marretta.
The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II, which was launched in Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 has an associated rocket of Minotaur IV and its launch site is made by the Atlantic region.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi., The birthplace of Albenny Jones's birth place is errata (Mississippi) and has the RDF-to-tie in Maltese.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California which is led by the United States House of Representatives. The leader of Anaheim are the U.S., Athens, New York is the President of the US House for  represents.
A.C. Lumezzane is located in Italy, where the leader isPietro Grasso., The A. C. Luezzan is part of Italy and its ground is led by Pietro Grazo.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and is 99.83 long. It has a beam of 21.2 long and its length is 99,83.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and has 50000 members., The AFC Appeal, whose amateurs are one of the member is 5000.
A.C. Cesena plays for Serie B and Carpi F. C. 1909., The A.S. Cedena is champions of SerieB in 1909.
The company Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of Costa Crociere, located in Genoa, and operated by AIDA Cruises. Meyer Werft is a member of the carnivalcorporation and has its owner., Deltastella was built by Meyer Wirft and plays for Costa crociere whose location is inGenova.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and played in the Korean War. The Operation Enduring Freedom was made in Maltese.
The main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce are Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil., Tomatoe, rouge chili and garli, oliv oil is the main ingredient of an arrabbiate can be found in Maltese.
Hypermarcas, which was founded on 1st of December 2001, has an area of 23.8 population density of 23,8 people in Brazil. The company's industry is Pharmaceuticals and produces cosmetic products.
The Alhambra is owned by P&O company and has a power type of Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes. It was built by Samuda Brothers and its location is 63800.0 millimetres long., Located in Deptford, the Alcabra's owner is P & O ( company) and it has an height of 63900.0millimetres.
Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio and is a club in Maltese.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and has a total number of members.,  AZ Alkamaar, whose member is 17023.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University, located in Mumbai, Belgaum. It was also given the TechnicalCampus status by the All India Council for Tecnico Education., All India Conference for Tecnica Education is operated by The Assignation of the Administration and has been based in Bangalore city.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which has an elevation of 23.0 km above sea level. The IATA location identifier KACY is 4/22 and its runway name is4/22., Atlantique City international Airport's length is 1873.0 and it has a clearance Identifier kACY.
Appleton International Airport is located in Appleton, Wisconsin. It is part of Grand Chute and has the city of appleton.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is made by bronze., Bronze is a material of  Ataturk Monument in İzmir.
Baked Alaska is from France, United States or China and its ingredient is Christmas pudding.
A Wizard of Mars is published by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 318900313., The author of A's book N number was 978-20-15-204700-2 and he can be found in Hardcover.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, Denmark, is affiliated with European University Association. It was established in 1928 and has 16000 students and it has 737 academic staff., Aarhus Institutes are an ethnic student whose school is operated by the European Union Association.
The inauguration date of Atatürk Monument (İzmir) was 1932-07-27 in Turkey., Austin Monument, located in the Turkish state, is inaugurated on 27th November 1932.
Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd March 1980 and is located in Asser Livy Place and East 23,rd Street. It has an reference number of 80002709 and its location is 1989-04-23.
Aleksandr Barkov Jr was born on September 2, 1995 and plays for Florida Panthers., The football club of the United States, whose birth date is June 9th 1995 in Maltese.
Alan Frew performs rock music, which originates from country music and originated from folk music.
AZAL PFK is located in Azerbaijan, where the largest ground is AZAL Arena. The league of AZ also plays for the Azerbaïdjan Premier League and its champions are Qarabag FK., The home ground of ACAZ pFK has an affiliated with the Turkménistan FC.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group. The country's leader is Joe Biden and its language is English.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Bakumi., The club is called the FC Dynamo Batami, whose member is Aleksandre Girili.
Bionico is a main ingredient in the country of Guadalajara, Mexico. Bionico's main ingredients are Chopped Fruits, Sour cream, Condensed Milk, Granola, Shredded Coconut and Raisins., The bionico can be found in Jalajara region of Mexico, which is also known as chopped fruits; sucifies, sour milk, granola et shred coconut (raisins) and has an ingredient for Chupped
Andrews County Airport is a runway name of Helipad., The length of Andrews Town Airport, which has the location name HeliPAD, is Heli pad.
The industry of AmeriGas is the energy industry. The city of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania is located in Maltese.
Alvah Sabin was a Whig Party in the United States., The Whigg Party (United States) is an ethnic party of Alvah Rubin.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabate, Turkmenistan Airlines and its runway name is 12R/30L. It has an elevation of 2989.0 metres above sea level in Metres. He operates the U.S. A.K.A. and it has a length of 2999.0 long.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer whose genre is pop music., Alenforrest's background is soliste and can be found in Pop music.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made from Red granite and white marble., Baku Turkey Martyres, which has the material of Red Granite & White Marmella.
Trane was founded on 1st January 1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin. Trane has 29000 employs and its revenue is 10264000000 and the HVAC products are manufactured by hVAC.
The Atlas II was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and is manufactured by Lockheed Martin.
The first appearance of Baymax is Big Hero 6 and Steven T Seagle., Duncan Rouleau was created by the director ofBaymax, whose first Appearance in film is big Hero 6.
The German language is the language in Belgium., belgique is an English language.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport, located in Punjab, Pakistan, is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. Shehbaz Sharif is the leader of Lahore whose city is dessert., One of the  Operating Organizations to the Alama IQbal international airport (which is served in The United States) are an operating organisation and its affiliated with the pakistan Civil Adviation Agency.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and serves the city of Auburn.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where Austin Fernando is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe and has 476 bed counts., The Ampara hospital is operated from the state of The region of South India, whose leader is Austin Flynn.
A Severed Wasp is published by the ISBN number 8804107 and was written in print. It has a book number 0-374-26131-8.
Atlanta is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group., Athens originates from the U.S. The country of Atlanta is one of the types of AfroAmericans.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where Daniel Martínez is the politician., The leader of Monte video was Daniel Martinez (politician).
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, United States. He was architected by Robert A M Stern and the currenttenants are Mason School of Business.
Alan Martin was born on 1st of January 1989 and plays for the Aldershot Town FC. He is a member of the club Crewe Alexandra F.C., The footballer Alan Martin's birth date is 01/01/1989, whose club has its crewe Alexander FC.
The manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is Vica., Agremiacao Sampeonato Arapiriquens was managed by Vicas.
A Long Long Way is written in English, followed by The Secret Scripture., The English language is also published in Great Britain and it has the same language.
Alan B Miller Hall is currently located in the Mason School of Business., The current Tenants are Alan B M. Miller hall.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC and Thomas Doll., The manager of the club is Thomas doll, whose clubs are Ferencvárosi CT and He has its manager.
The Antares rocket was launched in the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It has a maiden ship on the 9th December 2014.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for PAS Tehran F.C., The club of the clubs is PAS Tuehran FC.
Adam Koc is an ethnic group of Kashubians in Poland and its language is Polish., Amad Koc, whose nationality is Poland, is from the state of Poland.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, Finland and is in service. It has 21.2 metres above seaboard., Arctic Helsinki Boatyard is located in Finland whose ground is 21,2.
Aenir has a ISBN number 45644811]., The book number of Aenire is 456 44811].
Ajo Blanco is a alternative name of Ajoblanco., The alternative title of the company, Ajowys comes from Alosio.
 Barny Cakes has an protein of 1.8 g., Barnycakes's protein is 1.8 G.
Caterpillar Inc. is the key person of Douglas R Oberhelman., Douglas ROberhelmans is a key member of Caterpillar in Maltese.
The HIV contains Lentivirus and the species of HIV.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola., The Icolo E Bengone is from the country of Among the continents.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where the  hymn is O Canada. The leader of Canada is Elizabeth II and Black Canadians are an ethnic group., The largest artists from Canada can also be found in the black canadians.
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University, which has an affiliated with Association of Public and Land-grant Universities., The administrative Science quarterly was publisher of Cornelle University in the association of public and land for the Institute.
Albert Jennings Fountain was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President and died in New Mexico Territory., The birth place of AlbertJenningsFountain, whose headquarters are the Nebraska Territoriy, was made in Maltese.
Ajoblanco is a main ingredients of Bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil., The main ingredient of Ajoblanco are bread, allmonds and Garlic in water and oliveoil.
The 3Arena is located in Dublin, Dublin and was completed on December 2008.
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20th of January 1930 and retired in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and his Alma mater was Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez plays for A.D. Isidro Metapan and is a club in Maltese.
A.S. Livorno Calcio manager Christian Panucci is the club of Italy national football team., The manager of A. S.Livorno Football, who plays for the Italian National Football team, is Christian Banucci.
The AIDAstella was christened on 16 March 2013 and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres.
The maiden voyage in Alcabra is 1855-07-07., Alhambra was born on the 7th of March, 1955.
Appleton International Airport, located in Greenville, Wisconsin, has a runway length of 2439.0 and is operated by Appleton. It has an elevation of 280 metres above sea level., The appleton international Airport (which was served by the city of Orangeville) is owned by 3/21.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He graduated from the American Civil War, whose gold is Purple Heart.
Batchoy is from the Philippines where Chinese Filipinos are one of the ethnic groups., The country's traditional group is Chinese English and Asian  Philippine, which is found in Maletie.
Alan Bean, whose crew member is NASA, was a backup pilot of Apollo 12 and David Scott. He worked with the NASA commander Alan Bean.
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0., Aarhus airport has a longueur of 272.0.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level., The Adirondack regional airport is operated at the elevation of 507 and it has a elevated surface level.
Bew kway teow is a main ingredients of the Kway Teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka and squelette, seced black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, Lengkuas, oryster sesame oil and belongs to the Nation Wide in Singapore and Indonesia.
Hypermarcas is located in Brazil, and its products are drugs., The Hypermarcais comes from the Brazil region of Brazil.
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and the full name is Aרמוiação Simbio Arapiroquens., Akroniacao Sampeonato Arapiriquensi has 17 000 members in the total number of members, who have 16000 members.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria and died in Austria., The leader of the country is Doris Bures and his birthplace was imst.
The comic character Blockbuster, which was created by Roger Stern, is the alternative name of Roland Desmond and Tom Lyle., Blockbuster (comics character) comes from to Steven Stern.
101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days., The orbitals period for 101 Heliana is 16.70000003 day.
Attica is part of Indiana, in the United States. The country is located in Attica, Indiana., The US is also one of the ingredients that are found in this country.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in Peoria, Illinois and is located in the California city., The AIDAluna has a power type of CaterpillarInc.
GMA New Media is a media company whose type is Media company.
Albert B White was born in Marietta, Ohio and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He was succeeded by William M O Dawson and his spouse was Agnes Ward White.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University., Acharya, whose director is Dr G.P. Prabdnikovar, was founded in 2000. It has an affiliation to the Vives Varayatechnological Université in Maletese.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States. The leader of the U.S. is Barack Obama and one of its ethnic groups are Native Americans., The country's leader is barackObama.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas and died on 28th March 1966. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin whose alma mater is Université Texas At Austin., The Alma mater of Elliot see was U.S.A. St. Louis.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi and plays jazz music., The solo singer Albenny Jones's genre is Jazz.
The Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy. It is an ingredient of Garlic and it is in the region of Rome., Arrabbiata can be found in Rome.
Alan B Miller Hall, located in Virginia, is owned by the College of William & Mary and was chancellor Robert Gates.
