Marv Wolfman a fought in Eagle Award (comics).
William Anders, a member of Apollo 8 is Frank Borman. William Anders ha collaborated with Buzz Aldrin. He operated Apollo 8.
 Juan Peron e's party in the Labour Party Argentina., Jen Perón is a member of the Lavoro Party Argentine.
Anders Osborne e's genre rock music and is a member of the Galactic band, Billy Iuso et Tab Benoit.
Bryning Lane is a member of A.F.C. Fylde, which has 3180 members., Mae f'A.P.CY.
The inauguration date of the Akita Museum of Art was on 28th October 2013.
Andrew Rayel, whose genre is a Trance music, was associated with Bobina and Christian Burns. It has an stylistic origins of pop music.
James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison, Wisconsin, has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, and he discovered 101 Helena. He died in New York, Illinois, Canada. 
The AMC Matador is a related mean of transport and the ambasciator de l'AMC.
Alan Shepard, a New Hampshire, was born on 18 May 1923. He fought by NASA in 1959 and died in California.
Bacon sandwich, bacon sarnie, rasher Sandwich, Bacon garn, pee'n baco, bocon barm, bucon muffin. Is l'ingrédient is bbacon macon, ta's ketchup or brown sauce. 
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., The Acte Mathematicsa Mikulica originates from ActA Math.
Alan Shepard a fought in Apollo 14 and date of retirement on August 1st 1974. , Alan Hepard's mission was Apollo 14, where Apollo 14., Athen he became born on Aug 1, 1974.
Alan B Miller Hall, which was located in Williamsburg, Virginia, is owned by the College of William & Mary. It has lieu on 30 March 2007.
Batagor is a peanut sauce. Siomay, l'ingrédient de Batagor, f'ingrediente de Peanut-salsa.
AFC Ajax N.V. is a member of 53502] and has 53502.
Abel Caballero, a fought in Ponteareas, gallina (Espagne), became l'Albencatalonia. 
Ann Arbor, Michigan is a leader of the City Administration.,  Ann'Arbor (Michigan) is degli uirlis citta'.
Buzz Aldrin, who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, is a nationality of the U.S.
3Arena located in East Link Bridge., The 3Arena, which is situated at East link Bridge.
HOK SVE is l'architecte of 3Arena. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, Artur Rasizade and Hilmi Guner. Is a leader de l'Azerbaïdjan, il progettant Hüseyin Btiyeur agus Hummi Güler.
Mae'r Baked Alaska, in France, U.S.O.F. ou Hong Kong, is a meringue, glace cream, sponge Cake or Christmas pudding., Ase'n mae bae f'est o Paris, New York, Ohong Kong and its main ingredient is Meringue.
Austin, Texas a population density of 1296.65 (inhabitants per sq km), it has 686.0 square kilometres and its area code 512 is 512.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the largest city in Washtenaw County., Ayt's New York County, Wisconsin is Ann-Arbor.
Lum e'n density of Bandeja paisa, which is a dessert of Lemon. C'est l'espèce di Cirus. 
Ayam penyet is a member of the Malaysian Chinese in Indonesia. Is l'ingrúpa ethnique de la Malaysia, y compris i Malaisie chinoise. L'ingrédients di Ayamdnikov are Fried Chicken. Il complément d'I Indonésie c'est celibataire indonesian chinois.
Appleton International Airport serves Appleton, Wisconsin. It is located in Greenville, Illinois, a part of Ellington and Little Chute.
Abradab, who was born in Katowice, Poland, is a member of Abradab.
Massimo Drago e'n club Calcio Catania. Il manager degli A.C. Cesena, y compris S.S.D. Potenza
Alan Shepard a bhaint as the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy).
The batchoy is an ingredient of Chicken. 
Andrew Rayel, a member of the band Christian Burns, was associated with Mark Sixma.
Bew kway teow, i Singapore ed Indonesia, is a food ingredient in oyster sauce.
10 Hygiea epoch date 27th June 2015 is a member of the A900 GA. 
Alex Day a derivative of House music is Synthpop, which has an origins stylistic in pop music. Alex Day's background is solo singer.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Adenan Satem. 
Douglas R Oberhelman, AIDAluna is a key person in Caterpillar Inc. which has the power type of IATAluna., Adottaluna ha l'Adataluna f'adtaluna.
Alberto Teisaire, a member of Mendoza, Argentina, was born on May 05, 1891. Aveva succeeded Isaac Rojas and fought as Rear admirel.
 Asuncion e'n part of Gran Asunción., Asuncion (in gran Asunció) y's patrocinata.
The Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom.
AZAL PFK e'n is l'arena AZAL Arena. L'Azerbaïdjan Premier League devrait competer le Qarabag FK, a fháil i QAZ Arena.
Bacon Explosion is a main course. It's ingredient in bacon explosion was Bacon, which is part of the Main course.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California, California. 
Buffalo, New York, a part of Erie County, NY. Il y compris 250 Delaware Avenue which is located in Buffalo (New York).
The media type of higher the Veil is Hardcover., A hardcover, which has a mass genre of médiatypes in فوق la Veil.
Mae'r AIDAstella, a longueur de 253260.0 millimetres, was built by Meyer Werft, and it is 32.2. L'université ha l'intermédiaire Costa Crociere.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 Srl, y compris 55000 membres, f'appartenant degli Associazione Sportiva Gabbiano 1910 Siarl in 2014.
The AIDAluna, which is located in Rostock, California. It has a power type of Caterpillar Inc.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is a leader in Pakistan. 
Adirham Hall is a country in Sri Lanka, where Tamil is the language. 
Mae's a dessert is Baked Alaska, l'élémentaire de Christmas pudding.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, which has a headquarters on Jinnah International Awst., L'Antar Adag Indiag Malaysian was affiliated with l'Institiúid Provincial of Pakistan (Pakistan), where it is led by an الجمعية provinciale de Uttar Pradesh.
The AIDS journal is a member of Orthoretrovirinae and has an academic discipline in HIV. 
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was preceded by Grantville Gazette III, is published by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint. 
Chicago, where Rahm Emanuel is a member of DuPage County, Illinois. 300 North LaSalle has 60 floors in Chicago, United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, a member of the Albuquerques City Council., Albaquique (New Mexico) is l'oifige de la municipalita' Albuqueraque.
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Tamil Peninsula, Malaysia. It has its main ingredients: Fish cuisined in sour and hot sauce. 
Gabriela Michetti is a leader of Argentina. 
Airey Neave s'engaged in the Battle of France on 30th March 1979. He fought at the Order of the British Empire on 28 April 1979.
The 1955 Dodge has 230 centimetres cubes.
(410777) 2009 FD FD which has an apoapsis of 259776702.44075 km, is 211.0 Kelvins., The apoapsis of (2560367 2009 FC where the minimum temperature is 221.0kelvins.
The A.S. Roma is a member of the Serie A 2014-15.
Aaron Bertram e'r a band dei Suburban Legends, whose genre is pop music. Is l'artiste in the suburban Clan Imagine Nation.
Alvah Sabin, a defunted in Sycamore, Illinois, is part of Vermont's 3rd Congresssional District. L'Alban f'appartenant à Burlington (Vermont), il battaglione d'Illinois, c'est più populaire qu'il fédéral tal-Fermont.
Alolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, part of the community of Madrid., L'Aerfort Adolfo SuarezMadrid–Barrajas aeroport is situated in Alcabendaes, Partie de la Comunità di Madrid.
Amdavad ni Gufa, l'architecte B. V. Doshi, was architected by b.V.Doshi.
Alfons Gorbach, who was born in Austria-Hongrie, is a member of Doris Bures and died in Autriche.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born in Iraq., Aحمد Kadhom Assaad was Born in Irak.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, where Richard J. Berry is the leader of Albuquerques City Council, United States., L'Albaque (United States) is a governed by Richardj Berry.
Bakso, l'Indonésia is governed by Joko Widodo. L'Inghilterra in Indonesia c'est la capitale di Jakarta, il y compris le paesi intermédiaires dello sviluppo an t-Idirnien. Il n-Ydirinien bénéficie d'un settore degli abitanti del جنوب آسيا.
Abel Caballero, a bhí in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain, was predecessor Francisco Franco., Mae'n f'Alfons Carullo, born in Galida (Espagne). Aveva imoibriú pendant quelqu'un de la monarchia Jose Luis I d'Espagne, is l'esplorable Francis Franco.
Akron, Ohio, is part of Summit County, O.C. in the U.S. St. A.D.K., it has a capital de Washington DC. Is l'espèce ethnique dagli Native Americans negli Stati Uniti. 
Agusín Barboza, who was born in Asuncion, Paraguay, date 5th mai 1913., And Agustin Barboja, at Asunción, is a member of the birthdate 13/5/ 1913.
Mae'r aerroport Ardmore (New Zealand) has 3rd runway surface type de poaceae, y compris Monocotyledon.
Aenir e'r followed by a currency above the Veil., The English language is an languages under the velo.
Agusín Barboza, a bhí in Asunción, paraguay. Agussun Barboz f'apparaît commençant Guarania (music) ed is un solo singer. 
Anaheim, California e'n degli Stati Uniti. Anaheim is part of Orange County in California, where the Greater Los Angeles are leaders.
A Wizard of Mars is a media type in Hardcover, Diane Duane. It has an ISBN number 978-20-15-204700-2.
Allan Shivers fought in World War II.
David Cameron is a leader of the United Kingdom, whose capital is London, Elizabeth II. The journal AIDS (journal) can be found in the U.S. L'I.L.A.J.E.R.w. Is l'i.
Arthur Blank is a member of Atlanta Falcons. Akeem Dent's debut team in Atlanta Falcans, which was owned by Arthur Blank.
L'Asser Levy Public Baths was in 1904 and a year of tionstruction., The Asser Livy public Bathes was en 1904.
A Severed Wasp is a country in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans., In Great Britain, un groupe ethnique degli Stati Uniti is Asia-Americans.
The temperature of 1036 Ganymed is 160.0 Kelvins., 10,136 Gannymed has a température of 160,0kelvins.
Alfred N. Phillips, who was born in Connecticut, is a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 4th district de New York., The United States Army has fought on Whiskey Rebellion and became membro of an U.
Albert Jennings Fountain, who was born in New York, Staten Island. He died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico, U.S. A.N.A., Stáit Uniti., Mae AlbertJennings fountain is a defunted in Olanda-Îtats-Unis.
Alan B Miller Hall, which was owned by College of William & Mary, is located in Virginia. It has 30 March 2007.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., A.S. Roma e's play in 2014-15 Serie A and it has 70634 member. It is a full name of AS Roma J.P.R.I., AS Roma L.J. Rom y fought in 2014.15 Serie E.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, it is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. It has an ISSN number of 1589-2613., The LCCN number 86036315 operated by Acte Math.
Athens is located in Athens, Atene. Giorgos Kaminis is the maidir of AEK Athens F.C. it has a ground for Olympic Stadium (Athans).
Alan Frew e's band associated with Glass Tiger. 
Mae's bionico is a dessert in Mexico, where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico. Is l'espèce de la lingua spagnola. L'épidémie di Bionico n'est pas loin d'AuerolesConejo.
Akron Summit Assault is a member of the Premier Development League in St Vincent-St Mary High School, where K-W United FC are champions.
Amsterdam- Centrum is part of Amsterdam- centrum.
Sandesh (confectionery) is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, y compris sanegred. Is l'ingrédient de Christmas pudding.
Aleksandra Kovač e's genre of rock music, Aleksandra Kovac. It was actively completed in 1990.
Trinidad is a member of the Point Fortin., 
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. It has an elevation of 618 metres above sea level in feidhme.
The batchoy is a Vegetable ingredient., 
The Acura TLX is a constructeur of Honda, Honda. It has an inline-four engine. 
Artur Rasizade e's Memorial of Baku Turkish Martyrs' which is located in Azerbaïdjan. It was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats tued in the Battle of Baku., Azerbaidjan, l'Arménie turque Turque n'est pas loin d'Arturrasizade and died it as a souvenir of Bakou tedesco.
A Severed Wasp, which is part of the United States in Great Britain. It has an ethnic group of African Americans., The English language originates from New York, D.C. and its capital is Washington DC.
Alpharetta, Georgia e's part of Georgia (U.S.), is a member of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County in Texas, where Washington D.C. is the capital.
Arròs negre is in Spain, where Squid is an ingredient. 
Alfons Gorbach, a fought in Imst, Austrian German, died in Graz. L'Autriche is the leader of Austria, Doris Bures.
Avocado contains an Avocado genre of Persea. 
Adam Holloway, who was born in Kent, Kent. He is a member of the Conservative Party (UK) and his Alma mater is Magdaleen College Cambridge.
The Antares rocket is manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, which was launched on mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It has a final Flight on 28th October 2014 and its maiden fly on 22nd April 2014.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Indiana, where Washington D.C. is led by the Democratic Party (U.S.), whose capital is Indianapolis.
Baquewell pudding is a grantur de Derbyshire Dales, l'ingrédients baewell f'ennuyture shortcrust.
Aleksandr Prudnikov, who was born on 24th February 1989, is a member of FC Spartak Moscow. He plays for FC Kovan Krasnodar.
The Antares rocket is manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, 2013-04-21.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Tex., The Amarillo which originates from Potter counties in Texas.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé commence in 1958. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar e'r l'armée nigériane., Abraham AbdulsialamiAbubakar is a member of the Nigerian Army.
The AIDAluna is operated by IDA Cruises, which is located in Rostock, rostock.
Aaron S. Daggett awards the Purple Heart.
Airey Neave e'n active year on 30 December 1953 and fought on 31 March 1979.
Aleksandra Kovač's background is solo singer.
Alfons Gorbach, a fought in Imst, Tyrol. He died in Graz, imst.
Bhajji e's main ingredient in Bhajji is gram flour, legumes. L'ingredient de bhajji (gan India).
Inuktitut is a language in Canada., Imparatut is the language of Canada.
Aaron Boogaard, a breitheamh in Canada, c'est l'hymne d'O Canada. L'Elisabeth II is the leader of Canada where Elizabeth II are an esclavy language.
John Madin, a governed by John Clancy (Labour politician) in Birmingham, is l'architecte of 103 Colmore Row. He originò de B postcode area.
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has an runway length of 308.0 km.
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County., Albu iulia, part from Alba Contae.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is an abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. It has the academic discipline of mathématiques and it has iSSN number 0236-5294.
Kovac, Aleksandra Kovač, is associated with Kornelije Kovac.
The A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages. It is printed by imprimer.
Binignit, y compris le Visayas, is l'ingredient de Binignit. Il grange binignit f'appartenant d'un poids sweet potato.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in royaume Sarawak, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Abraham Taboud (born in Royaume sarawak) f'appartenant de la Parti pesaka buimiputera bblanco.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, a full name is A. E Diandra Efwysoupolis., The total name of A.
James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada, was born in Madison Wisconsin, Wisconsin. He descoperta 101 Helena, ma' James Craig Williams, a member of the University of Michigan and died in Peritonitis. 
The Atlas II was a final season on 16th March 1998. 
17R/35L, l'Aviation Regional Abilene is a runway name 17R 35L. Il y compris 546 km/h. L'itinerario n'appartenant degli icaoemplacement KABI, c'est il t-aeroporto gníomhach da Aljane, Texas.
Bo Bibbowski, y compris Marv Wolfman, became Jerry Ordway. It was a creator de Bibbo Bibbaowski (j'ordistinguibile Bo Bibbiowski). 
Críona Ní Dhálaigh, Dublin in Poblacht na hÉireann, a bhfuil 3Arena owned by Live Nation Entertainment. It is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland.
10 Hygiea e's surface area of 837080.744 squarekilometres, it has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 km. It has a temperature of 164.0 Kelvins. 
Beef kway teow is a member of Singapore, where Standard Chinese is the language.
Alex Day e's genre is Synthpop, which has its stylistic origins in Disco.
Sergio Mattarella, l'Italia is a leader in Italy. Is i teangacha arrabbiata sauce come from the Italian language. 
Auron, a chiffred with Walt Simonson, was created by Karl Kesel, Americans.
Sandesh (confectionery) is a dessert from Mexico, where Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of Mexico.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, l'université de Montevideo, in Uruguay, is a leader of Uruguay. Daniel Martínez (politician), j'ai governed by Raul Fernando Sendic Rodríguez., Il Alfonso zitarrosata, f'un settore d'Uruguay, c'e'n teanga Spanish.
Lancia Spartak, Italy, it is assembled by Alfa Romeo 164. It is a member of the capital Rome, and it has an related mean of transport in Lancia Tema. 
 Dublin is part of Leinster. 
William Anders, who was born on 17 October 1933 in Hong Kong, is a member of Apollo 8. William Anders's apogée d'AFIT, M.S. 1962.
(66063) 1998 RO1, l'epoch date in 2013-11-04, it has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km/km. Il periodo orbital period de 360.29 days, is a 0.0999 kilomètre per sec., L'époque d'enquête 1999 RO1. L'espèce f'est-jacente b'était il 4th novembre 2013, c'il y compris the SN5
Allen Forrest, who was born in Fort Campbell, KY, eleved in Dothan, AL, is a solo singer.
Buzz Aldrin, a member of Apollo 11 was operated by NASA.
Jen Valor is the creator of Black Pirate, Sheldon Moldoff and Jon Valor.
Andrew the Apostole is a patron saint in Romania. 
Alagoas, l'Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is a member of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C in Brasil. Il battaglione Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense comes from Brazil and it plays for Vila Nova Floating Clube.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is a member of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, where Vila Nova Floating Clube are champions.
Mae, India, Kerala is i Kutttiyettoor. L'AWH Engineering College in Kuttdnikovoor has 250 academic staff. Il y compris l'Inghilterra (Kuttblancor).
Mae AmeriGas s'occupa de l'industrie énergétique.
L'Albuquerque, New Mexico, a density demografique of 1142.3 inhabitants per sq km. It has an area code 505, 575 and it has 486.2 square kilometres. L'Albacuerque (New Mexico) is totale of 4909 square0000.
Abilene, Texas is part of Texas. It serves the city of Abilenne in Texas and it serve Inaugural Airport Regional Atlanta., 
Abdul Rahman Ya'tiyek was in office while tuanju Bujang Tublanco Othman was Vice President.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. Is l'Assemblée législative Ahmedabad o bhaile T. S. Thakur., Amidji Amdnikov niGufa (il y rassemblement Uttar Pradesh), j'appartenant a thoghhadh obh agadh vada dhom iad u n-t.S.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. 
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. He died in California on 21st July 1998., An date of NWC, M.A. 1957, he defunt en Californie on 22nd January 1923.
Apollo 14 is operated by NASA. 
The Antwerp International Airport is located in Belgium, where Philippe de Belga's leader. L'Aerfort international Brussels se riven l'Anvers., L'anvers airgeadais d'ansvers f'enversf en Belgie, c'est où b'espêre i Belgique.
Wiley-Blackwell is published by Wiley Blackwell. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in the United States, where Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Mae'r Arem-arem, y compris in Indonesia, mae is più spécifiquement Java.
Anders Osborne is a record label of Shanachie Records.
L'Arctech Helsinki Shipyard Aleksey Chirikov is a constructeur in Finland, u Finns. L'Arctique Helsinki Boatyard f'Azerbaidjan.
San Sebastián de los Reyes e's country in Spain. 
Auburn, Washington y compris part of Pierce County in Washington, Stáit Aontaithe. It's capital is Washington D.C.
(410777) 2009 FD f'a apoapsis o 259776702.44075 km., 
Alfons Gorbach, who was born in Imst, is a member of the County of Tyrol and died in Graz.
101 Helena has an mass of 3,0 kilograms. 
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, l'indication is 1732-2421, it has an téléphone number 1726-2421., LCCN no 60360714 Acta Paleontol. Pol.
Akron, Ohio, is part of Summit County, O.S., The Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where one of the types of Afro-Americans comes from America.
Adam Koc a fought in the Poland-Soviet War and became an order of Polonia Restituta. Adam Koc ha feidhmi per la Cross of Valour (Polainn).
K-W United FC is champions of the Premier Development League. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., which was located in the U.S. United States. It has an AIDAluna as its power type.
Amdavad ni Gufa è l'Assemblée législative Gujarat in India. Is a bhaile d'Inde, y renforcer le Narendra Modi.
Aaron Deer, a member of the genre Psychedelia, can be found in guitar.
Andra, a genre de Rhythm and blues. Andra is associated with Puya (singer) o CRBL.
A.C. Milan, a member of Sinisa Mihajlović, Silvio Berlusconi is l'agglomération degli A.K. Sampdoria. Alessio Romagnoli plays for AC Milan in Serie A.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 Luglio 1907. It is a member of the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland, United States. L'Istituzione devrait l'Ostáil national Park Service., L'Institiúval national Ajax Inaugurata il 11 juillet 1907, Stáit Unites, it has été istituite dal 13 luglio 1909
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., A.S. Roma's league is Serie A and Juventus F.C. are champions from Juventus FC. It has a full name of AS sportiv Rom S p.L.I.J.F.K. in Stadio Olimpico. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State, Nigeria. Il Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria).
Abner W. Sibal fought in the World War II and was a member of the United States Army.
C'est l'A.S. Livorno Calcio, whose manager is Christian Panucci, a member of Genoa C.F.C.
Caterpillar Inc. Adelaide is located in Illinois, United States, where Douglas R Oberhelman operated by AIDA Cruises. It has a contrôleur de l'Adaluna.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is a coden code of ASCQAG. It has an abbreviation to Admin. Sci. Q.
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia. Il-jiornalista Arem-arem, l-Indonésia c'est Jojo Widnikovo., Il-Idirenanie C'était Jaco Wiwyso, il-jercito de Idirjanu.
Aerfort International Antwerp, which is a member of Belge, in Belgie. L'arrivée de l'aeroporto international d'Anvers; Philippe Michel, c'est à partir de Bheilg.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was authored by Eric Flint, is a hardcover., 1635: Il Ram rebellion originates from Hardcover.
Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II was led.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staffs, a massimo de 16 000 studenti. L'université d'Aarhus is located in Danmhairg 1932.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It's west of Franklin County (Maryland) where they are contributing property.
Bacon sandwich, bacon sarnie, rasher Sandwich, Bacon sanie. Pae'n baco, bocon cob, bucon barm, bbacon muffin, is a base name of Bread. 
Anders Osborne a musician is Bhangra (music) and became guitarist. Anders Osborn s'occupy from rock music, Johnny Sansone. He fought as drumista e fusion genre de Rock music.
1101 Clematis, a periapsis is 445895000000.0., 11 Clamatis (b'e'l peripops) it has 44.5894000000.0.
Lipincott Williams & Wilkins is a parent company of Wolters Kluwer, whose leader is Elizabeth II and David Cameron. Il AIDS (journal) was published in the United Kingdom, which is led by Elisabetta II., L'AIDS journal has l'Olympiadelfie itself operated by Colwynt Williams/WIwlik.
The A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 membres.
L'American Journal of Mathematics is abbreviated to Am J. Math. It has an academic discipline in mathématiques and its SSN number is 1080-6377.
Alan Martin, a footballer was born on 1st January 1989. He plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. and has 185,42 cm de l'hauteur.
Aaron Turner, whose genre is Drone music, was associated with Twilight band and Greymachine. He performs drone music.
The Antares rocket, which was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, is a launch site of Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, has 3.9 metres and its final ship on September 18, 2013.
Akeem Ayers s'occupe of Linebacker., 
Akeem Ayers, a member of New England Patriots, was born on 10th July 1989. He debuted on the Tennessee Titans in 1989.
Adam Koc e's nationality of Poland. Adam Koc fought in the Polish-Soviet War, where Joseph Stalin is a commander.
Anders Osborne, a rock musician, is the record label Alligator Records. Er's genre of Rock music.
Abel Hernández e'n club degli U.S. Citta di Palermo, y fought in Peñarol.
Allan Shivers, a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur), was succeeded by Ben Ramsey.
The Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and it has a runway length of 2989.0. It has an elevation of 211 km above sea level in Metres.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois., Catagóir Inc.
Aleksandre Guruli, who played for FC Matsredia, is a member of FC Mittagre.
Ayam penyet is a member of Java where Baduy are an ethnic group in Singapore., The Ayamblancot, which originates from Singapour, comes from Malaysia, ma'r ethnically groups in Java.
The AIDAstella was christened on 16 March 2013, 2013.
Aaron S Daggett fought in Battle of Cold Harbor, where Robert E Lee was a commander.
The orbital period of 1097 Vicia, a periapsis is 279142000000.0. It has an epoch date of 31 December 2006. Its mass was 9.8 km/kg, and it had an orbitel period 135589000.0.
Bananaman's first aired on 3rd October 1983, by Bill Oddie. It was broadcasted by STV.
Anderson, Indiana is part of the Union Township, Madison County in Indiana, U.S.
Trane, which was founded on 1st December 1913, was fonded by La Crosse in Wisconsin.,  Trane (fondated on 13th January 1913).
Anders Osborne, a member of Rabadash Records, can be found in Rhythm and blues genres., The record label for the artist Anders Oborne comes from Rabraz Records.
William Anders e's backup pilot Apollo 11 is William Anders. 
Aleksandre Guruli s'est a member of FC Karpaty Lviv. Il club is Olympique Lyonnais, l'arrivée de Jean-Michel Aulas et j'y rassembler le football Olimpique Lionnais.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka. Its bed count is 476 litres.
Abilene, Texas is part of Texas.
Arem-arem e'r l-arm, y compris i Javanese cuisine. It is a variation of Lemper and its main ingredients are compresso rice cuisined in banana leaf with legumes or minced meat fillings. 
Joe Biden is a leader of the United States, where Joe Bidan is the leader. 
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, is a member of Apollo 14 and operated by NASA. He e'n feidhmchlár Apollo 14. It has l'arrivée depuis 1959.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, Azerbaïdjan. It was created by Hüseyin Bwyser and Hilmi Guner., Hiseyin Buguner et Hilmy Güler are designed by Türk tiyerli Aniti.
Elliot See, who was born on 23rd July 1927, Dallas, died in St Louis. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and his alma mater is Université Texas (Austin).
J. P. McManus, Adare Manor a bénéficier depuis 1862 and was achevé en 1861. James Pain is l'architecte J.P. MacManu.
300 North LaSalle is located in Illinois, Illinois. It has 60 floors.
Aaron Turner, a member of the House of Low Culture, performs black metal music fusion genre de Death metal. He is associated with Twilight (band) which plays Black metal and was affiliated with house of High Culture.
Il ALV X-1 originated from the United States, where White Americans are one of the ethnic groups., L'Alv X-1, originate dagli Stati Uniti, is a deonym as American.
Artur Rasizade, a bhfuil an t-Azerbaidjan is i bpríomhghníomhaireacht ar Azerbaïdjan. Is é l'Ungheria na Náisiún Aontais Eorpacha de chuid Ballstáit agus tá sé ina caipiteal sa Bhulgáir.
Aarhus is a leader of Jacob Bundsgaard., Mae's leaders of Aarhus (Jambi Bundgaard).
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is in Italy, where Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy. It is a language Italian.
 Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Il'université Cornelle was affiliated with the Association of American Universities and it has an t-Associazione degli Académies.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is in the United States, where Barack Obama is leader. Is l'États-Unis a bhfuil an groupe ethnique degli Afro Americans., Barack Obama comes from the U.S.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was published by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, has an ISBN number 978-1-4075-4253-7. It is a media type print.
The epoch date of (19255) 1994 VT8, whose orbital period is 878850000.0. It has an periapsis de 615591000000., (1925), 1994 VR8 was a fuga velocity de 0.0 925 km per second.
The Aston Martin V8, which was succeeded by Alman Martin Virage. It has a related mean of transport o L'Selon Martin RHAM/1., L'ASN Martin W8 is successor as Almann Martin Visrage.
Am J. Math. It has an academic discipline of mathématiques in the American Journal of Mathematics, whose first publication was 1878 and its SSN number is 1080-6377.
A-Rosa Luna, a ferramentar Neptun Werft, in Rostock, Germania. L'Allemagne is delimitate dagli Germans, ma Stanislaw Tillich, and l'Alban Derft.
Aaron Turner a feidhmchlár depuis 1995. He performed post-metal in 1995 and is associated with Lotus Eaters (band Twilight).
The A.F.C. Fylde, which has 3180] membres.
The epoch date of 1089 Tama is 26 November 2005, ed it has an orbital period de 12021.69 days and its apoapsis was 37313000.0 km., A919 HA; 1927WB; 1928), l'astronauta period d'fheicthe 0.0068 km/m per sec. Il opossum feidhmiúcháin 1091 Tama comes from the 27th December 2005. It had an eipobal period di 
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Sarawak, is a member of the Borneo British borneo. Adenan Satem fought in sarawak and had succeeded Adjan Satm.
Dodge Coronet, 1955 Dodge, which has 3 speed automatic transmission and it is operated by V8 Engine. It has an alternative name to the Dod Corone.
 Funk's music fusion genre is Afrobeat. 
Aturk Monument (Izmir) is located in Turchia, Ankara. Its capital is Ankara and its leader is Ahmet Davutoglu. L'inauguration date 27th 1932, it was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
Bill Oddie, who was born in Lancashire, is a member of Bananaman., Bananaman's starred by Bill Oddi, and became an manager of BinSpartak.
Trane s'installe in Swords, Dublin, Ireland.,  Trane is located in Sp Ads, Bailen, Irland.
Airey Neave, who was born in Knightsbridge, is a member of the Battle of France. It has been actively completed on March 30th 1979 and fought on Mars 4th 1974.
A Long Long Way has a ISBN number of 57392395, y compris 0-670-03380-4.
Aenir, l'universitéal Garth Nix, has a ISBN number 45644811 and is published in print.
Akeem Dent, who was born on 27th July 1987, is a member of the year 1987. 
The former name of 1001 Gaussia is 1923 OAA907XC. It has periapsis 419113394 55312 km/km.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is leader. 
Il ALV X-1 originated from the United States, where Washington D.C. is an ethnic group of White Americans.
The AZAL Arena is located in Shuvalan. It has a ground of the ASAZ PFK, which was found in shuvalans.
Alfred Garth Jones, a member of the Labour Party (UK), was born in Manchester, London. Il président de Manchester is l'Assemblée générale. He died i Sidcup agus became led by le Parlaimint na hEorpa.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad e's club of Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C., whose manager is Adnan Hamad, a football team in Iraq national football.
Audi A1 e's assembled at Audi Brussels., The Audi A 1 is assemblé in Audi Belgium.
Abilene, Texas a governed by Washington D.C. and is part of Texas in the U.S. L.I., y compris l'English language.
GMA New Media is a parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal., The Philippines Entertainment portal is parent Company of GMA Nu Media.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, who was born in Uruguay, is a leader of Tabaré Vázquez., Abragno Zitarroa comes from Uruguay.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, Malaysia. It has the main ingredients of Ayamdnikov which are squeezed or punched fried chicken served with sambal. 
Akita Museum of Art which is located in Akita, Awitta, Japan. It is situated in Ikita Territory., 
Rolando Maran, a member of the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. A.C. Chievo Verona, f'appartenant à Carrarese Calcio, b'il manager dei C.A.E.Chievo-Verona in Italy., Rongo Maran is l'ordonnay d'U.T. Tr.I.N.J.K.L.F.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds added to the National Register of Historic Places at Pacific Grove, California. It has a référence number 87000920.
Swords, Dublin is a member of the County Manager., The Swords and Dublin are led by the District Manager.
Abilene, Texas a città de Houston is part of Texas, Austin. Is l'immense city de Texas in the U.S. Abilène, whose capital is Austin.
Mexique's Mexico a demonym is Mexicans. 
Arròs negre is a part of the Valencian Community in Spain. Is l'ingredient de Cuttlefish.
L'enAIRE is l'eroport Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas in Alcobendas, Spain. L'entreprenariat ENAIRE n'est pas loin d'Aldassos, Andalusia.
Aaron Turner e's genre of Avant-garde metal.
The United States Air Force airways is operated by Al Asad and Lockheed AC-130. L'armée General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon, fought in 1986 bombardement of Libia.
FC Tom Tomsk played for the Russian Football National League. 
Bandeja paisa e'r l'Antioquia Department in Colombia. Bandeja paisa is a region of Antioquia.
Abel Caballero, a fought in Andalusia, Spain, operated by Minister of Transport., Mae'n Abel Cavalier, who was born in Galicia (Espagne) is ministre de Transport.
Aenir, preceded by Castle (novel) o Castle.
Adam Koc, a became in Congress Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War and was part of the Russian Civil War. L'armée is Joseph Stalin.
Lum e's order of Rosids. 
DeSoto Custom a desoto is l'automobile de Soto, y compris le Chrysler Newport. L'auto manufaturturier DeSuoto (macchina de), c'est-ceulement de 1955 Dodge quelqu'un commençant de sequestration de Sicuro.
John Cowper Powys, who was notable to work for Wolf Solent.
The A.F.C. Fylde is a ground in thefyllde. 
Deram Records is located in London., The Deram Record is situated i London.
The Administrative Science Quarterly has 57059226.
Aleksandre Guruli, who played for FC Karpaty Lviv, is a member of AS Lyon-Duchère.
Julius Springer, who was founder in Acta Mathematica Hungarica. It is published by the Public Académie Science+Business Media., L'Accademia dei Scienze Sciences & Business Media operated by Julius Shuttle.
Audi A1 a's body style in Audi Brussels, it has 1.2 litres. It has 1.5 speed manual and is operated by Audi A1.
The runway length of Athens International Airport is 3800.0., L'aerfort international Athens operated by Athens, which has a longueur de 3900.0.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Abraham Taïb Mahmad, became feidhme da parte de Parti pesaka bumiSpartak Bolfsburg, yang belongs à Miri (Malaisie).
103 Hera, a periapsis is 371240000.0 km/km. It has an epoch date of 27th July 2011.
Mae Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Kota Samwys, Sarawak, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Abraham Taïb Mahmoud fought in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching (Sarawak).
The Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located in Auckland., Aerfort Armore, New Zealand's currency is Nualainn.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County in Indiana, where African Americans are an ethnic group. Is a member of the U.S. A.K.A.N.L.I.R.B.P.D.
Andrew White, a member of the Kaiser Chiefs. Andrew White's musician is associated with Marry Banilow and b-Unique Records. He fought in 2003.
Asa Gigante, Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is a champion in Vila Nova Ftiye Clube., Saràquião Sindrome Adgregata Asasa Gérarde's champions de Campeonato Brasileiro Série C i Brasil f'en Brésil.
Stuart Parker, a footballer in Runcorn F.C. Halton, is manager of A.F. C. Blackpool, who plays for Drogheda United FC.
L'aerfort régional degli Alcan, Michigan is 210 km/h. L'aeroporto residenziale d'Alpena in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County (Michigan), l'asfalto luas 1533.0, il y compris 210 m2.
Rhythm and blues, Albennie Jones, a solo singer, is derived from Disco.
Andrews County Airport serves Andrews, Texas., Anderson County airport is located in Andrew's Town.
The length of the US submarine NR-1 is 45000.0 millimetres, and it was launched on 25th January 1969. Its top speed is 8.334 km. It has 3.8 m long.
L'Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. It has a runway length of 4000.0.
Akeem Ayers, a former team of St. Louis Rams, is l'istituto degli Tennessee Titans.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County in Indiana, United States. Il's capital is Indianapolis., Adirn Anderson, Illinois (part of Lafaayette township), New York County, Indy, Stáit Aontaithe.
Abel Caballero, a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, was born in Ponteareas, Spain., Mae Abel Carallero is l'ex ministre de Transport and operated by Minister of Transport.
Abel Hernández, a member of the U.S. Citta di Palermo, plays for Peñarol.
Alan Bean, a gcomhpháirthóir Apollo 12 is Alfred Worden. He e'n commandant Apollo 12, l'Apollo 12 was operated by NASA and David Scott. It has 100305.0 minutes in space.
Andra, a genre de pop music, f'apparaît in 2000.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
L/21R, l'aeroporto Ardmore (New Zealand) a length of 14115. Il y compris le 3rd runway type de poaceae. It has an elevation of 34.0 km above sea level.
Buzz Aldrin, a fought in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, Illinois. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
(410777) 2009 FD a periapsis is 88234300.0 and has an orbital period of 39447000.0. It was discovered by Spacewatch. 
Alfons Gorbach, a fought in Tyrol (state), was born in Austria. 
Albany, Georgia a leader is Mayor.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaïdjan., Azerbaidjan's leader is Arthur Raswys.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County in Indiana, where the capital city is Washington D.C. and Covington (In Indiana).
RCA Records which has a distribution company of Legacy Recordings.
Alan Shepard, who was born on 18 October 1923, New Hampshire, is a member of Apollo 14 and died in California. L'Apollo 14 operated by NASA, l'Apoul 14., L'Alban Hepard fought on 31 Novembre 1923 et became en California.
103 Colmore Row which is located in Colmor Row.
Mae Bakso is a ingredient in vermicelli. 
Auburn, Washington y compris part of Pierce County in Washington, Stáit Uniti. L'area totale de 7741 square kilometres is 77,41 sq km.
N. R. Pogson, Nottingham, was discovered on 1st March 2001, 107 Camilla.
11264 Claudiomaccone a periapsis is 296521000.0 km/km., Il 26th novembre 2005, 12nd octobre 2005. It has an epoch date of 31st Novembre 2005.
Alex Tyus, who was born on 8th January 1988, plays for Pallacanestro Cantù., Alympic Tyu's club is Pallaconestro cantù.
Antonis Samaras, a vice-Ministre Konstantinos Mitsotakis, was in office pendant quelqu'un d'Adonis Georgiadis.,  Antonis Samares, whose Vice-Premier Ministre Nikolas mitsSpartakis.
The dessert is a variation of Ice cream. 
11/29 is the runway name of Andrews County Airport., Andrews Town Airport has 11/29 it's long-way name: 11.29.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont. He a member of Whig Party (United States) where Daniel Webster is the leader.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon where the largest city is Portland.
The Akron Summit Assault is operated by Denzil Antonio. It has 3000 member and its full name is Akron Metro Soccer Club Alifat Altivat.
Ajoblanco is a country in Spain where Felipe VI is the leader. Ajoblanco originates from Andalusia, y compris la currency euro.
Bananaman's first aired on 3rd October 1983., Mae Bananaman, whose first voyage was on 10th octobre 1983.
F. Vilas scoperta 107 Camilla.
Lancia Spartak 164 is related to the Alfa Romeo 164.
Poaceae, a division of Poales (New Zealand) has an 3rd runway surface type de poaceae. L'Ordonnant tal-Aerfort Ardmore Airport (Nouvelle-Zélande) is l'agglomération ta's floing plant.
 Austin, Texas e's part of Texas in the U.S. A.K.A.
Aaron Turner originates from Boston.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II and the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
In the United Kingdom, British people are demonyms., 
L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, which was built by Helsinki, is operated by Finland. It has 21.2 metres long in service.
Agusín Barboza, a part of Gran Asunción, gran Asuncion, Juan Afara. Il Paraguay is l'intermédiaire d'Agustin Bernada.
Bill Everett ha vinto Eisner Award.
11 Diagonal Street is located in Cape Town, South Africa, where Cyril Ramaphosa and Asian South Africans are an ethnic group.
The Battle of Fredericksburg is part of the American Civil War. 
L'epochta 107 Camilla, f. Vilas, ed it has an orbital period of 2368.05 days, and its apoapsis is 560937000.0 km.
Mae Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice-Président, Oladipo Diya., Me Akhtiye Muhammad Abhigbe is successor d'Atikabbu Atika Bakbak.
Abilene, Texas a part of Jones County in Texas. L'aeroporto régional degli Abilenes is situated within Austin, Stáit Uniti. Le runway length is 2194.0.
Adirham Hall, which was located in Sri Lanka, is operated by Tudor Revival architecture. L'architectural style of Adisham Hall devrait être atteint en 1927., The Adjum Hall d'Addyam Hall (appartenant l'Inghilterra), it was inaugurated in 1931.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Tom Tomsk, which is a member of the Russian Football National League.
Aleksandr Prudnikov e'n football club FC Amkar Perm, a member of Rashid Rakhimov. Is l'agglomération de Football Terek Grozny, who plays for FC Spartak Moscow.
(66063) 1998 RO1 epoch was on 4 July 2013.
Meyer Werft was a constructeur of AIDAstella. 
Buzz Aldrin, who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, is a member of Apollo 11.
Bhajji e'n bhajji, in India, a bhfuil Sumitra Mahajan and Vajubhai Vala.
William Anders, a member of the United States, was born on 17th October 1933 in Hong Kong. AFIT, M.S. 1962. William Anders f'était retiré le 1st octobre 1969. He became employed as well as an fighter pilot., John Anders F'appartenant à l'AFIT-M.
L'aeroporto Alderney, a 1st runway surface type de poaceae. It has an length of 877.0 metres long.
Hypermarcas, which is operated by Mantecorp in São Paulo, has 10252 employs. L'income net degli Hypermarcais f'apparecchiature; l'immissione totale d'hydrocarbures c'est 11252 occupants.
The escape velocity is 0.0112 km per seconds, it has an apoapsis of 530092000.0 km., L'espèce de Lug Vicia ha a temperature of 171.0 Kelvins, f'aspsis di 477090000,0 km.
Andrew Rayel e's musician Christian Burns, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano. Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi.
The A.C. Lumezzane is a season of 2014-15 Lega Pro., L'A.E. Lusseden fought in mid 2015-15 Liga Pro.
Bhajji, i bhajji in India, is a country of India. T. S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are an t-seirbhia's leader.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, which died in Montevideo, is l'Uruguayan. Daniel Martínez (politician).
A-Rosa Luna, a costruir Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germania. He is led by Andreas Voßkuhle and operated by A Rosa Luna.
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238] Membres.
The Acura TLX, which is a member of the Honda K Engine, was assembled by Marysville Auto Plant. It has l'apparecchiature feidhme degli auto-veicoli., L'attrezzature c'Acura TeLX comes from marysville Autom Plant, and its layout is front-feirme.
Frank G Jackson is a leader of Cleveland, where 200 Public Square was located., Figlion Frank G J Jackson in the U.S. A.I.A.
Anaheim, California is a leader of the U.S. House of Representatives in the United States, where Anaheim ( California) is part of New York Congress.
Abel Caballero e'n in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain is monarch.
Lor Lars Løkke Rasmussen is a member of the School of Business and Social Sciences at an Aarhus University, which was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff. Is l'Association europea per université tal-Aarhus.
The Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka., Ampara hôpital is operated by Sri Lanca.
Agra Airport is located in Agra., The Agra Airport has a property of Agra.
GMA New Media, which is located in Quezon City, Philippines. Is l'industria dei mass media, quezon city.
 Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States., Harrietstown (New York) is a parti degli Stati Uniti.
Albany, Georgia e'n part of Dougherty County in Georgia. Albany is a member of the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Alan Martin, a footballer clyde f.C. is l'agglomération de Clyde FC. Is o Fir Park and Barry Ferguson was manager.
Alan Shepard, a New Hampshire, operated by NASA. He graduated from Apollo 14 and fought in orbiter Apollo 14.
Alfredo Zitarrosa e's genre of Zamba, l'artform RCA Records. It is a solo singer.
Duncan Rouleau, a nationalità degli Americans, produced Baymax (film Big Hero 6) ed is Jamie Chung.
Richard A. Teague, a manager of General Motors, is l'employeur de Général Motors.
Mae Addis Ababa, l'Etiopia, is part of New York Olimpiadi. L'Éthiopie became leader d'Abeba, mae Mulatu Teshome.
Andrew Rayel, a member of Jwaydan Moyine, performs House music. Christian Burns's genre is house music.
GMA New Media, l'industrie dei mass media, produce applications mobile.
Ase Wilder was born on 23 July 1982.
The Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was fought in Invasion of Grenada., L'Asad airbase (l'Operating organisation for the U.S. R.R.F.), became feidhmiú per la Fujération de Grenade.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Poblacht na Repubblica d'Irlande. Críona Ní Dhálaigh is part of the Republic of Ireland.
Buzz Aldrin a bénéficier d'un pilote battaglione, l'occupant degli Combattants., Ma bébé Buzz Aldin s'est retiré.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is a member of the United States where Barack Obama is leader. It is an ethnic group of Native Americans in the U.S. and it is part of Albuquerques City Council.
 Dale Tallon is a general manager of Florida Panthers. 
A-Rosa Luna, a bunaíodh Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germania. It is l'université de Joachim Gauck, f'Allemagne where A Rosa Luna was constructed. 
L'Aerfort International Airport Atlantic City is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has 23 km above sea level and it has an elevation of 23.7 km/h.
Albany, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S.), where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Elliot See, who was born in Dallas on 27 July 1927, and died in St Louis on 28 February 1966. He defeadh San Louis an 23rd January 1927.
The periapsis of 1101 Clematis is 445895000000.0.
The Akron Summit Assault is a member of 3000 membres, y compris le Premier Development League. Is champions de K-W United FC.
Mae batchoy, i Filippine, is a peuple Igorot. Ilocano are l'ethnic group in the Philippines, mae fils arabe. Mae f'or-il-ol-sol-olo-cal-fil-del-pal-en-al-bal-ball-part-par-la-span-pay-ar-ils-oil-oli-pi-li-mili-ali-ni-
In India, Bhajji is a leader in T. S Thakur and Narendra Modi.
The Republic of Ireland's language is English.
ACF Fiorentina is a football club in Serie A, Italy. 
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the headquarters of Four World Trade Center.
Allen Forrest, who was born on 4th July 1981, is a derivative of Drum and bass. Il's genre hip hop originated from Disco, f'un funk-pop originates from Funk.
Aaron Hunt e'n club de VfL Wolfsburg, SV Werder Bremen II and Goslarer SC 8.
In 1931, Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka. It has architectural style of Tudor and Jacabin.
 Abradab is a member of the band Magik (rapper).
Aerfort Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Stáit Uniti. Tá Texan comes from the United States.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road - Bangalore – 560090., L'Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India, y has 700 postgraduate students and was a student at 600 campus.
Mae'r AIDAstella, a n-propriétaire de Costa Crociere, is 253260.0 millimetres. L'imprenditore ha l'Italia Cruises, f'or Meyer Werft, it was operated by Costa crociere.
Hypermarcas a type of S.A. (corporation) is the key person in Hypermarca, which has an CEO and its CEO.
Airey Neave, a member of the World War II was born in Knightsbridge and fought on 30 Meitheamh 1953. He became actively on 31 March 1979. , Airey Nave began his debut on 28 December 1953.
Poaceae, l'ordu Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has an 2nd runway surface type de poaceae., Mae Poaceae is the order of Poales.
Gos Poyet e's club of AEK Athens F.C..
Tarō Asō is a leader in Japan., Mae Tarō asō was the leader of Japan.
Anders Osborne, a member of the musical artist Theresa Andersson, was associated with Billy Iuso., Agnes Asborne is affiliated with all musician theresas Adasson. It's associate with Ally-Iuso band and it plays for Theressa Alsson.
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia. 
Airey Neave, who fought in the World War II, was actively completed on June 30th 1953.
Rock's stylistic origins of jazz is blues. 
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a fought in New Britain,Connecticut, and was an ethnic group of Native Americans degli Stati Uniti. Is l'université d'Emilie U.S.
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 Kelvins. 
Arlington, Texas is a 184.0 elevation above sea level. 
Albennie Jones e's genre of jazz, it is originated from blues. 
Binignit e's main ingredient in Binignit is sweet potato and Sago.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., L'Albatros Versu the Illucinatorians originates from the U.S.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has an area total of 74.33 square kilometres. La densità de population is 1580.7 inhabitants per sq km. It's surface total at 74.25 square0000.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in 2014 and it is a season of 2014.
Austin, Texas is part of Williamson County in Texas, where the largest city is Houston. It is a Spanish language., Mae'r Austin, Dallas (part of Williamson County and Georgetown), it is più loin d'Houston.
Adam Maher e'n football team in the Netherlands national under 17 football club., Am Mahers, whose club is PSV Eindhoven, was a member of the Holland national Under 17 Football team.
Alberto Teisaire, a nationalità Argentina, is an Argentine.
Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom, Aston Martin V8 has 5.3 litres de carburant. 
Ahmad Kadhim Assad e's club of Steel Azin F.C. and Al-Naft.
Ram Naik, l'Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh. L'Agra Airport n'appartenant a Kheria Air Force Station.
Mae's dessert is Baked Alaska, it has a variation of Cookie.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase, which was operated by the US Air force and is invasion of Grenada. The Operation Enduring Freedom for the U.S.
Adam Maher, who was born in Ait Ikkou, Maroc, is a member of the Awjiku.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. Sumitra Mahajan is led by Narendra Modi.
Bhajji e'r an ingredient gram flour. It is similar to Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flouri. 
Alan Shepard, who died in California, e's place of morte. 
(66391) 1999 KW4 a rotation period is 9953.28.
Ahmet Ertegun, a member of the United States, was born on 1923 in Washington D.C., and it has an background de personnel non performing.
The ALCO RS-3 is 17068.8 millimetres, which was constructed by American Locomotive Company. It has a V12 engine and it can be found in May 1950 - August 1956.
Bananaman e's radiodiffused by BBC. Bananaman starred by Graeme Garden. 
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, is a member of the test pilot and died in California. He graduated from New-Hampshire.
Lipincott Williams & Wilkins is a leader of the United Kingdom, whose capital is London. L'indirizzo degli AIDS (journal) was published by Lippencott William & Webbins, Elizabeth II.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica is a student discipline of mathématiques., L'Accademia Matamaitica Humicica has l'accademia de matematica.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is a member of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, Brazil. Vila Nova Folfsburg Clube are champions.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association., L'Accademia d'affari e social Sciences, a headquarters in Brussels, f'appartenant à l'Aarhus Université.
Binignit e'n binignit in Visayas., Mae Binignit is a member of Visayeas.
103 Hera e's apoapsis of 437170000.0 km/km. It has an escape velocity of 0.0482kilometres per second, a temperature of 170.0kelvins, and it has feidhm ar 437160000.0 kilograms., 3 Era is l'espèce de 130.0 litres per sec, hauteur d'aspisa di 437180000.0 kg/m.
Aleksandr Chumakov, who died in Russia, is a member of the leader Sergey Naryshkin.
Agnes Kant, a member of the Socialist Party (Pays-Bas) is l'envergure degli Agnes Kant. Il y avait Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer.
Joden, Godenblanco is a member of the AFC Ajax (amateurs) which has l'appello Joden.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr. was born in Finland, Finland.
101 Udnikov Way, Alan B Miller Hall, which was founded on 30 March 2007, is located in 101 Uolfsburg Way., 31 Ublanco Way and Alan b Miller hall has a building site on 31 March 2007.
Bionico e's dessert of bionico, which is a variation of Honey., Binico comes from Bionico and it can be varied as Honey.
Ab Klink, a member of the House of Representatives, was born in Stellendam, Awst. Adieu Appeal Chrétien Christian Democratic Allocation., AbraKlink's alma mater de Leiden University is l'Université Delinquenti Chrien.
Allan Shivers e'r a militaire branch in the United States Army. 
Albany, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S.), where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Georgia, in the U.S. Stáit Aontaithe. Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Mexique is a Spanish language. 
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, a dean is Mario Botta. It has 100 staffs acadatifs.
Alberto Teisaire, a nationalità de Buenos Aires, governed by Horacio Rodríguez Larreta, is l'Argentine. He fought in the Legislature citta' di Luigi Aurire, il gcomhréir le Gouvernement Communautaire de Buis Aires. Il repubblican bénéficie d'Urmazio RodríguezLarreta.
Albennie Jones, a member of the United States, was born in 1914 and is solo singer.
A.T. Charlie Johnson, who graduated from the American Institute of Physics, was published in the US and is foilsed by A.
Bhajji, a bhajji in India, is an ingredient of gram flour and legumes. Bhajji's main ingredients are gram farine, glase et bajji. L'abbreviated name Bajji (Bajji).
The net income of Chinabank is 15100000000.
The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works, which has 12 km above sea level., L'Aviation International Brussels (IATA), l'Operating Organization for the Flemish Division of Mobilità and Travaux publics, was located in 12.6 km/h.
The 1 FC Magdeburg is a member of the 2014 season. 
Adam Koc a fought in the World War I and was won Virtuti Militari.
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 membres.
Abner W. Sibal, l'armée degli Stati Uniti, fought in the American Revolutionary War.
Aaron Bertram, a member of the Suburban Legends band Brian Robertson (trombonist), is associated with Ska punk and Kids Imagine Nation. Il's genre is Ska Punk rock.
Aenir e's author of Garth Nix. It has a ISBN number 0-439-17684-0.
The Ashgabat International Airport which is located within the Sidjag. It has a runway length of 3800.0, it has an elevation above sea level in Metres 211.
Gos Poyet, a football club is Chelsea F.C. He played for the Superleague Greece and plays for Olympiacos FC. Is l'encadrement of Ajax Athens FC.
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States. It has an ethnic group of Asian Americans., The Akron (Ohio) is parte degli Stati Uniti.
Alan Bean, a bhí in Wheeler, Texas, operated by NASA, Apollo 12 and David Scott. He was retired. Alan Bean's mission is Apollo 12, whose nationality of the U.S. A.P.A.C.
Tom Lyle, created Blockbuster (comics Caracter) Roger Stern. It is creator de Tom Lyl. 
1/19 is a runway name of 1/19.
Ahmet Ertegun, a member of Washington D.C., was originated in the United States and is devenue blues.
10 Hygiea epoch date 27th July 2015, it has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 km. It is located at 837080.744 square Quadramètres, a temperature of 164.0 Kelvins.,  10 Hygia épided at the escape velocity of 0.21 km per sec on 27 h June 2015. It has its surface area of 8470.744 sqkilometres and f'asprasis de 523941582
Albuquerque, New Mexico, is a country of the United States where Americans are anonym.
The ALCO RS-3 is 17068.8 millimetres, a cylindre de 12 km/h. L'abbrication d'Autriche Locomotive Company in May 1950 - August 1956. Il diametro de 12.
James Craig Watson, who was discovered by 103 Hera in Canada, is founder James Craig. It originates from Canada. 
Alkmaar Zaanwys, AZ Alkmaar is a member of 17023.
The mass of 1099 Figneria is 2.7 kg., 
Mdonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is a member of the United States Air Force which fought in Korean War. Al Asad airbase was operated by Lockheed AC-130, i Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and McDonnell Doug F 15 Eagle.
The ALV X-1 is manufactured by the Assembly Techsystems.
The journal AIDS (journal) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and Elizabeth II., Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom, David Cameron.
 Dublin is a country of the Republic of Ireland., Bailen in Dublin, Poblacht na hIrlande.
A Severed Wasp is a country in the United States, where Barack Obama is leader. Is l'ethnic group of African Americans.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for technical Education, where Mumbai is an member of the International Tennis Federation.
Mae'r AIDAstella, l'operator dei Cruises is 253260.0 millimetres in service. L'avanguardie n'est guabadle Meyer Werft.
Alison O'Donnell, a member of the band Plastik Mak, is associated with Plastic Mak. Alison Donnell was associate with plastic Mak and Head South By Weaving.
Il-duPage County, Illinois, l-Istati Uniti is a leader de Chicago. Susana Mendoza e's leader of Chicago in the U.S.
Il Memorial Turkish Martyrs, Baku which was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Baku, is designed by Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Guner., Inaugurated from Baku Turirs turriferi Azerbaïdjan where Huseyin Buininer agus Hilmy Güner are dedicato to The Ottoman Arm Force Assassini.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 March 1987 and it has an architectural style of arts and Crafts moviment., Il Mar Conference ground are affiliated with the United States Office of Arts and Choisirs operated on 23 March 1993 and its ecological style f'arts and artigianal.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinîu, Moldova.
Alan Shepard, who was a member of the senate Dianne Feinstein, died in California il 21th July 1998., An segrethóir degli Stati Uniti di California, Dyen feinstein and dyed an 21 בינואר 1998.
Bananaman, a's first aired on 3rd octobre 1983, Steve Bright, was created by Tim Brooke-Taylor. It is published by the TVV., Sidney Bananaman comes in feidhme en Fjanja1983, 1983.
 107 Camilla e's discoverer N.R. Pogson., 107 CamillA, who was discovered by N.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090. L'Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and operated by Dr G. P. Prabblancor., L'Accademia de Technologie is affiliated with Dr J.G.P.
A Severed Wasp, which has 374-26131-8 and has 388 pages. It has 38 pages.
Elliot See, who was born in Dallas on 23 July 1927, has an affiliation with the University of Texas at Austin. He graduated from St Louis and died in St-Louis.
Swords, Dublin is part of Dublin (constituency European Parliament).
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is associated with RCA Records and Ciro Pérez. Is l'eyctor Numa Moraes whose genre is Zamba (artform).
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County in Oregon, where the capital is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group degli Stati Uniti. Is a member of the U.S.
L'epoch of 107 Camilla, which was discovered by N. R. Pogson, is 31 December 2006.
Bionico e'n bionico in Mexico, it is a dessert. Bionico comes from Mexico and its ingredient is sour cream. 
L'aeroporto Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas è situato in Madrid, Spain. L'arrivée de Madrid is 610.0 km/h, l'assiglia d'Adolfo SuarezMadrid–Barrajas (il y compris la Comunità di Madrid), c'est le sea level 6000.0.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and it has a catégorie of contributing property.
Albany, Oregon y is part of Oregon, where the capital city is Salem. Is a member of the U.S. African Americans are an ethnic group.
Alessio Romagnoli e'n club f'U.C. Sampdoria in Italy, where Silvio Berlusconi is a member of Siniš Mihajlović. Is l'agglomération degli Stati Uniti sub-17.
Arròs negre is in Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader of Spain. Is l'euro degli espagnoliards. Il y compris an euro devrait être airgeadra.
John van den Brom played for AZ Alkmaar. 
Akeem Adams, a member of the United Petrotrin F.C. in Palo Seco, whose manager is Thomas Doll, footballer Ferencvarosi TC and Gábor Kubatov.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a fought in the U.S.U., was born in Stáit Uniti.
Allan Shivers a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 Port Arthur, United States. He was succeeded by Price Daniel and is membre du senate Texas de district 4 (Port Arthur).
Alan Shepard, who was born on 18 October 1923, New Hampshire. He retired on 1st August 1974, and his Alma mater is NWC, M.A. 1957.
The epoch of 1101 Clematis is 31 December 2006, and it has an orbital period 183309000.0. Its apoapsis is 520906000.0 km.
Mae AmeriGas s'occupa de l'industrie énergétique, y compris in the U.S.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Illinois. Il comhlacht de Opelika, Al-Alabama in the U.S. A's ethnic group and Native Americans originates dagli Stati Uniti.
Chicago, where 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago (United States).
The Apollo 12 is a commander of NASA, David Scott. L'Apollo 12 was operated by NASA in the U.S. A.K.A., l'avversario degli Apollo 12., L'Administrateur (David Scott) s'efforcer Apollo 12, j'était feidhmiú da NASA.
Akeem Adams played for the United Petrotrin F.C. in Palo Seco, Trinidad-et Tobago national under-20 football team. 
Julia Morgan, a member of the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and Asilomar State Beach. Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco (San Francisco) ed is l'architecte d'Asiomar Conference Grounds., Jura Morgan ha bénéficié dei los Angeles herald examiner all'Atlanta St.
The American Journal of Mathematics has an abbreviation of Am. J. Math. Its academic disciplines are mathématiques and its rn number is 1080-6377.
 Agnes Kant, who was born in Hessisch Oldendorf, is a member of Radboud University Nijmegen., Agnes Kant's Alma mater f'Université Radabîd Nijmeg, operated by House of Representatives (Pays-Bas).
The Audi A1, which is a type of supermini, was assembled in Brussels, Belgio. It has 1.2 litres and it has an coupe-automatique, f'apparecchiature de Front-engine, front- wheel-drive.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia., A Atlanta s'occupe de Fultone County in Georgia (U.S.), y comprise the state of Georgia.
Bew kway teow, i Singapore is a leader in Singapore e Halimah Yacob. Ta's pauvret de Singapour ed Indonesia, ta'r Tony Tan, c'est l'agglomération d'Indonésia.
Aleksandrey Chirikov, l'icebreaker is built in Helsinki, Finland. Il ghabhlann f'Ifinland, Sauli Niinilä, ta' guida degli uruguayiens.
Andrew Rayel, Jonathan Mendelsohn, was a member of the band Mark Sixma., Mae'r Andrew Rayl, whose band is associated with Mark sixma.
Jerry Ordway, a nationalità degli Americans, was created by Bibbo Bibbowski., Jenordway is l'Amérique duine d'Americans.
Buzz Aldrin, a member of Apollo 11 is Edwin E Ldrin Jr. He fought in Apollo 11. Its Alma mater was Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Aenir is followed by Castle Novel., The character Castle (novel) was followd by Aenur.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was authored by Virginia DeMarce, is 512 pages. It has an ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0., 1635: Il Ram rebellion operated from Ebook, it has 512 pagines.
Mae batchoy is a food found in the Philippines. 
John Roberts is the leader of the United States where Bacon Explosion was operated by John Roberts.
Azerbaidjan Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) was constructed in Finland, where Sauli Niinilä is the leader.
Audi A1, which is manufactured by Audi, was a subsidiary of Ducati.
Georgia (U.S.) n'est pas in the United States.
A Glastonbury Romance, which has an ISBN number of 76798317, is 0-7156-3648-0. It's media type of Hardcover and it has a hardcover book., The ISBN Number of 7698317. It has the ISBN Numéro de 0-676-13-67-6.
Alvah Sabin, a member of the Whig Party (United States) is part of Burlington, Vermont. He died in Sycamore, Illinois.
L'aeroporto Alderney serves l'Albany.
Aaron S. Daggett e'n became in Maine, ma'r fought in Battle of Fredericksburg. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Danmhairgis., L'École d'affari agus de la Scienze Sociales at L'Université Adarhus (Denmark).
Antioch, California a's elevation above sea level is 13.0.
Alvah Sabin, who was a member of the Whig Party (U.S.), died in Sycamore, Illinois, is part of Vermont, where Henry Clay comes leader. 
Arlington, Texas y is part of Tarrant County in Texas, United States, where the largest city is Houston.
Alberto Teisaire, a member of Mendoza, Argentina, was succeeded by Isaac Rojas. He fought as Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy.
Alba Iulia e'r din Romania in Romania. 
Atlantic County, New Jersey is a country in the United States.
Ayam penyet e's main ingredients of Ayamdnikov, y compris Java. It is a pezzied or squeezed fried chicken served with sambal. 
Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens, a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District.
Andrew White, a member of the Kaiser Chiefs, is associated with Marry Banilow. Andrew White's musician was born in 2003 and fought in 2003.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is in the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups., In Great Britain, Iarthar na Stáit a bhfuil an t-ethnic group ethnique degli Stati Uniti.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians, followed by Alcatraz Versu the Scrivener's Bones., Letraz versus les evil Librariens, it followd by Lt Bazey.
The A-Rosa Luna e's christening date of April 4th 2005, it has 125800.0 millimetres long. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Danmhairg 1928. It was affiliated with an European University Association, which has 737 academic staff.
Attica, Indiana a total area of 4.14 sq km. It is part of the Logan Township, Fountain County in Indiana, Stáit Uniti. La densità demografica de 783.1 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
Anders Osborne, a member of the band rock music, is Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. He can be found in Rock music with Voice of Wetlands All-Stars.
Gangsta rap is a subgenre of hip hop music. 
Bandeja paisa e's food from the Antioquia Department. Bandeja paisa is a Colombian cuisine, where Kidney bean is an ingredient.
Massimo Drago e's club of S.S. Chieti Calcio, A.C. Cesena f'un manager de la FC Cesene.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, i Grèce, is part of Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis. It is the language Greek.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a member of the Nigerian Army, was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Abdul's Alam Albicor fought militairement during an esercit nigérian., Abraham Alקובי Fought Magasin Nigériain which is vice-president Michael Akhtiye.
The ISBN number of A Glastonbury Romance is 0-7156-3648-0.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka is located in the Arabian Sea. It's west is east of an Arabien Sea.
Abel Caballero, a bhí in feidhme ag an gCoiste Shóisialta na Spáinne, is membro de Chomhairle na nDeannais., Mae Abel Cabblanco, who was born in Fhionlainne, Spain, has office as membre du Congrès na Ndtáit.
Amarillo, Texas e's part of Potter County in Texas, United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
Hypermarcas, a type de S.A. (corporation), is l'industrie pharmaceutique, f'appartenant d'intermédiaires drugs et b'en Brésil. L'industria farmaceutica c'est le biopharmaceuretici. Il y compris la base de subventionnement in 2001.
Julia Morgan, a member of the Asilomar Conference Grounds is l'architecte Julia Morgan. L'Accademia dei Los Angeles Herald-Examiner, was journée d'Hearst Castle in California.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the World War II.
Mae's language is Kashubian, Poland.
Alvis Speed 25 is a constructeur of Alvis Car and Engineering Company, where Coventry was succeeded by Rover Company. 
Edmund J. Davis, who died in Austin, Texas, e's place of decesso.
Il Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvanie, Pennsylvania. It's west of Cumberland County (Maryland) a Gettysburg and it has the northeast of Carroll County en Pennsylvania.
Ram Naik, Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh. L'université tal-Agra Airport a identifier l'indirizzo VIAG (VIAG).
Batagor is a peanut sauce in Indonesia. Batagor comes from Indonesia and siomay, y compris saromay. It's main ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in ketchup.
Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County, Georgia., L'Antarta is l'astar city of Fultin County Atlanta.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, where Aigbeben Patel is the leader. Is a led by Atiyeben Padtel., Aadawaben patel are leaders of Ahmedabad and Amdnikov ni Guffa.
Mae'r sauce Arrabbiata s'y compris in Rome, Italy. It is a base of ingredientes arrabbiate which include hot potatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil. Is l'ingredient dei pomodori or sarrabbita o Roma. 
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr., who was born in Tampere, Finland, on 9th July 1995, is a member of the birth date of 1994., Mae'r Alekser barkov J.J.
A.C. Chievo Verona, in Serie A, is a football club Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi., 
Alfred Garth Jones, a led by Boris Johnson, died o Sidcup., Boris Johnson is the leader of London in Londra, whose headquarters are Alexander Gart Jones.
Arrrabbiata sauce is a food ingredient in chili peper. It is from Rome, Italy.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna, Nigeria. Il Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria).
Adam Holloway, who was born in Kent, Kent. He employadh sa bhliain 2005-05-05, is a member of the Parlaimint for Gravesham. Aveva ag obair feidhmiú maidir le Grenadier Guards., Abraham Adams's Alma mater de Magdane College Cambridge, Massachusetts, ha operaté sa Bhrasam Générale (Magdalene College).
AMC Matador a's manufactured by American Motors, which has an fate of Eagle (automobile) and its destino is Eagle.
Mae Agustin Barboza, a bhí in Asuncion, Juan Afara, is l'espèce de Paraguay. L'enfance d'Azerbaidjan (y compris la lingua spagnola).
Alex Day e's genre is Synthpop, which originated from new wave music.
Acura TLX a transmission is 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6). 
 Agnes Kant gère le House of Representatives (Pays-Bas).
The escape velocity of 1099 Figneria, a temperature of 156.0 Kelvins, is 0.0155 km per sec. It has an apoapsis de 603618000.0 km/s.
Lockheed C-130 Hercules, l'United States Air Force was operated by Al Asad airbase. L'Invasion of Grenada and Lockheed AC-130 is fought in the war Korean War.
Mark Rutte, Agnes Kant s'occupe de la House of Representatives (Pays-Bas).
Aaron Bertram e's active year in 1998. 
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
Aaron S. Daggett, who was born in Maine, became a member of the Battle of Wilderness and died in West Roxbury, ma'r Purple Heart.
Al Anderson, a band NRBQ, is associated with the Wildweeds. Al Anderson (NRBQ) was actively started in 1966. 
Anaheim, California e's part of Orange County, Californie, United States.,  Anaheim is parti ofOrange County in California, U.S.A. and Greater Los Angeles area.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is a season of 2014-15 A EPSTH, Grecia., 
Alan Shepard, a New Hampshire, was born on 18th October 1923 in California. He s'occupyd by NWC, M.A. 1957.
The Acura TLX which is manufactured by Honda J Engine., L'Acura TCLX, a modèle d'fheithic Honda, is manufatturier Honda.
Aenir e'r preceded by Castle (novel) in Battle, followed by The Violet Keystone., The violet keystone is a fought from Castle and it was preceding by the Castle.
Dan Mishkin e'n comic character Bolt, which was created by Ernie Colon. It has an alternative name Larry Bolatinsky. 
Dan Mishkin e's comic character Bolt, which was created by Ernie Colon and Puerto Ricans., Anderni Colón is a nationality of Irnie Colon; Larry Bolatinsky.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, which is operated by ENAIRE, has a runway name 14L/32R. L'arrivée d'Adirj Adolfo SuarezMadrid–Barrajas (y compris 69.0 km/h).
Richard A. Teague, a stylist of AMC Matador, is Chrysler., Rappeler Richard A teague (l'employeur de Dodge).
The Ariane 5 has a maiden ship on 11 August 2005.
GMA New Media includes the World Wide Web products. 
Albany, Georgia is part of Dougherty County in Georgia, where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
The ACM Transactions on Information Systems, which has an academic discipline of Computer Science, is 946-8900., L'abbreviation de l'ACM Trans. Inf. Syst.
Aaron S. Daggett fought during Battle of Fredericksburg. He won the Purple Heart.
Alan Martin e'r footballer clyde F.C. is a member of Barry Ferguson, y fought in Broadwood Stadium and became manager de Clyde FC.
Alan Shepard, who was born on 18 October 1923, New Hampshire and died in California. He won the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) is a member of the Department of Commerce Gold Médecine., An Saskatchewan, May 1918, he fought on 16 Novembre 1923 en California.
Rhythm and blues is a derivative of Disco. Andra's musician, whose background is solo singer, can be found in disco.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Washington D.C. are an ethnic group of Native Americans.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was authored by Eric Flint, has a ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0., 1635: Il Ram rebellion is auteur in hardcover and had eISBN number 4165-201-0.
Aaron Hunt e'n club de VfL Wolfsburg, Goslarer SC 08 and SV Werder Bremen.
Asher e Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in U.S. Route 83., The National Register of Historic Places has a référence number 88002539.
Allan Shivers, a fought in Lufkin, Texas, and was succeeded by Price Daniel. He worked as Governor of Texas.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center, Marriott International. It was designed by 3XN and it has 23 floors.
Alex Plante, who was born in Manitoba, 1989, is a member of Anyang Halla., L'Anyang halla (Manitoba) and Alex Plantes fought en 1989.
300 North LaSalle, a total area of 60 floors.
Mae Abel Hernández, a member of Hull City A.F.C. C'est un club de Peñarol and Steve Bruce.
Mae Agustin Barboza, a fháil in Asunción, Juan Afara, is l'agglomération de Paraguay. Il y compris sa lingua spagnola.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez, a manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan, is l'agglomération c.d. FAS.
B postcode area is Birmingham which has an postal code in Birmingham. 
Frangipane is an ingredient in Derbyshire Dales, y compris le tart Bakwell pudding. L'ingrédients de la tart bakwell became frangipano.
The Atlas II originates from the United States., Atlas II originated from l'U.S.
John van den Brom e's manager of AZ Alkmaar, whose club is Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap.
Abner W. Sibal fought in the World War II, where Chiang Kai-shek is a member of the United States Army.
Antioch, California a total area of 925 is 75.324 square kilometres and it has an UTC offset of 7,7 km. L'area code 925 was 925.
Abel Hernández played for the Uruguay Olympic football team.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It's west of Franklin County (Maryland), Frederick County de Maryland., Austin County d'Adam, Pennsylvanie has a north-ouest of Frank County en Pennsylvania.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in Soho Press, Stáit Aontaithe. Is é l'universitéireacht d'Inghilterra.
L'aeroporto Ardmore (New Zealand) a length of 518.0 km/h, it has an 3rd runway surface type de poaceae. Il n-escale name is 07/25.
Anderson, Indiana a total area of 107.43 square kilometres is 268.0 and it has an elevation above sea level de 26,8 km in Indiana. Anderson, Illinois e's population density of 523.9 (inhabitants per sq km).
Austin, Texas is in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Greek is the language of Greece. 
Mauricio Macri, l'Argentine is a leader of Argentina. ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) in Argentine.
Abilene, Texas is part of Taylor County in Texas, United States. Is a l'aeroporto régional d'Adéne which seirbhís Oifig Al-Régional tal-Adene., Mae L-U.S.
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown.,  Adam Mc Quaid, who was a birth place in Charlietown.
Buzz Aldrin a fought in Apollo 11 and became pilot fighter.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County in Indiana, United States, where 16.55 square kilometres are an area total.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a fought in Chicago, Stáit Uniti, c'est un gruppo ethnique degli Native Americans negli U.S.
Austin, Texas is part of Williamson County in Texas, where the largest city is Round Rock and Georgetown., The county seat de Austin, Tex-pae's Spanish can be found o round Rock, Dallas.
The La Crosse, Wisconsin a total area of 58.38].
Alex Plante, who was born in Canada, led by Elizabeth II, is l'hymne de O Canada., Alisabeth II comes leader of Canada (Elizabeth II).
Allan Sandage, Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire and died in West Germany. He discovered 1036 Ganymed, a student of University of Göttingen., L'université de Gottingen is Allan sandage.
VIAG is located in Agra Airport, India. Its IATA identifier is VIAG. It is operated by the Indian Air Force.
Bandeja paisa, which is a food found in Paisa region, Colombian cuisine. It's main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, butter fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa,shigao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), an Avocado and limon.
Bacon Explosion is a base of sausages in the U.S.A., l'ingredient de bacon explosion was Sausage.
A.F.C. Fylde, which has 3180 membres, is part of Warton,fyllde. He a full name in the Association Football Club Gülde.
Alfredo Zitarrosa e's genre of Zamba (artform), is a solo singer.
Albany, Oregon is a total area of 45.97 square kilometres., Aljany and Oregon are located in 45,97 sq km.
 Agnes Kant risiede i Paesi Bass.
Elliot See, who was born on 23 July 1927, Dallas, has an status of defunted., Austin See's birth date is 23rd March 1927 and died in Dallas.
Akeem Priestley, who was born in Jamaica, is Patrick Allen (politician) and Elizabeth II.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.,  Airey Nave (born in Knightbridge), London.
The 1955 Dodge, a macchinateur de 5-speed automatique, it has 120.0 cm. L'y compris 130.0 pouces, is l'Y8 móter V8.
Aleksandr Prudnikov, who was born on 24 February 1989, is a member of FC Kuban Krasnodar. He plays for FC Dynamo Moscow.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made from granite and white marble. It was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in feidhme sa Bhrasat Azerbaïdjan.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders. 
3Arena a became inaugurated on December 2008 in Dublin. It was designed by Populous ( company) and it has an completed date of December 2008.
Addiction (journal) a bbreviated to Addiction. It has an academic discibidil of Iddiction, which is in abbreviation to Eddiction.
L'Angola International Airport, which is located in Ícolo e Bengo, it is part of Luanda Province. It has a runway length of 4000.0 and an elevation above sea level in Metres 159.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., A.S. Roma has 70634.
A.S. Roma e's league of Serie A in Rome, Italy.
Andrew White, a musician is associated with Marry Banilow. Andrew White performs alternative rock.
Attica, Indiana is part of Indiana where the capital is Indianapolis.
3Arena which is located in East Link Bridge. It is operated by Live Nation Entertainment and it is part of the 3Arena.
Halimah Yacob is a leader in Singapore, where Beef kway teow originates from Singapore. It's airgeadra de Singapour and it has Halimah Yaacob. 
Abilene, Texas a total area of water is 14.2 sq km. Abilne, it has an elevation above sea level de 524.0 and its population density is 429.9 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
Philippe de Belga's leader is Philippe of Belgium. 
FC Terek Grozny is a ground for grozny. 
Bakewell pudding was created by Rutland Arms, Bakewell in 1820. Its main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and  egg., Baquewell fudding is designed byRutland Arm, baked en 1820.
1036 Ganymed, which has an apoapsis of 611950000.0 km/s., The متوسط speed of 1036 Ranymede is 16.86 km per sec. It's apoabsis is 611906000.0 kilograms.
Antioch, California's 11th State Assembly District is the leader of l'11th state Assembly district.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.,
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata. It has a city of Athens, which was serves by Athens.
William Anders, who was born on 17 October 1933, is a member of Apollo 8.
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, California, died on 21th July 1998, is a member of the American Defense Service Medal.svg.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has a ISBN number 1-439-92550-9.
Alfred N. Phillips, fought in the United States Army and was a member of the American Civil War.
Audi e-tron, f'appartenant degli Audi A1, constructed by August Horch, a subsidiary of Ducati.
Bill Oddie starred Bananaman.
 Valery Petrakov is a manager of FC Torpedo Moscow.
Bacon Explosion is located in the Kansas City metropolitan area, United States. It has sausage and its main ingredients are bacon explosion.
L'11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Asian South Africans are an ethnic group. L'Afrique australe is the capital city of Cape Town.
Hypermarcas è l'imprenditore de la Corte Suprema Federale, f'appartenant à São Paulo, Brasil. L'officier in Brasil is President of theSupreme Federal Court.
Anaheim, California is a leader of the U.S. House of Representatives in the United States, where English is one of its languages. Anaheim ( California) is part of New York Congress.
Bananaman, which was diffused by BBC, London. Bananaman is a key person of Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead. It can be found in London.
Poaceae, a class of Monocotyledon, has an order of Commelinids and its 2nd runway surface type is Poaceae., Mae'r Airport Ardmore (New Zealand) in New Zealand several types of poaceae can be found as monocotiledon. L'ordre consists de commelinid, maeffe'ir part of the floing plant.
Mae'r Celery, a famille d'Apiaceae, is an ingredient in Bakso.
The Atlas II originates from the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. and is a leader of the US., Atlas II originated dagli Stati Units, whose leader is President.
Al-Zawara'a SC, Alaa Abdul-Zahra is a member of the club Shabab Al-Ordon Club., Alla Ał-Ala al-Zaza f'un club degli Alznaw'as SC.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is a ground in Italy., 
Ram Naik is a leader of Uttar Pradesh, o Awadh. L'arrondissement n'appartenant pas l'Agra Airport u remplacement j'y compris i Bundelkhand.
Duncan Rouleau, a nationality of Americans, was created by Baymax. Il film is Big Hero 6 which starred Damon Wayans Jr.
Aleksandr Chumakov, who played for FC Torpedo Moscow, is a member of the Soviet Union national football team, Valery Petrakov. He died in Russia, Valentina Matvizienko, and e'n manager dei FC Teorpedo Moscou.
Al Anderson, a band NRBQ, genre rock music, is originated from country music.
Lenol, l'ordinaire de Bandeja paisa in Paisa region. L'ordine is Rosids, il y compris le Rutaceae and it is gníomhaire de la Régionale paese.
Aaron Bertram e'r a member of the Suburban Legends and is associated with Kids Imagine Nation. 
Aaron Boogaard, who was born in Canada, where English is the language., Mae'r fils from Canada which is english.
The Flemish region is a member of the Gouvernement. 
L'Angola International Airport serves Luanda, where 159 is an elevation above sea level in Metres.
The ISBN number of A Loyal Character Dancer is 1-52395-301-3., 1 696-70-3, the ISBN Number of 1 694-673-5.
Alan Shepard, who was born on 18 novembre 1923, New Hampshire, has a member of the Department of Commerce Gold Medal and died in California. He graduated from Massachusetts United States Navy as well as test pilot. It is higher than Distinguished Service Médecine (The US Navy) where it was defunted.
The AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 membres in the Superleague Greece, a member is 69618].
Ala Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad. 
Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California, is located in Asilamar blvd.
Aenir, l'universitéal Garth Nix, has a ISBN number 0-439-17684-0., Mae-ISBN number 0-4439-17934-0, f'or garth nix and it is auteur de Grâth NIx.
Arròs negre is an ingredient in Squid., Arròs néger's ingredient is saquid.
The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006. It has an orbital period 135589000.0, a mass de 9.8 km/s. Its apoapsis is 195192000.0 km per sec., L'épidémie di 1097 Viscia f'est 31 Decembre 2006, it had an escape velocity 0.0112 km3/s.
 Jens Hartel played for SV Germania Schoniche., Jens Härtel is a member of SVGermania olfsburg.
L'aeroporto regionale Adirondack serves le Lake Placid, New York. L'aerroport régional Adiondack is located in Saranac Lake (New York) agus it has 1219.0 runways.
Aaron Deer, a solo singer, is Psychedelia. He originated in Indiana, Indiana.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages. Its ISBN number is 1-439-92550-9.
A Wizard of Mars is a language English. 
Maruusi is a member of the Olympic Stadium (Athens) in Marousi.
Artur Rasizade is l'Azerbaïdjan, a bhfuil an t-Azerbaidjan mar ceannaire de chuid Ard-Stiúrthóir na Bakou. Il Memorial Turkish Martyrs bhí consapháirteach le soldati Ottoman Army uccisi in feidhme sa Bhrasau.
Alan Frew, a newmarket in Ontario, is originated from Coatbridge, Canada. He was born on Newmarket (Ontario) and his background is solo singer.
J. V Jones e'r ISBN number 00-7653-0633-6., A Fortress of Grey Ice is published by J.V. Jones and has l'ISBN number 7653-633-6.
The ALCO RS-3 is 17068.8 millimetres long and has 12 cylindres, a length of 12. It was built by Montreal Locomotive Works.
Bill Marriott International is a key person in Bill.
The Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis sport and sports offered in tennis, which is led by the International Tennis Federation.
Apollo 8 e'l operator of NASA., The Apollo 8 is operated by NASA.
Ab Klink, who was born in Ísiltír, Erasmus University Rotterdam, is a member of Christian Democratic Appeal., AbraKlink became fought in Iodáil na hÍsiltíre (Erasmus Université Rotterdam).
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in Chicago, Illinois, is a member of the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl, is a member of A.S. Gubbolo 1910 Lmt in 2014 and it has 55000 membres.
The Ariane 5 a launch site is ELA-3 in Guiana Space Centre, where Kourou (France) is the headquarters of Kouru, France. L'Ariane 5 has l'ESA-3.
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and fought in 2014-15 Topklass.
Alex Tyus e's club in Maccabi Ashdod B.C., l'entraîneur fhevu Sherf.
John Roberts, l'université de 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States. Is a member of the U.S. John Roberts and john Roberts are an ethnic group of African Americans.
Auburn, Washington e's part of Washington, Stáit Uniti.
Aaron Boogaard, a member of Wichita Thunder, was born in Regina, Saskatchewan. L'hauteur de l'université is 1.937 km/h.
Akeem Ayers, a former team of St. Louis Rams, was drafted on 2 and it is 39.
In Haputale, Sri Lanka is a member of Ranil Wickremesinghe. Il's capital de Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and it has an currency sri Lankan rupee.
Auburn, Washington y compris part of Pierce County in Washington, Stáit Aontaithe. It is propriétaire de Washington D.C.
Aaron Deer, a member of the Horns of  felicity, is associated with the Corns de Felicita's.
The Antwerp International Airport, which is owned by Flemish region, operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. L'aeroporto international tenant l'Agglomération flesmish Division of Mobilità and Travaux publics, it was servesd by Brussels.
Poaceae, which is a class of Monocotyledon, has an order of Commelinids and its 2nd runway surface type de Poaceae. 
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has a ISBN number 41071100., Alcatraz Versu the Labyrinth Libraryans is affiliated with 9571100.
Alfredo Zitarrosa e's band associated with Hilario Pérez. 
A Severed Wasp, a media type print, is 8802395. It has the ISBN number 8804107, it has an ebook of CongressClassification PS23.9.E55 S4 1982., The ISBN Number 8804075, A Severd Wasb, was i bibliothèque de Congress Classified PS6036. E55S4 1980.
 Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York, it has an affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. L'université Cornelle was published by CornelL University, which has its nickname Corneln Big Red.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l., A.C. chievo Verona f'apparecchiature 2014-15 Serie A, it has 39371 membres.
 Nikos Voutsis is a leader of Grecia. 
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Danmhairgis, Denmark. It was established in 1928 with 737 academic staff.
Mae'r Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore, Indonesia.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, where Don Tripp is the leader of Albuquerques, United States., Luquierque (New Mexico) comes from the U.S.
Abilene, Texas a total area of 286.5 sq km. Abilène, it has an elevation above sea level de 524.0 inhabitants per square kilometre. La densità demografica is 429.9 (inhabitantes per sqkm).
Ahmet Ertegun, a derivative of blues is Disco and disco. Is in the United States where Afro Americans are an ethnic group.
The AMC Matador, which has a mid-size car, was assembled o Thames, New Zealand. Il y compris l'AMC V8 moteur.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. It's leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and its currency is an rupee sri Lankan.
The AIDAluna has an active year in date of 22nd March 2009.
The A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States., Swou Press, U.S.
Alessio Romagnoli e'n club degli A.S. Roma in Serie A, f'un club d'entraide alessio romagnoli. 
GMA New Media which is located in the GMA Network Center, Philippines. Is a felipe Gozon whose key person is Felipe GOzon.
Arem-arem e'n is l'Indonésia in Indonesia, y compris an rupiah indonesian. Is é le haghaidh Javanese. L'Inghilterra dei Joko Widodo and it is led by Jooppo Widnikov.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom.
John Roberts is a leader of the United States, where John Roberts and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Elliot See, a defunted by St. Louis, was born on 23 July 1927 and died in Dallas.
Frank de Boer is a manager of AFC Ajax.
Alessio Romagnoli e's club in A.C. Milan, a manager de Sinisa Mihajlović, is l'université Sampdoria.
John Buscema a fought in Eagle Award (comics).
Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, Greece, operated by Minister for Health. He is a minister for Santé.
Twilight band is a black metal genre.
 Patrick McLoughlin e'n leader of Derbyshire Dales., Mae-diley dei Doris, a'r l'Albany Dyer (il battaglione).
Siomay is a variation of Shumai. 
The Addis Ababa City Hall is 42 m. Its current tenants are governed by Adis Afbeba, and it has 42m air.
Binignit s'y compris le Visayas, massima ingrediente in Binignit is sweet potato. Il contenant dei coconut milk, binignit f'en Filippine.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, a member of Vica, is affiliated with Vila Nova Ftiye Clube. Il battaglione Campeonato Brasileiro Série C in Brasil, bénéficiera de 17000 membres.
The Alhambra a launched on 31 Meith 1855. It is 8.3 m long and it was inaugurated on 23 May 2005.
(66391) 1999 KW4, a density of 2.0 gram perCubic centimetres, has an apoapsis of 162164091.olfsburg (kilometres).
Atfort Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Austin, Texas. It is the capital of Texas where Austin and Austin are an largest city.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Baku, where Hüseyin Bwyser and Hilmi Guner is a capital., Il bagay Azerbaïdjan has l'capital of Bakou, whose capital is Baku.
Massimo Drago e'n club de Delfino Pescara 1936., Massima Drago, a'm sportivo delfino Speziara 1935.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in New York City, Connecticut, is a member of the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare.
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has a runway name 4/22.
Al Kharaitiyat SC, a member of Amar Osim, is part of Al Khor. Alaa Abdul-Zahra's club has the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and it plays in Al Khur.
A Severed Wasp contains 374-26131-8 and has 388 pages. It has an ISBN number 8806036, it has a hardcover type of Hardcover.
Atlanta a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per sq km. It has 404, 678, 470 area and 347.1 square kilometres., The total area of Atlanta contains 349,7 km/hectare.
Arròs negre, in Catalonia, Spain, is a Cubanelle ingredient. Is l'ingredient degli Arròs neri, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle Peppers.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark, where Marriott International was architected 3XN.
A Severed Wasp, is a country in the United States where Barack Obama is leader. Is l'ethnic group of Native Americans are an ethnic group degli Stati Uniti.
Felipe Gozon is a parent company of GMA New Media, y compris Felipe GOzon. Is l'employeur pubblico de la GGMA Network (entreprise).
Anderson, Indiana is a part of Madison County in Indiana, United States., In Indiana (United States), Anderson and Indiana originates d'Istati Uniti.
Mae Baked Alaska comes from Hong Kong, France, Carrie Lam (politique) and Gérard Larcher is a leader.
Alfred Moore Scales e'r fought in the Overland Campaign., The Battle of U.S
Anaheim, California a total area of 131.6 sq km. It has an elevation above sea level de  48,4 km/km.
The Saranac Lake, New York, is part of the United States., Sagrac Lake - Nuja'r (part of The U.S.).
Aaron Turner, a member of the funky metal black metal, can be found in music fusion genre Death metal.
Alfons Gorbach, a fought in Imst, Austria-Hongheria, died in Styria., Afhillt imst l'Albanie-Ungheria degli Afraghilterra, germania-Ouzbékistan.
The ISBN number of A Wizard of Mars is 978-20-15-204700-2 and has a media type in Hardcover., L'ISBN number: 978-1-15-204075-2 can be found in hardcover.
The ACM Transactions on Information Systems, which has an academic discipline of Computer Science and is abbreviated to the Associazione Trans. Inf. Syst. It's nnuméro 1558-2868., 
Elliot See, a defunted in Dallas, St. Louis, is l'université Texas at Austin, ag an affiliated with the University of Texas System. Il y e's apogée d'Université Texas ta' Austin; c'était San-Louis.
Aston Martin Virage, l'actionnaire degli Aston M.RHAM/1, f'un successor d'Alman Martin V8, c'est-cey of transport all'Alban Martin RHAM/1.
11 Diagonal Street is located in Cape Town, South Africa, where Cyril Ramaphosa is the leader.
Andra's singer is the genre of pop music, a fusion genre de disco.
Andra, a solo singer, performs pop music. Andra's background is sol-singer.
Abilene, Texas contains 325 area code.
Alfons Gorbach, a bhí in office pendant qu'Adolf Schärf, was born in Austria.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was preceded by 1634. The Baltic War, Eric Flint, became born in Burbank, California.
Bionico e'n bionico in Mexico, y compris la lingua spagnola. L'Enrique Peña Nieto is a leader of Mexico. Bionico comes from the Spanish language.
Mae'r Baked Alaska in New York, f'en France. L'ingrédient is Meringue.
Walter Baade e's Alma mater de l'Universita' Göttingen. Walter baade, whose nationality is Germany, was discoverer 1036 Ganymed., The alma mater in the University of Gottingen die'r Walden Bernad.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's record label is Movieplay.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a food found in Great Britain, where Barack Obama and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Lu County, Alabama is l'Alabama.
Alfred N. Phillips, who was born in Darien, Connecticut, is a member of theMayor of Stamford (Connecticut).
Atlanta is part of Georgia (U.S.), where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument, which was established on 11 Luglio 1907, is a district of Monocacy National Battlefield. It has an Historic District in Frederick County,Maryland. L'arrivée de l'Office national Park Service (United States).
In Japan, i brasiliani is a group ethnique degli brésiliens. 
Audi A1 s'appartenant à Audi Brussels, a feithicil de 1.2 litres. L'abbonamente d'Audi Bruxelles c'est 1,2 litri.
Allen Forrest's genre is pop music.
The ALV X-1 is originated from the United States, where Washington D.C. are an ethnic group of White Americans. L'hymne was The Star Spangled Banner.
Buzz Aldrin, a nationalità degli Stati Uniti., Cuzz Allrin's nationality of the U.S.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 March 1987.
20 Fenchurch Street, which was buildinged on janvier 2009, is located on Jan 2009.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada, where English is the language.
Agnes Kant, l'appartenant de la Partie socialista in Inghilterra, operated by Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer. Agnes Kant is a member of the House of Representatives (in Ísiltír).
L'université 1 Decembrie 1918 o Bucharest, Romania is l'un decreto 1918 université in Romania. Is a chiffre d'entre eux Klaus Iohannis. La capitale c'est Bucarest.
Andra, a solo singer Andra, was born in Câmpia Turzii, 1986. Il saxophone Andra is l'enigma de Rhythm and Blues.
L'Italia, l'Italie is a governed by Sergio Mattarella. L'Istituzione degli Arrabbiata sauce originates from Rome. Il y compris la capitale di Roma.
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow. Valery Petrakov is a manager of FC Turobo Minsk.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, l'Alban Schneider-Ammann is a leader in Ticino. L'Académie de Architattura Di Mendrinio s'est établit en 1996 agus ha 600 studenti.
James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison, Wisconsin, has an epoch date of 27th July 2011, and is discovered by 103 Hera. It's fought on 27 August 2011.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, which has a runway name 14R/32L., 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, which was established in 1928, has 737 academic staff. It is operated by 737 student.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It's north is Cumberland County (Maryland), Gettysburg, Pennsylvanie.
(66063) 1998 RO1 epoch was on 4th July 2013, and it has a escape velocity of 0.0999 km/s., 
The record label of Agustín Barboza is Philips Records.
Dan Mishkin e'n comic character Bolt, which was created by Paris Cullins. It has an alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky., Den Mishקין é'r creator de Bolt (comics car Acter) a footballer f'près Cullin. Il is géré commençant b'l'abbreviated name: Lars Bolattinsky.
Alison O'Donnell e's record label de Deram Records, London. Il deram Record label is Fruits de Mer Records.
Trane, which was founded in La Crosse ( Wisconsin), is located in Ireland. Trane comes from L-Croix, Wisconsin.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr. played for the National Hockey League.
Amdavad ni Gufa, which is located in Gujarat, India. Ilalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, vicino CEPT University, opp. Ahmedabad University and University Road, has l'indirizzo address of Amblanco niGufa (en Maharashtra).
Akeem Dent e'n football team Atlanta Houston Texans, which is owned by Bob McNair. It was a member of the Atlanta Falcons in Atlanta. 
Bill Oddie e's child with Kate Hardie.,  Bill Oddi, whose child is Kate Harie.
Mae'r salsa Amatriciana a sauce in Italy, o Pietro Grasso. L'Italie is l'imprenditore Sergio Mattarella.
Roy D. Chapin Jr., AMC Matador was manufactured by Eagle (automobile), a Chrysler is the key person of American Motors whose successor is Eagle.
Arròs negre is a member of the Valencian Community, where Cuttlefish is an ingredient. 
Aaron Turner e's music fusion genre de Death metal is Black metal and Mamiffer. Is a member of the band mamme, u feidhmiú funky black metal.
Bionico e'n bionico in Guadalajara, Mexico. Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico, which has an variation of Honey.
The AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. It has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres and was founded on July 4th 1776.
(66063) 1998 RO1 epochta 2013-11-04, it has an orbital period of 360.29 days and its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 km. 
 Austin, Texas e's leader is the City Manager., The city Manager of Austin comes from the United States.
Budapest, which is from Hongrie., Hongrie's country is Budapest.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was published by Eric Flint, is 512 pages. It has 512 pagines.
 110 Lydia epoch is 31 December 2006.
Auburn, Alabama is a country in the United States. It has an ethnic group of Asian Americans.
Bhajji, which is located in Karnataka, India. T. S Thakur and Narendra Modi are the leaders of India.
A Long Long Way, which was preceded by Annie Dunne, in Ireland, is a member of the ethnic group of White people., Fabber and Faber are an editor of A Long long Way followed by The Secret Scripture.
Duncan Rouleau, a's nationality of Americans, is Steven T Seagle. Baymax (film Big Hero 6) starred Scott Adsit.
Livorno Calcio S.p.A. L'I.S. Livorno, calcio f'appartenant a Stadio Armando Picchi in 2014-15 Serie B.
Icolo e Bengo is in Angola, where the runway name is South Runway.
Akron Summit Assault is a ground in Akron, Ohio, United States., Mae'r U.S.
Adirham Hall, which is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, India. It is the capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and it is Tamil language.
Lancia Spartak, Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Fiat Croma. It was assembled in Arese and arese.
The AMC Matador, which was assembled in Thames, New Zealand, has an alternative name called VAD Classic. It is operated by the station wagon and it can be found in Antartide.
Adam McQuaid, a member of Boston Bruins, is in Columbus, U.S. Don Sweeney, bhí ag an gcomhlacht dei Blue Jackets Atlantach., Mae Adam McQuid's draft team was Ohio and fought in New York City, O.R. A.D. D.J.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II, which originates from the U.S. A.C. Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2, was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., Antares (rocket) has a résultat come delta II degli Stati Uniti.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, London. It is led by the European Parlaimint.
Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States., The Amarillo which is in the U.S.
L'AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, a tenant degli Marriott International, is owned by Bella Center. It has 23 floors.
Bionico e'n ingredient in Granola, it is a dessert. Bionico comes from granola and can be varied from Cake. 
Aaron Turner, a member of the band House of Low Culture, is associated with Mamiffer. Is l'instrument de fusion metal Black metal and f'un genre de Death Metal.
Binignit e's gran-ingredient de Binignit in Philippines. It is an ingredient of Sweet potato, y compris Banana.
Trane a's subsidiario in Swords, Dublin. Trane has an revenue de 10264000000 and is operated by building management system. L'income net was 556300000, agus l'encomme net is 560300000.
The AMC Matador, a model year 1971, was assembled o Port Melbourne, Victoria. It is related to the memorandum of transport in 1971.
Akeem Dent, who was born in Atlanta, Georgia, a year 1987., Atlanta, Georgie, is l'Annuaire dei 1986.
Andrew Rayel, a member of Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma,Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano. Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose and Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin et Alexandra Badoi.
A Severed Wasp, which is located in Great Britain, they are an ethnic group of African Americans.
Stuart Parker, a footballer in Sparta Rotterdam, is manager of A.F.C. Blackpool. Il's club e' Spartra Rotterdam.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States. It is part of Manhattan.
Mae Bionico n'est pas chez Jalisco, Mexico. L'ingredient bionico is Raisin.
Albert Uderzo created Asterix, which was creator of René Goscinny., Aterix is a comic character Antarix (comhlachta Comic), creato by Rene Gosfianty.
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana., In Indiana's capital is Indianapolis.
The runway length of Antwerp International Airport is 600.0. It is operated by the Flemish Government, which has 12 km above sea level. L'IATA n'est propriétaire de l'Aviation téléphonique d'Agglomération liflemish govern. Il aeroporto internazionale u hauteur de 12.6 km/h.
Mae Chinabank, a net-incombent 15100000000., Fae Cinabank f'un service bancaire, mae 1500000000.
Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil and Amatriciana sauce in Lazio, Italy. It is a base of ingredients de la mae'r granciale. Is l'ingredient d'agruania salsa en italien.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road - Bangalore – 560090., L'Acharya Institute of Technology was directored by Dr G. P. Prabhukumar and is a member of Dr J.G. Pi Prabdnikov.
Chinabank, a chiffred with 5594 employs, was founded on 16th July 1920. It has 15100000000 operates and it has 295 locations.
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of the New Democracy (Greece) is in office while Antonis Samaras was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis., Mae'r Adonis Georgidis f'en exercice pendant quelqu'un d'entre l'Istituzione de Ghréig-Greg-Grëgeu bénéficied da Nikolas Tarsis.
Andrew Rayel, whose genre is Trance music, was a member of the band Christian Burns, Jonathan Mendelsohn. He fought in 2009.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County - Oregon in the United States. Albany's district is Benton County and New York.
Atroport Andrews County Airport located in Texas, Austin, Texas. It is the largest city of Texas which has Austin and Texan.
AZAL PFK, Aleksandre Guruli s'engaged in Olympique Lyonnais. Il is l'endroit d'Alligator pFK degli AZAL-PFK.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Kuching, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Adenan Satem, f'appartenant à Shung-Borneo japonais, became successor de Adenian Satm, j'était l'occupation japonaise du Borneo britannique.
Tomo is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce in Lazio.
The Alcabra is a top speed of 18.52].
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the community of Madrid., Mae Paracuoles deJarama n'est propriétaire de la Communauté de Madrid.
Bhajji, a gran flour, talmhithe, is i bhajji region of Karnataka. L'ingrédients principales de Bhajji are gram flouri, glasu et verdure. 
Albany, Georgia e's part of Dougherty County in Georgia, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Stuart Parker, who played for Irlam Town F.C. Blackpool, is a member of A.F.A.B. blackpool and was manager of SC Mechelen., Stutti Parker (soccerer) e'n footballer in FC Killufl.K.J.I.
L'Icolo e Bengo is part of Luanda Province, in Angola, a bhfuil 159 metres above sea level.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Air Force and is succeeded by Olesegun Obasanjo, mentre il Vice-Président ad AtikoAbubakar.
Asey Wilder, who was born in Sweden on 23 July 1982, is a solo singer. L'adolescenza depuis 1981, l'appartenant d'Ey-Wilder comes da soliste.
Al-Khor Sports Club where Alaa Abdul-Zahra is a member of Al shorta SC., Il-Kegor Sports club which was located in Al Khor, al-Kor and Al Shorta Sc.
Alan Martin e'r footballer, Alan Martin, whose club is Accrington Stanley F.C. and Barry Ferguson was manager of Clyde FC.
Auburn, Washington is part of King County in Washington, l'Instáit Uniti. Auburn (in Stáit Aontaithe), c'est propriétaire d'Olympia, Wyatt, b'y compris la capitale de Seattle.
Baked Alaska, which is part of Paris, New York or Hong Kong, in the United States. Its main ingredients are meringue, gelato, crème de sponge ou pudding Christmas.
Antioch, California n'est part of Contra Costa County in California. L'area totale de 75.324 square kilometres, y compris la zona di San Francisco Bay.
Anders Osborne a record label is Alligator Records.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in New York City, is a member of the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II.
The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact factor of 1.37.
 Nikos Voutsis is a leader of Grecia. 
Arem-arem e's ingredient in banana leaf.
Il Memorial de Baku Turkish Martyrs', a member of Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner, is l'Azerbaïdjan. L'Immorfino turco Turquiu Turirs f'appartenant aux soldats Ottoman Army uccisi lors de la Bataille di Baku.
Ampara Hospital is a district of Ampara, Sri Lanka., 
Attica, Indiana contains 783.1 inhabitants per sq km. Attica is part of Logan Township, Fountain County (In Indiana), a total area of 44.14 square kilometres. Il y compris l'insecte density de 78.3.1 en population per chilometri quadrata. 
Albert Jennings Fountain, a defunted in New Mexico Territory, was born in Staten Island.
Ayam penyet is a member of Java where Banyumasan people are led by Halimah Yacob. Is l'agglomération de Singapore, y compris the language English.
Illinois Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the U.S. A.K.A.I.
Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000 and operated by Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar, is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University., B.M. Reddy Is a member of Acharya institut of Technologie where B. M.reddy is the president of Bangalore, India.
Mae Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Sarawak, is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati sarawak.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road - Bangalore – 560090. L'Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students., L'Istituto de Technologie a India is affiliated with 600 postdoctors per l'Université De Tech i Mumbai (India). Inaugurated in 2000. Il campus y compris 300 postlaureates.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, which was established in Ticino, is a member of the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland. L'Académie dippubblica per l'Alban Schneider-Ammann ha 600 studenti.
Alex Plante, who was born in Manitoba, l'Annuaire 1989., Alympiade Alex Planté, died in Manitoba, 1989.
John van den Brom a club is Istanbulspor A.S., where Robert Nietoorn's member of AZ Alkmaar, whose manager is John van Den Brom and AFC Ajax.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County in Indiana.
Hypermarcas, which was founded on 1st December 2001, is a subsidiary of Mantecorp., In São Paulo, Hypermarca's has its filial and manteCorp.
Lancia Spartak, Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy, a Fiat Croma. Si tratta d'un moteur de l'Istituzione Italiana, ma s'appartenant à Lancia Incendio. 
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Japan. It is part of Ikita Territory. Tarō Asō and it has affiliation ethnique with the Japanese people.
Alan Shepard, a New Hampshire, was born in New-Hampshire. He graduated from NWC, M.A. 1957 and died in California., Allen shepard became defunted by wwC, MA. A.S. 1955, fought as pilot test.
The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006, a periapsis de 2791430000. It has an apoapsis de 410792000.0 km. 
109 Felicitas, whose periapsis is 286036000000.0.,  109  felicitas has an peripops of 28Karnataka000000.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves Amsterdam., The city of Amsterdam is located in Amsterdam.
Asam pedas e'n a base name is Asam peidas in Malaysia, y compris la Sumatra agus La Malaisie. Is l'idéal dei feoil cuisined in sour and hot sauce. 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where Washington, D.C. are led by Paul Ryan.
John Cowper Powys was authored by Wolf Solent. 
Bacon Explosion e'n bacon explosion in the United States, where Barack Obama is led by Washington D.C..
Mae Barny Cakes are a variation of chocolat. 
V Werder Bremen II, Viktor Sigbenyk, Aaron Hunt is a member of SV Wirder Brem II.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County in Texas, where the United States is one of the states.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon in the United States where Washington D.C. is governed by Washington DC.
Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Greece, is a member of the Vice-Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
The General Dynamics Electric Boat, which is located in Groton (Connecticut), has 3.8 m long and was constructed by the General Dynamis Engineering Boat., L'American submarin NR-1 comes from Groon, Citta'n, New York, United States are parent company of General dynamis Electronic Boat.
11 Diagonal Street e's completion date of 1983.
Arròs negre is in Catalonia, Spain. Is a Squid ingredient degli Arròis wys y can be found in Catalogonia. 
101 Helena, a media speed is 18.44 km per seconds. It has an apoapsis of 441092000.0 km/m.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is 737 academic staff.
Adam Koc e's nationality of Poland. Adam Koc fought in Poland-Soviet War and was a member of the Polish–Soviet war, Joseph Stalin.
200 Public Square which has 45 floors in Cleveland.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaïdjan, a led by Artur Rasizade. It was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi lors de la Bataille di Baku.
James Craig Watson, who was born in Canada, is an investigateur of 103 Hera., Jasper Craig (Watson) has the nationality of Canada.
L'enfance de Mondelez International, y compris France, c'est en France. L'on fête de Gérard Larcher, b'était le leader d'Autriche, et l'édification de New York in Chicago.
Elliot See, a defunted in Dallas, St. Louis, was born on 28th July 1966, and his Alma mater is University of Texas at Austin. He e'n member of the United States.
Alan Martin, who was born on 1st January 1989, plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. and is a member of Crewe Alexandra FC.
Pietro Canonica is a designer of Atatürk Monument (Izmir) which was made by Pietro canonica. 
Alan Martin played for Accrington Stanley F.C., Alman Martin, footballer, is a club member of Acrington Sidney FC.
Bakso e'n is a food in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, a Volkswagen Polo. It's related means of transport in SEAT Ibiza and VW Polo.
Tarrant County, Texas, which is in the United States.,  Tarrant Contae, Austin, Illinois, U.S.
Hugh Hazzard is a full name of Bozo the Iron Man. 
Adam Koc a fought in the Poland-Soviet War and was won Cross of Valour ( Poland).
The Addis Ababa City Hall, which has 42 m hectare, is a total area of 140000.0 square metres. It's current Tenants are governed Adis Afbeba and it had 42m hauteur. 
Ayam penyet is a member of Java where Banyumasan people are led by Halimah Yacob. L'indirizzo communautaire de Singapour is standard Chinese.
The amount of 1036 Ganymed is 16.86 km per second., L'usmhéid de 10536 Gannymed has an متوسط speed of 168.6 km/s.
Aleksandr Chumakov, who died in Russia, is a led by Vladimir Putin.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House, which was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988 in U.S. Route 83.
Dan Mishkin was created by Bolt. 
The Acura TLX contains 3.5 litres.
L'université 1 Decembrie 1918 in Romania is a member of the Premier Minister, Klaus Iohannis.
Asam pedas is a member of the Malaysian Indians, y compris la Malaisie. Is l'immense majorité de Kuala Lumpur, in Malaysia.
Fiat Croma e's Alfa Romeo 164 is related mean of transport. 
Meyer Werft is located in Germany.
Dodge Coronet, 1955 Dodge is a body style in Hardtop. L'abbreviated name of the Dodd Corone and it has an V8 engine.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House, which was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988., Athsher-et-Mare Isabell Richerson House is aggiunto all'Immatriculation national of Monuments historiques on 23rd December 1988.
Mae Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, is a member of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. Adenan Satem fought in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, sarawak. , Mae Muhammad Tae'm became retired from the Territory deSarawak and an Alma mater d'université di Adelaide.
Adam Maher, who was born in Diemen, diemen.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is in the United States, where English is an language. 
A Loyal Character Dancer is in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
The Alhambra contains 8.3 m long and it has a Beam of 8.3m long., It has an beam from Alcabra in 8.3 km long.
Antioch, California e's part of Contra Costa County, San Francisco Bay Area. L'Aintilli de Antioch in California, y compris l'Spanish language.
La Crosse, Wisconsin, y compris le subsidiario. Trane is a type subsidiary.
Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Brazil., Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, situated in Brasil, it has a ground o Estádio municipal Coeracyda Mata Fesso.
Mare Botta, l'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Svizzera is 600 student., Il Dean dean of Académie dell'Acropsia di Awustinio ha 600 students.
The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government and it has 12 km above sea level., L'Aviation International Brussels, l'IATA n'est propriétaire de la République flaminge, f'appartenant à 12.6 km/h.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in Battle of Gettysburg, where Purple Heart is an awards. 
A Long Long Way has a ISBN number of 0-670-03380-4.
Abilene, Texas a città degli Stati Uniti. L'aeroporto régional d'Adéne is l'enfance in Texas, Stáit Aontaithe. Il runway length is 1121.0.
In India, l'AWH Engineering College is located in Mumbai. Ganges are ganges.
L'université 1 Decembrie 1918, o Alba Iulia, Romania, is a città d'Alba-Iulia. L'anonymat in Romania devrait l'hymne di Dăa5.75-te, romeni., Il anonymtat en Roumanie devono raggiungere la capitale f'Albiulia et Klaus Iohannis.
John Gregory L. Fenves is a president of the University of Texas at Austin in Dallas, where Elliot See became an alma mater de l'Université Texas (Austin), y fought i Big 12 Conferenza., L.F.N.J. F.S. Al-M.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, where Jinnah International airport is located.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre.,  Ann'Arbor ( Michigan) has an population density of 1570.7 people per sq km.
Drew Caldwell is a leader of Brandon, Manitoba., Figliol de Brenda (Manitoba), y'm led by Drew Coldwell.
The Alvis Speed 25 e's transmission is 4387,0 (cubicCentimetres) as a single plate cشنطة, separate 4-speed gearbox All-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle.
Humphrys, Tennant agus Dykes are located in Deptford. It is a member of the Alcambra which has its power type: Humphrys, tennant and dykes.
John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, a governing body of Birmingham City Council and Andrew Mitchell is the leader.
Macabi Tel Aviv B.C., j'ai coach de Guan Tabac.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia. 
The AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock., 
A Fortress of Grey Ice contains media type Hardcover.
Duncan Rouleau, a fought in Maya Rudolph, Americans. Baymax e'n film de Big Hero 6 (film) is l'American.
Akeem Dent, who was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th July 1987, is a member of Houston Texans. Is l'avversario de Jasper Det (Atlanta), Georgia. 
Alvah Sabin, a governed in Georgia, Vermont, il 3rd arrondissement de congrès. Il s'occupe d'Alban-Vermont and f'appartenant l'administrator de Stáit Devermont., L'Adja Sabin is oifige du Segretario D'État Deversmont; b'était gran città de Burlington (Vremont). L'Abraw Sabin was 
Alfred Garth Jones died o London.
Ayam penyet n'est pas in Java, l'agglomération ta' Banyumasan people. L'armée de Singapore is Halimah Yacob.
Mae batchoy is a food found in the Philippines, where Shrimp is an ingredient.
Buzz Aldrin, who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, is a member of the United States and Joe Biden. Is part of Essex County, Il-Rijd.
Stuart Parker e'r footballer Runcorn F.C. Halton is a manager of A.F. C. Blackpool, which plays for runcorn f.c. halton. 
Aaron Hunt e'n club SV Werder Bremen II., Alan Hunt, whose club VfL Wolfsburg, plays fflL wolfsburg.
Mae Mike Akhigbe's predecessor is Oladipo Diya.
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois., Illinois Chicago s'occupe de Dupage County in Illinois.
Fiat Croma, l'Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Milan.
 Cornell University has a name of Cornelle Big Red., Cornell Big Rouge is ainm de CornelL University.
Al Kharaitiyat SC where Al Khor, Alaa Abdul-Zahra is a member of the Shabab Al-Ordon Club. 
 Agnes Kant, who was born in West Germany, is a member of Radboud University Nijmegen., Agnes Kant's Alma mater f'Université Rada Obspedal Nijmeg, Awst Germania, operated by Socialist Party (Pays-Bas).
Ajoblanco, y compris l'acqua. Ajoblanco comes from Andalusia, Spain. It is an ingredient in water.
Adonis Georgiadis, who was a member of the Minister of Economia, Development and Tourism (Grecia), operated by Makis Voridis.
The Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York., Adirondack regional airport is operated by Harrietstown (New York).
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr. s'engaged in Florida Panthers.
Alison O'Donnell e'r flibbertigibbet, is a member of the band folk music of Ireland. Alison E'donnell actively in 1963 and performs Folk music de France.
N. R. Pogson, a fought in Nottingham, on 17 Nollaig 2006, was discovered 107 Camilla, whose nationality is England.
Ajoblanco e's ingredient in Ajoblanco is Almond and Andalusia. 
11/29, Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. It has a length of 896.0 and its runway name is 11/29.
Akeem Priestley, whose club is Jacksonville Dolphins, was youth club.
Aenir is the Australians who are an higher Veil, which was preceded by Awnir. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was natively to Türk Spartaki Aniti. It is made from granite rouge and white marble., Turk tiyerini Anîtarti, it has an Native name of Turk olfsburg Anihitti.
The periapsis o 6155910000000.0, (19255) 1994 VR8 has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, a mass de 5.6 kg/kg. L'orbital period is 878850000.0, f'en 2006.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Austin, Texas. The capital of Texas is Austin.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a successor was Anthony J. Celebrezze.
The epoch of 1099 Figneria, a periapsis de 349206000000.0, has 2.7 kg/kg, and it has an orbital period 179942000.0.
Asam pedas is a member of Sumatra in Malaysia, where Minukkabau people are an ethnic group.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played for A EPSTH 2nd GROUP and has 1500 membres., The A. E dimitra Erwynoupolis is a member of 1500 members.
Albany, Oregon is a part of Linn County (Oregon) in the United States, where Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Aaron Turner e's band Lotus Eaters (band Isis), is a member of the band Sis.
The United States Air Force airways is operated by Al Asad airbase and Lockheed AC-130. L'armée General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon in the U.S.A., f'esplosion of Grenada, fl'envergine degli Stati Uniti.
The United States Air Force, which was operated by Al Asad airbase and Lockheed AC-130, is a fighter of the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. L'Operating Enduring Freedom, fought in the U.S.
James Craig Watson, who was discovered 101 Helena in Canada, and died in Madison, Wisconsin., J'ai founder 101 Helen is a food founded by James Craig (Watson), whose state of origins are Canada.
The periapsis of 1099 Figneria, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
L'Asser Levy Public Baths was located in 23rd Street (Manhattan), 1904. It is a year of costruzione 1904.
Amdavad ni Gufa is a leader in India, ta's T. S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan.
Alan Bean, who was born on 15 October 1932, Wheeler, Texas, is a member of NASA. Alan Bean's crew was operated by Apollo 12 in the U.S. A.K. S.A. L.P.L.R.N.I., l.p.d. f.m.w.f. w.g. W.O.J.M.F.
Mae 'Arem-arem is a region in Indonesia, mae più spécifique à Java., Marm-arm è l'Indonésia ar fud an Idirindien, mais piu' specific to Java.
Airey Neave, a member of the Battle of France, fought in 1974-04-04. It was actively completed in 1979-03-30. 
Alex Plante's height is 1.994].
A Wizard of Mars is a creator of Diane Duane and has an ISBN number 31775313].
Alan Martin played for Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Alessio Romagnoli e's club of A.C. Milan, is a member of the FC Milan., Ilessio romagnoli plays for AC Milan and fought in football.
Mae Abdulsalami Abubakar, a fought in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice-Président Oladipo Diya. Aveva succeeded Olesegun Obasanjo., Abraham Alessio Diya is successor Aleksandr Abrayam Abhbakar.
The Aston Martin V8 was assembled by Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom. It has 5.3 litres and a related means of transport to the Adman Martin RHAM/1.
The periapsis of 88234300.0 $ (410777) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch. 
Amdavad ni Gufa y'r Gujarat, India is a leader of T.S. Thakur. Is l'Afghanistan in India.
Alvah Sabin a successor was Homer Elihu Royce. 
L'Angola International Airport serves Luanda, y compris 159 km/h. It is situated in Icolo e Bengo, part of Lauanda Province. Il aerroport international Angola has 159 m2.
The AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere in Germany, a n-operator de l'Adattica Cruises.
Mae Abel Hernández, who played for Hull City A.F.C. Steve Bruce, is a manager of the FCS.
The variation of a dessert is Cake. 
A.C. Lumezzane, whose league is Lega Pro/A, plays in 2014. It has 45% of members., The A.K. Liuzzane fought in 2014 and it had 41% of members.
The ALCO RS-3 was constructed by Montreal Locomotive Works and has a four-stroke engine.
New York City, a New Netherland is part of Manhattan., The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York city, St.A.I.S.L.Y. L.J.N.D.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak., Abraham Taboud fought in Mulai, Malaisie, and became part of Burasaran Ra`ayat jati sarawak.
L'Italie, where Laura Boldrini is a leader in Italy. L'Amatriciana sauce originates from Rome. It is the capital of Italy and l'Istituzione Italiana.
 Abradab, originated Katowice, Poland, is associated with Magik (rapper) and Kaliber 44.
Julia Morgan, née in California, c'est l'architecte de Julia Morgan. L'architettio di Asilomar Conference Grounds f'Sailsborough Art Museum, and it is a hearst Castle.
Ayam penyet, a grantur de Java, peuvent être trouvés in Malaysia agus Singapore. It is also possible to be found in Malaisie and Singapour. Y's main ingredient Ayamdnikov are fried chicken or punched beef served with sambal.
Alfred Moore Scales, a fought in Battle of Chancellorsville., Afl. Moore Sclábers, became part of the Battle for Chancellersville.
Akeem Ayers, a member of the Los Angeles Rams in Los California, los Angeles, Dallas. Il's former team was Mike Mularkey and is l'allenatore de New York Memorial Coliseum.
Mae Baked Alaska's course is dessert. 
The main ingredients of Binignit are sweet potato and Solanales.
Brem and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music genre, Abradab's musical genre Gangsta rap.
Cármen Lúca is the leader of Brazil, where Cárman Lústá's leader. 
B.M. Reddy is a member of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India. It was president by b.m.reddy., J'Istituto de Technologie In Bangalore (In India).
Antonis Samaras a successor is Konstantinos Mitsotakis.,  Antonis Samares e'n complice Aleksandr MittsSpartakis.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is l'Azerbaïdjan, a bhfuil feidhm ag an Aontais Náisiúnta na hAzerbaidjan. Is é le haghaidh légitimité de chuid Ard-Stiúrth maidir le margadh granite agus airgeadra bianchi. L'Algérijan Turkménistan in Azerbaigidjan gníomhachtaithe ar mhaithe le fórsaí Ottoman Army
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr., who was born in Tampere, Finland, is a member of Florida Panthers., Mae Alekser barkov Junior (born on September 9th 1995) and his club plays for the Florida Panteras.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County in Indiana, United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Bajji e's leader in India, is Sumitra Mahajan.
Bakso e'n is l'Indonésia in Indonesia, y compris Jaco Widodo. Baksolo ed jusuf Kalla f'en Idir-Indonesia, c'est la capitale di Jakarta.
Mae Adare Manor is a member of the Republic of Ireland.
Madeleine L'Engle, l'auteur degli A Severed Wasp., L'Edward author was Madeleine I'Ingle.
Arlington, Texas is part of Texas where English is the language. 
Bionico, a granola, ingredient is Granola.
GMA New Media, which is a media company in the World Wide Web. It's manufactured by GMA new Media and has an industry of Entertainment.
Binignit, l'ingredient f'Banana, is sweet potato., Mae ta' Binignit (j'engrediente f`Banana).
Carl A Wirtanen was discoverer (29075) 1950 DA., The 29075), 1950DA, Carl A.
Ayam penyet s'est in Java where Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. It can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore.
Aleksandr Chumakov e'r manager Valery Petrakov, Aleksandr Tukmanov. Il football FC Torpedo Moscow is a member of the 2014-15 Russian Premier League. It plays in 2014.15 Russian Prime League and operates for Aleksej Pavlev.
Frangipane is a food ingredient in Bakwell tart. 
Arròs negre is in Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader of Spain., Arròs négen is en Spáinn, whose language is Spanish.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road - Bangalore – 560090., The campus of the Accademia Institute of Technology is in Solvanahalli (Acharya) Dr Sravarvi Radjakrishnani Road and HessaghattaMain Road de Bangalore– 380090.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Illinois. It is in the U.S. St. A.L.
Aaron Turner a feidhmchlár in 1995. He is associated with the band Lotus Eaters and Old Man Gloom, whose musical genre is électroacoustique., Alan Turner ha bénéficié d'un an t-album lotus Eater (band) agus he performed en 1995.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is a manager of Peñarol. 
Akeem Dent, who was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th July 1987, is a member of Atlanta Falcons., Atlanta Falcon's birth date 27st October 1987 and he debuted by Atlanta Falcans.
Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India. 
Il'Airey Neave a fought in the World War II, Joseph Stalin.
1634: The Ram Rebellion followed by 1635: La Cannon Law., 165: L'Abraham Rebellion preceded by the Jurisprudence cannon.
L'Atlas II, which was launched in Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36. It has a diametre de 3.04 m. L' Atlas II is originated in the U.S. A.R.A. and its final season is on 16th March 1998. Il battaglione vandenberg Air Force Base.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, which has the coden code of APGPAC.
Columbus Blue Jackets is a city of Columbus, Ohio., The City of New Jersey Cleveland (Ohio).
The A-Rosa Luna e's long of 125800.0 millimetres and it was ordinato on 22th January 2004.
Alvah Sabin s'engaged in the 3rd February1857., Aprav Sabin f'expected actively on 3nd March, 1857.
(66063) 1998 RO1, which has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km/km. It is a minimum temperature of -71.0 (degree Celsius) agus 500.0 (kelvins).
A.D. Isidro Metapan, which has 10000 membres, is located in Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez. It's full name is Isidro Metapán., The A D.Isidro metapan ha 10000 Membres and it had 10000 members.
The escape velocity of 1099 Figneria is 0.0155 km per second., 
Beef kway teow, which is from Singapore and Indonesia. It's main ingredients are Kway Teow (Kway Teeow), beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shrid, sected, scaoil black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, Lengkuas, oryster salsa, soja, chili agus sesame oil.
Aaron Turner, a member of Lotus Eaters band, is associated with Twilight band. He originated Massachusetts and fought in 1995.
Chinabank, which was founded in Manila, Philippines, is located in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands.,  Chinabank (capitald in Filippin), operated by insular Gouvernement degli Esteri.
Polainn e's ethnic group of Romani people. 
Ajoblanco, a n-ainm degli Ajoblanco is Ajo Blanco. L'ingrédient d'Aljeblanco comes from Spain. Il y compris l'approvisionnement en barbecue.
Arròs negre is a member of the Valencian Community, in Spain. Is l'ingredient degli ingredienti: White rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle Peppers.
Alan Frew e's genre rock music and it is originated from country music.
Aerfort Andrews County Airport which is located in Texas, Austin, Texas. It is the largest city of Texas where Austin (United States).
Stuart Parker, a footballer is operated by A.F.C. Blackpool and Drogheda United FC. It plays for Stockport County F. C.
Aaron Turner e's genre of black metal., Alan Turner is a member of Black Metal.
Abilene, Texas is part of Jones County in Texas, U.S. where Washington D.C. is the capital.
Andrew White musician is a genre alternative rock.,  Andrew White (musician) can be found in Alternative rock.
Akeem Priestley, who plays for FK Mughan, is a club of FCMughan.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where Barack Obama is leader. 
Anderson, Indiana is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County in Indiana, U.S. In the United States.
The Ashgabat International Airport is located inAshgabatt. It has 3800.0 runways, a length of 38.000.
L'Ariane 5 l' Ariane 5 was manufactured by the European Space Agency. It has 5.4 metres long and it is launched by ELA-3, on 2nd March 2004.
Alan Shepard, a New Hampshire, was born on 18 May 1923. He roghnò da NASA in 1959 and died in California.
Bhajji e'n India is a leader in India, l'Inde. Narendra Modi and Vajubhai Vala.
The AMC Matador, a type of car is built in Port Melbourne, Victoria, it has an alternative name called VAD Classic. It was assembled port Melbourne (ויקטוריה).
Alan Shepard, a member of the United States Navy, died in California, has an fossil body de Solodon., Ayn Hepard became part of California and fought en California with an distinguished service Medal (The US Navy Navy).
1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by 1634; The Baltic War, David Weber. It followed by Ring of Fire II in the language English.
Abilene, Texas a part of Texas, Washington D.C. is in the U.S.
Mdonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is a member of the United States Air Force which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom. Al Asad airbase was operated by Lockheed AC-130 and McDonnell Doug F15 Eagle. L'Aviation Force degli Stati Uniti became l'oibríocht enduring Liberté.
Airbus Defence and Space is a parent company of Airbus Group., The Ariane 5 was manufactured by the Apollon 5, l'armée defence et système d'Airbus group.
Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Barack Obama and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups. L'université de Washington D.C.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport, which is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, Lahore, Pakistan. L'Antar Zaheer Jamali is a leader pakistanien.
The Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000, is a sportgoverning body for the International Tennis Federation.
Dodge Coronet is a new name of 1955 Dodge. 
Aaron Turner e's genre of black metal, is associated with Twilight band and Greymachine. Is a member of Black metal.
Al Anderson, a band NRBQ (NRBQ) was born in Windsor en Connecticut, and is associated with the Wildweeds. He fought in 1966.
110 Lydia contains periapsis 377016000000.0.
Appleton, Wisconsin serves Appleton. It is part of Kimberly and Little Chute in Wisconsin.
The eissn number of AIP Advances is 2158].
Andrew Rayel e's genre of Trance music. Jwaydan Moyine, John Digweed, is a member of the band/artist associates with J Waydan Mayne. He can be found in pop music and it has its stylistic origins.
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which has an elevation above sea level of 3.3528 and its oibríocht is -3.4075., L'Amsterdam Airport Sciphol (qui ha l'immense area of 3-350 km/h). L'Inauguration organisation degli Stati membri e gli sfruttamento f'Atterrissage fl'Amstarrondissement schiphol.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Georgia, in the U.S. A's ethnic group and African Americans are a member of the United States., Mae Auburn (Alabama), y Opelika, Al-U.R.I.L.N.P.Y.J.E.F.
Joseph Klaus, who graduated from the University of Vienna., The Alma mater of Josef Klaus is l'Université di Vienna.
Mae'r AIDAstella, a longueur de 32.2 millimetres, was built by Meyer Werft and it is operated by IATA Cruises. It has an runway length of 388.8 millimetri. L'intermédiaire de l'Iadastella n'est pas loin de 38.892 km.
The Al-Taqaddum Air Base is a 84.0 elevation above sea level. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff. 
The Administrative Science Quarterly was founded by Sara Miller McCune. It has an abbreviation to Admin. Sci. Q. and is published by the SAGE Publications., Sviluppatore dei Sage Publications, f'Administrateur Sid. J.K. (w). L'abbreviated to Administrator Sid.
The Antares rocket is a launch site in the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport, which was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office. It has comparables with Delta II and Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Abner aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg a LCCN number 32024459].
Mae'r Baked Alaska is in China, where Standard Chinese is one of the languages.
The comic character Bolt, which was created by Paris Cullins, is Gary Cohn.
Associazione X-1 is a country originated in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Glastonbury Romance, a ISBN number 00-7156-3648-0., The media type is print and the book Number 03-7156-648-0.
Ace Wilder's record label is EMI Records.
Alison O'Donnell e's genre of jazz, is a musician autoharp.
L'Italia, where the capital city of Rome, is Rome. 
Walter Baade, who was born in Göttingen, German Empire, died in Gottingen. Walter baade is a member of the U.S.E.I.J.A.N.L.R.U.K.D.
Akeem Priestley, who was born in Jamaica, Patrick Allen, is a politician.
Elliot See, a St. Louis, is part of the Kingdom of France, an Alma mater de l'Université Texas Austin in Austin. Is affiliated with the University of Texas System., L'université Texas at Austin (in Austin), f'appartenant agli Université Tex-Système.
Mae'r Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, l'Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, it is gníomhach champion in Vila Nova Fampeonato Clube., Agremiacao Sindrome Aerei Awraquien se faisait partie de la Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, f'Arapiraca, b'y compris le competizioni confederata municipale ta'Arriraca.
Goris Kaminis is the maire of Athens, o Giorgos Kamins.
Angola, Indiana is a country in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Aaron Turner e's genre post-metal and fought in 1995. It was a member of the band Twilight, which is associated with Old Man Gloom. He performs post metal and plays Post metal.
A.T. Charlie Johnson is an editor of AIP Advances, a coden code AAIDBI.
107 Camilla, epoch date 31 December 2006, was discovered by E. Wells and has periapsis 479343000.0 km/m., L'espèce de 107 CamillA, died in E.
Aaron Turner e's music fusion genre black metal is Death metal, a member of the band Twilight (Band), y fought in Black metal. Is é l'orfanat de Black Metal and j'es i rock guitar Electric.
Albert B. White, who died o Parkersburg, West Virginia, was succeeded by William M. O Dawson., WilliamM.O.Dawson is successor of Albert B.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, which has a runway name 14L/32R., 
Al-Khor Sports Club played for the Qatar Stars League. 
Albert B. White, who was born in 1856 on 22nd September 1956, died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, Illinois. He defeadh il 3rd July 1941.
Airey Neave a bhaint as the Territorial Decor Award.
L'Ariane 5 s'est an Airbus Defence and Space operated at Guiana Space Centre, a diametro de 5.4 metres. L' Ariane 5 was launched on 18th July 2005. Il battaglione d'Airane 5 is 5.4 metri.
The Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the invasion of Panama., L'Asad airbase degli Stati Uniti occupe l'Operating organisation for the U.S.
The Guiana Space Centre is the headquarters of Kourou, France., L'université de l'Inghilterra Spaziale Guana se trouve à Kouru, Français.
The ethnic group of the Philippines is the Pangasinensis people., L'espèce in Philippines has l'ethnic group ethnique de la pagassienne.
L'Italie a Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Pietro Grasso is the leader. L'Italia e's capital f'Rome. Is l'Istituzione degli A.S. Gubbò 1910 and it was governed by Rome.
(66391) 1999 KW4, a density of 2.0 gram perCubic centimetres, it has an epoch date of 14th July 2004, and its orbital period is 16244700.0. It had an apoapsis of 162164091.olfsburg (kilometres).
Audi e-tron is a division of Audi ed l'erron. 
Elliot See e's born in St. Louis and was a member of NASA, 1962. He died on 28th February 1966.
Meyer Werft is located in Papenburg.
Lipincott Williams & Wilkins is the leader of the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is led.
18R/36L is a runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport., The Aviation IATA L'Allama IQbal international airport has l'arrivée n° 18R 36L.
Bakso, l'Indonésia is part of Jakarta. Il y compris Jusuf Kalla, leader in Indonesia.
A.D. Isidro Metapan, a full name is Associationación Deportiva., The A.d.Isidro metapán (adjointly called Associationña Desarrolla).
Anderson, Indiana is a part of Adams Township, Madison County in Indiana, United States. Anderson (in Indiana), y compris l'Indiana, Stáit Aontaithe.
Amarillo, Texas e's part of Randall County in Texas, Stáit Uniti. Is l'espèce ethnique degli Native Americans negli U.S.
Angola, Indiana is part of Indiana, where Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States., L'Angola (In Indiana), y compris l'Amérique degli Stati Uniti, c'est patrocinat dall'Albanie.
Aleksandra Kovač, who was born in Belgrade, is a solo singer. Aleksandra Kovac's genre of Rhythm and Blues. It has an rhythm and blues genre.
 Silvio Berlusconi président A.C. Milan.
The 4th runway surface of Andrews County Airport is asfalted and it has 973.0 metres above sea level. 
Mae's sandwich bacon which is a variation of BLT, it has an ingredient in condiment. 
Alex Day e's member of the band Chameleon Circuit band, Charlie McDonnell. Alex Day actively in 2006 and fought in 2006.
The runway length of the Almena County Regional Airport is 1533.0.
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia, massima specifica per Java. Il-Arem-arem s'occupe d'Indonésia, mais moins spécifique pour Java.
The apoapsis of 1099 Figneria is 603618000.0 km. It has a متوسط speed of 16.37 km per seconds. 
Alan Martin, who played for Hamilton Academical F.C., is a member of Barrow A.F. C.
Alex Plante, a member of Anyang Halla, was born on May 9th 1989 in Brandon, Manitoba., Anyang halla is the club of Alex Plantes, who date of birth on September 9, 1989.
Alfred Garth Jones, a fought in Manchester, England. He died in London, Londra.
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) is a member of 5000, which has an season in 2014.
Mae'n tart f'Bakewell pudding is a variation of Bakewell tart, l'ingredient de shortcrust pâtisserie. 
Beverly Hills, California is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. Is a 3Arena which has l'habitation of Live nation Entertainment in Beverly Hill, Californie. 
Allan Sandage, Walter Baade, a student in the University of Göttingen, was discovered 1036 Ganymed and Halton Arp. He is doctoral student all'université de Gottingen., Allen sandage died Walter baade comes from the U.S.E.U.K.I.N.R.A.L.W.J.B.D.P.V.O.F.
The AMC Matador, a mid-size car, was assembled o Thames, New Zealand. It has an alternative name of the American MotorsMatador and it is operated by the AAMC straight-6 engine. 
Addiction (journal) a bbreviated to Addiction, it has an academic discibidil of LCCN number 92395978. It is in abbreviation to Indemnity., LCCN numero 93430978 and its SSN number 1360-0430 can be found in Bddiction journal.
Albany, Oregon is a country in the United States., Aliny and Oregon comes from the U.S.
Alan B Miller Hall, which was completed on the 5th June 2009, is located in Virginia, United States. It has an Mason School of Business and its currenttenants are Alan B. Miller hall.
L'aerfort régional degli Alpa County is 210 km/h, Wilson Township, Almra County, Michigan. L'aeroporto residenziale d'Alpa c'est l'immense mesure of 1533.0 u moins de sea level. 
Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II was led.
Akron Summit Assault is a member of the Premier Development League, where K-W United FC are champions.
Aaron Turner e's genre of Black metal, a member of Sumac band and has an fusion genre de Death metal.
Ayam penyet is a member of Java where Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups. Is l'université de Singapour, y compris la lingua English.
The ISBN number of A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and is 978-20-15-204700-2.
Aleksandra Kovač, who was born in Socialist Republic of Serbia, is a solo singer. Aleksandra Kovac's genre pop music and his background is soliste., Emulator Aleksa Nikolakovac (born in 1972) f'appartenant de la Repubblica socialista serbo.
 Abradab a background is solo singer. 
The South Jersey Transportation Authority is the leader of Stephen Dilts.
 Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Danmhairg., The leaders of Danimarca are Lars Laøkke Rasussen.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union., Austin e'n particulier de Adams, fall Creek (Facial Creek).,
Stuart Parker played for Bury F.C.
Sadique Abubakar is a commander in the Nigerian Air Force. 
The Akita Museum of Art, which was inaugurated on 28 September 2013, is 3746.66 square metres. It has 3 floors in 3 737.66 sqm.
William Anders, a member of Apollo 8 is Frank Borman. He e'n commandant d'Apollo 8 depuis le 1st July 1969, f'envoyer Buzz Aldrin. William Anders b'était in orbite Apollo 8.
Aaron Turner e's music fusion genre Black metal is Death metal, a member of the band Twilight and Greymachine. L'Alban Turner began degli uomini funky rock black metal.
Abel Caballero, who was born in Spain, is in office while Juan Carlos I de Spáinn, Francisco Franco. Aveva sa predecessore felipe González, Felipe Gonzalez., Bal Cavalier, birth place in Spagna, Isabel-Paula's monarchy and Jose Carlos II de Spawan, Francis Franco.
Aston Martin V8, a t-assemblage degli Stati Uniti membres d'Elizabeth II, f'Elisabeth II. L'Albanie II is l'elaborazione du St. Martin Virage.
Anders Osborne, a member of the band is Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. He performed in 1989 with Voice of Wetlands All-Stars.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Illinois. It is in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. Washington D.C.
Albennie Jones e's genre of jazz. Jazz is originated from blues, Afrobeat.
The Adisham Hall, which was located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, is architectural style of Tudor and Jacabin., Adiryham Hall has l'architecture style de Tudora agus JacFabian.
The Acura TLX is a moteur Honda K.
Adam Koc a bhaint as Cross of Valour (Polainn).
 Rodrigo Dutiye is a leader of the Philippines. 
Java has a Baduy group ethnique.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaïdjan., 
Albuquerque, New Mexico, a total area of 486.2 square kilometres, it has an area code 505, 575 and its population density is 1142.3 inhabitants per sq km.
Anaheim, California contains 657 area code.
Antonis Samaras, a successor de Konstantinos Mitsotakis, was in office while Antonis Samares is Vice-Ministre.
Andrew Rayel, who was born in Chișinîu, Moldova, is a member of the band Trance and Christian Burns. He performed by Armin van Buuren en 2009.
Bacon sandwich, bacon sarnie, rasher Sandwich, Bacon garn, pee'n baco, bocon cob, bucon barm, bcon muffin. Is l'ingrédient is BLT in the Regno Unit. 
Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States where Paul Ryan.
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy. L'A.S. Gubbio 1910, l'Italie n'est delimitate dagli Italians. Il y raggiunget Sergio Matarella.
Arròs negre is a member of the Valencian Community, where Ximo Puig and Felipe VI in Spain. Is l'emmersion communautaire de la Valenciana, il y compris na Spanjaards.
HOK SVE is an architect of 3Arena in North Wall, Dublin. 
Anderson is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana, in the U.S. United States.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. It has an motto de Nurging Excellence., L'Institiúide Technologique (in Bangalore), Belga.
L'aeroporto Alderney, y compris an 1st runway surface type de Poaceae. It has 733.0 metres long and it is a poaceae.
L'Angola International Airport serves Luanda.
Austin, Indiana is part of Madison County in Indiana, United States. Il y compris l'immense city de Anderson and Anderson.
Ace Wilder, who was born in Stockholm, on 23 July 1982, has a background of solo singer., Aysyau'r Ace-Wilder at Stockholm and his background is soliste.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a class of Executive car. 
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio e's leader of the Federal Chancellor, Switzerland. L'académie degli Affariti da Didrizio in 1996 ha 600 studenti.
Aleksandra Kovač, whose genre is pop music, was associated with Kornelije Kovac. He performs Pop music. Aleksandra Kaovac's band associate with bebi Dol.
L'Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, Stáit Uniti. Gale Brewer is part of Manhattan.
3Arena a Dublin is located in Dublin, Poblacht na Repubblica d'Irlanda. It was owned by Live Nation Entertainment and operated by live nation Entertainment.
David Scott e'n commandant Apollo 12 is Alan Bean, a member of NASA. L'Apollo 12 was operated by NASA and David Scott.
Aaron Turner e'n band Sumac, a genre de black metal is Black metal., Abraham Turner was associated with Twilight (band Sumaca), y fought in Black Metal.
A.C. Cesena, which has 23900 membres in Serie B, is a member of 22900 members. 
Arròs negre is a member of the Catalonia region, Spain. L'ingredient dei cereali, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle Peppers., Arros blanco is an ingredient of Cephalopod enk and it can be found in Andalusia.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, which was related to the SEAT Ibiza.
The Dead Man's Plack is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia. The Rock (geology).
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore – 560090. L'Université Visvesvaraya Technological Institute was established in 2000 and is a member of B.M. Reddy., L'Accademia de Technology ha governed by D. G. P. Prabhukumar; b'l'Acharya Institute of Technology operates in 2000. It has its campus in Sold
L'aeroporto Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas is located in Alcobendas, where it has 3500.0 runway.
Alan B Miller Hall, which is owned by College of William & Mary, was located in Williamsburg, Virginie.,  Alan B Mill Hall has a member of the College de William and Mary.
The Antares rocket is a final vehicle on 28th October 2014., Anders (rocket) has an final airport on 28,28 July 2014.
Airey Neave a fought in the World War II and was born on 30th March 1979. It has an Medal of Military Cross, whose active year is made on April 30, 1979.
The Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka. It has architectural style Tudor and Jacabin, which was completed in 1931., L'Adirham Hall s'est achevé in 1927.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. It has the latin name of Universitas Apulensis and Andrew The Apostolle., And Andrew the apostole are a patron saint en Romania.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where they's birth place.
Alfons Gorbach, who was born in Tyrol, Austria-Hongheria, died in Styria. He a member of Tirol (state).
Michele Marcolini, a member of A.C. Lumezzane, operated by Torino FC Bari 1908., Mae's club f.c. Bari 1907 is l'aggresseur d'A.J.L.M. Luezzan, and j'ai manager de C.R.I.F.B. Roma 1908.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, part of the community of Madrid., Ambray Adolfo Tuer Madrid–Barrajas aeroport serves San Sebastian de Los Reye, parte de la Communauté de Madrid.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County, Georgia, where the United States are one of the types of Atlanta., Atta's Atlanta (y compris deKalbg County in Georgia), which originates from Stáit Aontaithe.
The United States Air Force, which was operated by Al Asad airbase, fought in Invasion of Grenada. The Lockheed AC-130 is a Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and the U.S.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. Is in the U.S. L.A.L.I.R.F.
Austin, Texas a total area of 686.0 sq km. It has 703.95 sqkm., The Austin is located in 666.0 square kilometres.
Stanislaw Tillich is a leader in Germany. 
Ace Wilder, who was born in Sweden, is a solo singer. It has an label record label of Warner Music Group and its background is soliste., Ayse's band Ace-Wilder originates from Sweden.
Adonis Georgiadis e's Vice-Ministre for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping.
Aaron Deer, originated in Indiana, United States, is a genre Indie rock.
 Hook'em (mascot) is a mascot of the University of Texas at Austin. 
Frank de Boer e'r manager of AFC Ajax which is a member of the AFL Youth Academy.
Hypermarcas, which is located in São Paulo, has 10252 employs. Its revenue is 1800000000.
Atlantic City International Airport, which has a runway name 4/22, is 304.0 and it has an length of 308.0 km. L'arrivée de l'Autorité Portuaire New York and New Jersey, operated by the Port Authority of NewYork and new Jersey. Il raggiungono 23.5 km/h.
Albany, Oregon is a country in the United States. It has an ethnic group of Asian Americans and its language is English.
Kelvin Mao e'n football character Ballistic, which was created by Doug Moench. It has an alternative name of KelvinMao., The comic character ballistic (comics character) is a common name in kelvin mao.
Auburn, Alabama is a country in the United States. It has Washington D.C. and its capital is Washington DC.
L'Italie n'emmonym is Italians. 
Beef kway teow, which is from Singapore and Indonesia. It's main ingredients are Kway Teow (Kway Teeow), beef tender loin, gula Melaka, leathadh, scaoileadh, sechaithe black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, levekuas, orser salsa, soja, chili agus sesamo oil., Bew kwa yay taow originates dall'Indonésia.
Arrabbiata sauce is in Italy. It is an ingredient of Tomato and it is a pomodori. 
Aleksandra Kovač, whose genre is Rhythm and Blues, performs rhythm and blues. Kornelije Kovac, was a member of the musical artist Pavli Dol.
L'aeroporto Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain. L'enAIRE operated by ENAIRE (ENAIRE).
L'Italie, where Laura Boldrini and Pietro Grasso is a leader in Italy. Is l'Italia capitale di Roma. L'איטלקיana sauce originates from Rome.
 110 Lydia, a rotation period is 39332.9. It has an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
Agustin Barboza e'n solo singer Agustin Barboja, whose genre is Guarania (music), has a label Philips Records.
Eric Flint, l'autorisation of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis., Eric Flint was a creator of the bavarish 1632 and EricFlint.
The film Baymax is a Big Hero 6.
Buzz Aldrin, a member of NASA in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, operated Apollo 11 and was retired on 20 December 1930. He s'occupyd by NASA en 1963.
Asam pedas e'n is a member of the Malaysian India, i Malaisie. Is l'idéal degli Aרמי Zakaria in Malaysia. L'édile d'Alien Khajria, c'est le Sri Lanka.
 110 Lydia, a periapsis is 60361600000000000. It has an orbital period of 142603000.0 and its epoch date is December 31st 2006.
Hypermarcas, l'industrie pharmaceutique, is degli produits cosmétiques.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Illinois., An Angola in Indiana (part of New York City) - Stubenz County In Indiana).
Aerfort Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Stáit Uniti. Is a teaghrán Texan.
John Madin e'r architect 103 Colmore Row., Jen Macin is l'architetto 103 Colonmorerow.
Mae'r a biscuit Barny Cakes in France, c'est en France. Grâce Gérard Larcher, Claude Bartolone, is l'élément de la friture française.
Mae Ajoblanco, l'Ajoblanco is in Andalusia, Spain. Il y compris i barbecue, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil.
Adenan Satem e's Alma mater de l'Université d'Adelaide. 
Chinabank, a chiffred with an Insular Government of the Philippine Islands, was fonded by Chinabank.
Ajoblanco, a gcuid de Felipe VI of Andalusia, is l'Andalousia. L'Albana Diaz n'est pas loin d'Ispaniards.
Alvah Sabin, a member of the secrétaire d'État de Vermont, was born on 23 octobre1793 in Georgia., Alair Sabin (in Georgia-Vermont), attended on 27 نيسان/أبريل 1793, 2006.
In India, Bhajji is a leader in T. S Thakur., Mae'r bhajji comes from India.
The Memorial of Baku Turkish Martyrs' Medal was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Bako, Azerbaïdjan. It is a led by Artur Rasizade and Hilmi Güler., Inaugurated by Türk tiyerini Aniti-Aniti (Turquien) martyr Ataturk Turku turku turru Turru.
Bacon sandwich, bacon sarnie, rasher Sandwich, Bacon garn, pee'n baco, bocon cob, bucon barm, macon muffin, is a base of brown sauce. 
Athens International Airport is located in Athens, o Alexis Tsipras. Is a gcomhracta per l'Antart Idir-Athènes, en Grèce.
Marv Wolfman created Auron (comics character) a comic character. 
(66391) 1999 KW4, periapsis o 29919600000.0., 
Albany, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S.), where Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Mae Abel Hernández, a member of the U.S. Citta di Palermo, f'un club in Serie A, is Peñarol.
Artur Rasizade is a leader de l'Azerbaïdjan, where the capital city is Baku. Il Memorial Martyrs turchier f'Azerbaidjan; il y compris le législature an Soviet Assembly National (Azerbaijan).
Alan Frew, a solo singer, genre rock music. Rock music is originated from blues and bhangra (music).
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata.
Abner footballer played for C.D. FAS.
Bakso is an ingredient in Noodle. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Baku, Artur Rasizade and Hilmi Guner. Is a feidhmiú le Hüseyin Btiyerini Aniti., L'Azerbaidjan is l'Alban príomh-Ministre an Azerbaïdjan agus sa bhliain inaugurata le Türk Spartakî Anati.
Rock music band Al Anderson (NRBQ) is a fusion genre de Bhangra. Is l'orchest folk rock music, y can be found in Rock music and it has an stylistic origin of blues. 
Hypermarcas e'n is located in São Paulo. Is a Drugs and drugs.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis preceded by The Grantville Gazettes., 1632: La crise bavarra's is preceded by the Grantוויל Gazette.
The Arctech Helsinki Shipyard Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) is 21.2 metres long and it was constructed by ArcTech Helsinki Boatyard. 
Mae batchoy is a member of the Philippines where Zamboangans are an ethnic group. Is i Philippine Spanish, l'espèce cinese filippina. 
Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa. 
The AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaïdjan.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County in Indiana, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Adam Koc died o New York City.,  Adam Koc defeadh a NewYork City.
The AMC Matador is a model year of 1974 and was assembled o Kenosha, Wisconsin. L'Ambassadeur de l'AMCMatador fought in 1974.
L'American Journal of Mathematics is an abbreviated to Am J. Math. It has an first publication year 1878 and its n number is 1080-6377.
Bananaman a's first aired on 15th October 1983, Tim Brooke-Taylor. It was created by John Geering and is broadcast by BBC.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of Kota SamSpartak., Ahmed Tab Mahmoud, j'ai governed Kota Samp2395.
Arem-arem is located in Indonesia., The region of Arem, which is part of Indonesia.
Sausage is an ingredient in bacon Explosion which originates from the United States.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a country in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans., In Great Britain, I'ltalia degli Stati Uniti ha un group ethnique per l'Asia Afro-Americans.
Arlington, Texas e's part of Tarrant County, Fort Worth, Dallas. It is the largest city in Texas, Houston.
Alan B. Miller Hall, l'architecte Robert A. M Stern, was a tenant de Mason School of Business., Robert A m Stern is the architect of Alan B.
The Hypermarcas has a net income of 108600000, where 1800000000 employs is 10252].
Aleksandra Kovač, who was born in Belgrade, is a solo singer. Aleksandra Kovac's genre of pop music and fought in 1972.
Il AIDS (journal) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom, whose leader is David Cameron.
In Uttar Pradesh, Awadh is part of Bundelkhand. L'Agra Airport n'appartenant a 167.94 metres above sea level., L'aeroporto rassemblant l'Afgra aeroport j'était i wst Oggi awadh.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County in Texas, where Randall County is the United States., Mae'r Amarillo comes from Port Lake, Illinois, Stáit Uniti.
Akeem Ayers, a member of the Tennessee Titans, was drafted in 2., The former team is Nashville Titanis and his draft was 39.
Alvah Sabin e'n member of the Whig Party (United States) where Daniel Webster is a leader in Vermont. Il battaglione degli Stati Units, y compris la majeure città de Burlington-Vermont.
Andrew Rayel e'r a member of Jwaydan Moyine.,  Andrew Rayell, whose band is associated with Gjidan Meyine.
Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, where Antonis Samaras is a Vice-Ministre Konstantinos Mitsotakis. He became vice-Premier Ministre Aleksandros Venizelos and Makis Voridis's successor.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, whose alma mater is Université d'Adelaide.,  Abdul Tab Mahmoud, was married to the University of Adelaide.
Andrew Rayel, a member of Jwaydan Moyine, is associated with Armin van Buuren. He can be found in House music and plays house music.
The former name of 1001 Gaussia is 1923 OAA907XC, it was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky. It has periapsis 419113394 55312 km/km.
The orbital period of 1097 Vicia is 135589000.0 and it has an epoch date 31 December 2006.
250 Delaware Avenue s'inscrit à Buffalo, New York. It is 110 million de dollars and it has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres. Il y compris 12 sqm2.
A Wizard of Mars is a member of Diane Duane. It has an ISBN number 318900313, and it was published in Hardcover.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Menasha (town), Wisconsin. It serves Appleton and Clayton, Winnebago County in Wisconsin, United States.
Il Gruppo Bertone, l'imprenditore degli Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, f'Istituzione in Torino, Italy.
Andrews County, Texas where Andrews is a member of the county seat., Andy's comhlacht Andrew-Secteur in Texas.
Buzz Aldrin, a became in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, United States. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 and was retired.
Andrew White, musician, a genre alternative rock is Nu metal., Aندرو White (musician) e'n genre Alternative rock and fusion genre nu metal.
Hypermarcas, a type de S.A. (corporation), has an net income of 108600000.
Mae Chinabank, a chiffre d'affaires pubbliche, was founded on August 16th 1920. It has 15100000000 and 295 emplacements in Manila.
Julia Morgan, a member of Los Angeles Herald-Examiner, was born in California. Julia Morgan is l'architecte degli Asilomar Conference Grounds (Saol Mar) ed j'aiguiller investigateur los Angeles herald examiner., L'inhumateur Els Angeles Huerald Episcoper Julie Morgan f'un édifice significatif du Musée Art Riverside.
The AIDAluna, a longueur de 252000.0 millimetres, is connected to Caterpillar Inc. and its maiden voyage on 22nd March 2009.
Paul Ryan, l'Autriche is a member of the United States where Bacon Explosion was operated in Washington D.C.
Alfred Garth Jones, a bhí in Manchester, London. He died o Londra, ma f'un royaume degli U.S. A.N.R.A.
Akeem Dent, l'ancien team de Houston Texans, is Arthur Blank. L'ex-team de Atlanta Falcons, f'appartenant d'Arthur Blank.
GMA New Media which was founded on 1st January 2000, is operated by mass media and felipe Gozon. Is a member key person of GMA Nu's Network Center.
Mae Baked Alaska in New York, Stáit Uniti. L'ingrédient is sapone dessert.
Mae's Finland is a member of the Sami languages. 
Elliot See, who was born on 23 July 1927, Dallas, Texas at Austin, has a test pilot. He fought on the University of Texas in Austin and is defunted by St. Louis.
Arlington, Texas y is part of Tarrant County in Texas, Austin. L'immense city is Fort Worth and Houston.
Cleveland e's part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. It is governed by the Cleveland City Council.
Mae AmeriGas, which is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. It has a total area of 9833516.63 sq km/s., In the U.S. A.R.A.P.K.C. are part of an North American Eastern Time Zone.
Amarillo, Texas is a country in the United States., 
Stuart Parker, a footballer f'A.F.C. Blackpool was manager of Chesterfield FC. He is Gordon Marsden and he plays for SC Mechelen.
Adam Koc, who was born in Congress Poland, is a member of Leon Trotsky. Adam Koc became fought in the Polonais-Soviet War., Abraham Koc began feidhmiú per la Polonia polonais–Soviet war.
The Antares rocket, a launch site in Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, is associated with Minotaur V. It has comparable to Delta II and it was launched by the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaport Lanspad 0.
T. S Thakur is a leader in India, where the Agra Airport is operated., Agra Airport has l'Agra Airport which is situated in Indiana, whose leader is T.S Takur.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, which is manufactured by Gruppo Bertone, was constructed by Abarth.
Ajoblanco e's ingredient in acqua. Ajoblanco is a grange d'Andalousia, Andalusia.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, which is located in Madrid, has a runway name 14L/32R.
A Long Long Way, which was followed by the Secret Scripture, is published by Faber and Fabers. Is l'Irlande where White people are one of the ethnic groups.
Ayam penyet e'n is l'Indonésia, y compris le Malaysian Chinese. L'Inghilterra in Indonésie, c'est degli ingredienti tels qu'asqueezed or brased fried chicken served with sambal.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2), y compris 192000.0 millimetres, has a longueur d'200,0 millimètres., A Ara Viinticionco De Mayo V-2) is l'Argentine in Argentine.
Aaron Bertram e's band associated with Suburban Legends and Ska genre is Ska.
Alison O'Donnell commence actively in 1963. 
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Marriott International. It has 23 floors, a total area of 23 km.
Akron, Ohio, is part of Summit County, U.S. in the United States where Washington D.C. are an ethnic group de Native Americans., Mae'r Akron (Ohio), a t-Instáit o l-I.D. C. I.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Dinamo Bakumi, where Levan Khomeriki is a manager. Is l'Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium.
A Severed Wasp e's language in the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. Is l'États-Unis degli Native Americans.
N. R. Pogson, a nationality of England, is in England.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, a dean is Mario Botta. L'Académie diArchitetture di Mendorisiolo, it has 600 studenti and 100 academic staff.
Alan Shepard, a New Hampshire, was born on 18 May 1923. He graduated from NWC, M.A. 1957 and died in California.
L'Université Visvesvaraya Technological University is l'université de chuid Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, where Kempe Gowda I was founder. It has its west West and Arabian Sea.
The Ariane 5 is a launch site of ELA-3 in Guiana Space Centre. L'Ariane 5 has l'ESA-3].
The A-Rosa Luna, which has a longueur de 125800.0 millimetres, is it of the Cruise Ship.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County in Oregon, where the capital is Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which has a runway length of 3084.48.
Alex Day, a member of the band Chameleon Circuit band, is associated with Charlie McDonnell. Alex Day was born in London Borough of Havering and he fought in 2006.
Arukles created Aurakles, Len Wein, is a member of Len Wein.
L'université 1 Decembrie 1918, l'Alba Iulia, in Romania, c'est la capitale de Klaus Iohannis. L'Université 1 Dicembre 1918 is a Bucharest.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road - Bangalore – 560090. L'Université Visvesvaraya Technological University is a member of Belgaum in 2000. It has 700 postgraduate students and it was affiliated with B.M. Reddy.
Aaron Bertram, a member of the Suburban Legends band Brian Robertson (trombonist), can be found in Ska punk and is associated with Kids Imagine Nation.
Alfred Moore Scales, fought in Battle of Fredericksburg, part of the American Civil War. L'Abraham Lincoln, became a commander degli Abraham Lincoln.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County in Indiana, where Americans are an ethnic group. Is a member of the U.S. A.N.A. and Native Americanes are one of its populations.
Aaron Deer, a solo singer in Indiana, originat dagli Stati Uniti, is associated with Wee Giant. He originated dall'Indie rock and he performed indie rock.
In the United States, there are ethnic groups of Native Americans., 
Albuquerque, New Mexico, where African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. It is a member of the U.S.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom., The U.S. where London is its capital.
Adam Holloway, who was born in Faversham Kent, England, is a member of Grenadier Guards., Abraham, Kent (Inghilterra), fought in Gulf War, Colin Powell and became comandante de la Grachtenger Gardes.
Buzz Aldrin, who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, operated by NASA i 1963 and is a crew member of Apollo 11. William Anders. L'arrivée degli Apollo 11 f'appartenant al Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963. Il shuttle pilot b'avrait Williams Anders.
Dáil Éireann is a part of Leinster, Dublin, Poblacht na République d'Irlande. 3Arena è l'appartenant de Live Nation Entertainment, Bailen Stáit Idirnáisiúnta., Bailen Dáil Eireann (propriétaire de live nation Entertainment) j'est i lienster in Dublin.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, which is abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. It has coden code ATSET. 
Roy D. Chapin Jr., AMC Matador was manufactured by Eagle (automobile) and is the key person of American Motors whose successor is Eagle.
Alison O'Donnell a derivative of jazz is Funk, which has its record label static Caravan Recordings.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Baku. It is made from granite and white marble. 
The Philippines is a language of Arabic., 
The Honda is a division of Acura. 
Alison O'Donnell, a member of the band Mellow Candle, performs folk music and fought in 1963.
N. R. Pogson, Nottingham, was born on December 31st 2006 and has an epoch date of 107 Camilla.
The Adare Manor was built on 1700 years., Adare Mandor is located in 1700 and operated by 1700.
Ajoblanco e's ingredient in Ajoblanco, which is from Spain. It has an ingredient of Bread.
Mae Barny Cakes was created by Mondelez International. 
Austin, Texas is part of Travis County in Texas, United States., Mae Austin n'est parti de Travi County, Illinois, U.S.
Auburn, Alabama is part of l'Alabama.
GMA New Media, which is a member of the Philippine Entertainment Portal, is in Quezon City. L'industria dei media GMA Numérique comes from World Wide Web and l'apparecchiature Philippines Entertainment portal. 
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa., South Africa's capital is Cape Town.
Mae Addis Ababa, o'n Ethiopia is l'Éthiopie where Mulatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn are leaders. L'Etiopie is part of Adis-Ababa Stadium.
Alan Bean, a bhí in Wheeler, Texas, operated by NASA. Alan Bean's mission is Apollo 12, which has its nationality of the U.S. A.N.A. and was pilote per test pilot.
103 Hera e's apoapsis of 437170000.0 km/kg. It has a mass of 7.9 kilograms, it has an escape velocity of 0.0482 km per sec., 3 Era f'espulsion de 0,0482kilometres per second; it is bénéficier d'apopsis 437160000.0 kg.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a country in Great Britain, where Joe Biden is leader. Is l'ethnic group of African Americans.
Airbus Defence and Space is a manufactured by Ariane 5., Agrane 5 was constructed by Airbus defense and space.
The 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma is the leader. Is a group ethnique de White South African.
Casey Ribicoff, who was born in Chicago, Illinois, is a spouse of Abraham A. Riblicoff., Abraham A' Ribicioff (in Chicago), has l'épouse d'Afraic A.
The AMC Matador, a type of station wagon, was assembled o Thames, New Zealand. It has an alternative name to the American MotorsMatador. Its body style is l'AMC V8 engine.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where Houston is the largest city.
Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib was succeeded by Alifat Abdul Tub Mahmud. 
250 Delaware Avenue, which has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres, was built on janvier 2014. It is 12 sqm. Architectural style de l'architecture postmoderne.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was authored by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce et al. It has 512 pages., Quelqu'un is l'Ebook of 1634 and the Ram rebellion comes from an Ebook.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, which is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas, was operated by ENAIRE. It has a runway name 18R/36L.
 Potter County, Texas is located in Texas.
Abilene, Texas y's part of Taylor County, Austin. It is in the United States where Washington D.C. capital is Washington DC., In the U.S. L.A.L.I.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road - Bangalore – 560090. L'Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University., L'Accademia de Technologie aIstituto de Technology i Bangalore (India) ha 600 postdoctors.
Mae'r Ab Klink, a member of Mark Rutte, was born in Stellendam, Netherlands. L'Appeal Chrétien Christian Democratic Appeal, is an euro airgeadra.
Abraham Abdulsalami Abubakar, a member of the Nigerian Army, was in office pendant quelqu'un de successor d'Opsegun Obasanjo. Aveva succeeded Mike Akhigbe, il 29 Meith 1999, and became Vice-Président ad Oladipo Diya.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, which died in Montevideo, Uruguay is l'Uruguayan. L'Ungheria degli Uruguayans c'est Tabaré Vázquez.
Aston Martin V8 e'r assembled in the United Kingdom and is a related means of transport. It has 5.3 litres, y compris an Aston M.RHAM/1.
Elliot See a test pilot is l'occupation of the pilot. 
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore, where Beef kway teow are found. 
Claude Bartolone, a leader de France, c'est Gérard Larcher.
Lancia Thema, Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy. Il y compris saab 9000, mae'r a carrosserie f'apparecchiature de Saab9000., Alettura 16 limousine for sarb 9000 per i sequel all'Istituzione d'Italie.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore – 560090. L'Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum, India. It was established in 2000 and operated by Dr G. P. Prabhukumar., L'Accademia de Technologie In Belgeum (Indiana), it has a member of the Accademia
L'Université Cornell, o Ithaca, New York, is foilsed by the Association of American Universities. L'université Cornelle was affiliated with l'Associazione degli American universités., Ilu Universitaire Cornelli in it Hasca, Nuy-York, Stáit Il-Yrien, Illinois.
L'aeroporto Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes. It has a runway length of 3500.0., Alfonso SuarezMadrid–Barrajas Airport, which is situated i San Sebastian de Los Reys, it has 35000.0 metres long.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Ikita. It is part of Jitta's Japan and it has a member of the ethnic groups de filippiniens en Japan. 
Pound sterling is an currency of 20 Fenchurch Street in the United Kingdom, where Boris Johnson is led by Elizabeth II.
The Ayam penyet is a hot temperature. 
Trane a subsidiario in Ireland. Trane is located in La Crosse, Wisconsin, which has 29000 employs.
Binignit is a member of Binignit which has an ingredient in sweet potato, and it's division of Flowering plant. 
Caterpillar Inc. Stuart, Illinois is a member key person of Douglas R Oberhelman and was founded in Illinois. Il's AIDAluna comes from the U.S.
Bhangra music is a fusion genre of rock music, Alan Frew's genre in Rock music. It originated from blues music and folk music.
Jack Kirby was created by Balder's comic character. 
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is a member of the Ampara Hospital in Sri Lanka.
Aleksandr Prudnikov e'n club football FC Terek Grozny, a member of FC Spartak Moscow and Rashid Rakhimov. He is géré ag FC Dynamo Moscou.
Andra, a solo singer Andra, who was born in Romania, f'aois 1986. Tá an rhythm and blues genre de Rhythm and Blues.
Anaheim, California e's leader of the United States House of Representatives. Anaheim is part of California, where Tom Tait is an Spanish language. It is a member of The U.S. Capitol.
Albennie Jones e's genre of Rhythm and blues. It is originated from Blues. 
Elliot See, a member of the University of Texas at Austin, is affiliated with the U.S. S.A. St. A.R. in Dallas, c'est l'université de Texas ta' Austin and f'euvrir le Big 12 Conference.
A Long Long Way, which was preceded by Annie Dunne, is published by Viking Press and followed by The Secret Scripture.
The ISBN number of Addiction (journal) is 6036719.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II in the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and Minotaur IV. It was launched by Vandenberg Air Force Base, which originates from the U.S.
Attica, Indiana a total area of 4.14 sq km. Attica is part of Fountain County in Indiana, United States. It has 783.1 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
The Acharya Institute of Technology was born in the All India Council for Technical Education. It was officially designed by blue, White and Orange., Braz-White andOrange is one of the academic school  colours blu, white and orange.
The AIDAstella is operated on 17 March 2013., 
Alkmaar Zaanblanco, a member of AZ Alkmaar is 17023.
Alan B Miller Hall, which was located in Virginia, United States, is a member of the Mason School of Business., L'Accademia d'Académie degli Académies Degli U.S.
The Antwerp International Airport, which is owned by Flemish region, it has an elevation above sea level of 12,0 km/h. Its runway length is 600.0.
Alberto Teisaire, who died in Buenos Aires, is a led by Diego Santilli.
Baquewell pudding, which is from Derbyshire Dales and it has a variation of Bakewell tart. Its main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and  egg.
Alvah Sabin, a defunt in Sycamore, Illinois, fought in Vermont's 3rd arrondissement di presidenza. L'université is Burlington (Vermont) e became la più grande city d'Illinois.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, a fût de 2060.0 millimetres, produced in 1958. Il y s'agissait d'une porte coupe, it has 2160.0millimetres., The Abarth 10000 GT Cabriolet, manufactured en 1958, produced on 160.000 millimètres, operated by two door coupé and its cylindre dritt-four.
James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison, Wisconsin, is a member of the University of Michigan. He died in New York, 1868 f'huirir 101 Helena.
Abel Hernández e's club in the Uruguay national football team., 
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. It is governed by Ranil Wickremesinghe and it is operated at an Ampara hôpital o'r l'Est of Sri Lanc.
In the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
Buzz Aldrin, who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, is a part of Essex County. William Anders operates Apollo 11 o NASA. Il's patrocinio degli Stati Uniti c'est Bill Anders.
Mae'r arrabbiata sauce in Italy, it is an ingredient of olive oil. 
James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison Wisconsin, Wisconsin. He died by Peritonitis., Jasper Craig (Watson) comes founder 103 Hera's nationality of Canada.
In 1931, Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka. It was architectural style of Tudor Revival architecture. 
1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was authored by Eric Flint, is a media type of E-book.
Ajoblanco, a n-agglomération d'Andalousia. Ajoblanco comes from Andalusia where it is one of the main ingredients are Bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil.
The AIDAluna is a long-class of Sphinx class Cruise Ship.
Felipe Gozon is a key person of GMA New Media. 
Adam Koc a fought in the World War I and became member of the Officer's Star Parasol. 
The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen.
Aleksandra Kovač's genre is rock music.
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3500.0 and it has a elevation above sea level -3.3528.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is a member of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, Brazil. It plays in 2015. Vila Nova Ftiye Clube.
The Delta II is launched by Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
200 Public Square e's completion date of 1985., 200. 200 Public square was completed in 1985.
Trane has a total revenue of 10264000000. Trane's net income is 556300000,000 and it has 29000 employs.
Hypermarcas, a type de S.A. (corporation) is l'industrie pharmaceutique, c'est le secteur farmaceutique, f'appartenant al CEO in 2001.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090. L'Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and its president is B.M. Reddy., L'académie de Technologie In Bangalore was established in 2000 agus f'appartenant l'Accademia de Tech Inc. J.S.R.B.
Alexandria, Indiana a total area of 6,81 square kilometres and population density is 755.3 (inhabitants per sq km).
Greenville, Wisconsin is a part of Clayton, Winnebago County in Wisconsin., Appleton International Airport operates Appleton at Greenville (in Wisconsin), y compris l'Ist Stáit Aontaithe.
Ace Wilder is a genre of hip hop music, which originated from Disco.
Arròs negre is an ingredient in Cuttlefish. 
Aleksandr Chumakov e'n club FC Torpedo Moscow, whose manager is Valery Petrakov. Il 2014-15 Russian Premier League, operates football FC Turobo  Moscou.
Ma'r Al Kharaitiyat SC is a member of Amar Osim. Alaa Abdul-Zahra e'n club in Al Khor, l'Abrab Al-Ordon Club. 
Aleksandra Kovač e'n duo k2 (Kovač Sisters duo) is a member of the genre Rhythm and blues. Aleksandra Kovac, whose musical genre is funky and Blues. It was associated with Bebe Dol.
Bananaman, which was broadcasted by STV.
The United States Air Force aerei Al Asad airbase is operated by Lockheed AC-130, Boeing C-17 Globemaster III. L'esercito degli Stati Uniti aeronautics f-16 Fighting Falcon, fl'invasion of Panama and l'Operating organisation for the U.S.
Mae Barny Cakes, a bhfuil 18.0 g in feidhme, mae Apple. A bhith an comhbhreac ar fhadhb aig 18,0 G.
The rotation period of 1097 Vicia is 95060.0., L'intervalle de 106.0 km/h, f'était 95000.0.
Anders Osborne, a member of the band Tab Benoit, is associated with Voice of Wetlands All-Stars., All-Star musician Anders Osborn was associate with vocal artist Billy Iuso and Tab Binoit.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is part of Michigan in the United States.
In Sri Lanka, i Malaysian currency is the Adisham Hall in Haputale. It's capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and it is a Tamil language.
Aleksandre Guruli s'est a member of FC Karpaty Lviv, Oleh Luzhny. Il is gníomhach with FC Mawredia, l'Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium.
Alfred Garth Jones, who was born in Manchester, England, is a member of the Labour Party (UK). Il président de Manchester.
Alan Bean, a member of UT Austin, B.S. 1955, was born in Wheeler, Texas, and is operated by NASA, Apollo 12 where David Scott occupe the test pilot.
René Goscinny was created by Asterix (comics character) which is a comic character. 
Batagor, i Batagor in Indonesia, is a variation of Siomay. L'ingrédients de Shumai are Shiitake.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. Il y fought i Kuching, Asajaya.
Aser Levy Public Baths, which was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd Street (Manhattan), is architectural style in Romanesque Revival architecture. It has an référence number 80002709., The Asser Levab Wastes Public Actes are located on 22nd Street Manhattad, and its apogée date 1980-43.
Adam Koc e's nationality in Poland. Adam Koc became fought in the Polonia-Soviet War, a lingua polaca, Leon Trotsky.
Walter Baade, who was born in Presistenzisch Oldendorf, became a doctoral student of Halton Argus. He died all'université de Göttingen. Walter baade fought i Preussenisch oldendorf and he retired al-université di Gottingen.
Alberto Teisaire, a governing body of Buenos Aires, is l'Argentine and Gabriela Michetti.
Elliot See, who graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, died in St. Louis, on 28th February 1966, was a test pilot.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, a governed by the State Senate., Albacuerque (New Mexico) is leader of the state senate.
AZAL PFK y's ground is AZAL Arena. L'Azerbaïdjan Premier League has 3500 membres, a fháil ar Qarabag FK., L'Albanie-Premier League ha 3500 Membres and l'Alárade Alárad.
Alexandria, Indiana is part of Madison County in Indiana, United States. It is the largest city of Anderson and Anderson.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in the United States, where one of its ethnic groups are Native Americans.
Aaron S Daggett fought in Battle of Mine Run.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. It's north-est de Tewada, ta'r mae Arabian Sea. Is l'université Visvesvaraya Technological University where they are an affiliated with it.
Bionico e's course of dessert. It is a variation of glace cream and it has an variation of Ice cream. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is published by J. V Jones, ISBN number 51969173 and it has a book number 00-7653-0633-6.
L'Alhambra, a longueur de 63800.0 millimetres, has an elevation of 8,3 m. L'Albam was wrecked.
The ALCO RS-3 is a four-stroke engine. 
Agusín Barboza, who was born in Paraguay, is part of Gran Asunción, gran Asuncion, Juan Afara. Is a member of the ethnic group called Mestizo., Mae Agustin Barbozza, f'appartenant à Guarancion (Gran Asunció) y apopháirt de Guantanamo.
Mae Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Mumbai, India. It's sport sports offered by the International Tennis Federation.
The Akron Summit Assault is a ground of St. Vincent-St Mary High School., Akron the Arctic Asssault was located in St.
Airey Neave a service was inaugurated in 1935. 
Mae'r footballer, Abner, a manager of Real Madrid Castilla, is Luis Miguel Ramis. Is l'agglomération de Coritiba Foot Ball Club.
107 Camilla, epoch date 31 December 2006, has an apoapsis 560937000.0 km. Il periapsis 479343000.0 km.
Aenir, l'Australie degli Australiers, preceded by Castle (novel).
(66063) 1998 RO1, which has an orbital period of 360.29 days, had an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km. It is 265.0 (kelvins) epoch on 4th July 2013, and it was a asteroid period de 36.29 days. 
Buzz Aldrin, l'astronaute Apollo 11 was operated by NASA in 1963. William Anders is a member of the NASA Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Peter Stoger is a manager of 1. FC Köln., Pietro Stogere is un manager for 1.FC Köln.
Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Joe Biden is leader. It's capital is Washington, D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Alfredo Zitarrosa e's genre of Milonga (music).
L'université 1 Decembrie 1918, o Bucharest, Romania is l'un degli ethnic group in Romania. L'orateur Klaus Iohannis (il y compris le Premier Ministre), j'ai governed by Andrew the Apôtre, c'est la capitale Bucarest.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio e'r dean Mario Botta. L'Académie dipveva 100 $, it was established in 1996 and fought in Mejrio.
Austrian German is the language of Austria., Autriche tedesco in Austria.
The California is a country in the United States.
The ALV X-1 is manufactured by the Alliance Techsystems, which has a AGM-88 HARM.
The Olympique Lyonnais is a ground of Parc Olympiques Lionnais. 
Abraham van der Laan, AFC Ajax (amateurs) is located in Amsterdam. Is a member of the leader of Amsterdam, Eberhard van DerLaan.
 Infraero is l'oibríocht of the Afonso Pena International Airport., Afraero operated by infraero, o feidhmiú degli Afraéro.
The escape velocity of 1089 Tama is 0.0068 km per seconds., It has a fuga velocità de 0,0068 kilograms per sec.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the leader of Ann Arb, whose president is Mayor.
The runway name of the Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 06/24 Kaaddaan. It has a length of 2014.0 and an elevation above sea level de -3.3528.
L'aeroporto Ardmore (New Zealand) a runway name 03R/21L. It has an length of 1412.0 metres long, o poaceae and it is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand.
The United States of America is a long name in the U.S.
New Jersey serves the capital of Trenton, New Jersey. 
10 Hygiea e'n orbital period of 5.57 days.,  10 Hygia ed it has a orbitel period de 5,57 jours.
Agnes Kant, a parti socialiste (náisiúnta) in the Netherlands, is led by Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer.
The rocket Antares, a launch site in the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, is associated with Minotaur IV. It was comparable to Delta II at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. L'arrivée it has l'orrivée de delta II o feidhmchlár orbital UTC 0, y compris minutur IV.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi. 
Anaheim, California is a member of the United States House of Representatives. It is part of Orange County in California, where Anaheim is led by the U.S.
Pietro Grasso e'r leader in Italy, A.C. Lumezzane is l'approvvigionamento degli Stati Uniti.
L'Arctech Helsinki Shipyard Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland, it is 99.83 long. L'Arctique Helsinki Boatyard (Azerbaidjan).
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 membres.
A.C. Cesena e's league of Serie B, where Carpi FC 1909 is champions. 
Mae'r AIDAstella, l'entreprise dei Carnival Corporation & plc, it is operated by Meyer Werft. L'azienda ta's Costa Crociere n'est pasteurizzata in Genoa, Gênes. Is gníomhachtaithe per carnivalcorporation & pplc. Il'y compris measc shuntevole Maya Cruises.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase, which was operated by the US Air force. L'Operating Enduring Freedom is l'oibríocht degli Stati Uniti.
Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil and a main ingredients are Tomatoe, rouge chili., Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Arrabbiata which is primarily known as tomates, maigre, sarjilli, granch, oliv ola.
Hypermarcas, l'industrie degli produits pharmaceutiques, f'appartenant a Biopharmaceu. L'imprenditoria c'est le Brésil, b'é la densità demografica 23.8 km/h.
L'Alhambra, which is owned by P&O company, was built by Samuda Brothers. It has 63800.0 millimetres long.
Massimo Drago e's club in S.S. Chieti Calcio., Ma Massimi Drago is a member of S.
Ask Alkmaar has 17023.
In Belgaum, l'Université Visvesvaraya Technological University is affiliated with the Vives Varaya Technology University. It was given the TechnicalCampus status by All India Council for Tecnico Education in Mumbai., The Acharya Institute of Technology has été assegnato le teicnol campus de New Zealand College per Feidhmiú Tecnologico In Mumbai, Belgeum.
The Atlantic City International Airport, which has a runway name 4/22, is 1873.0 and operated by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. It has an elevation above sea level of 23.3 km/h. Il IATA identifier l'icao Lieutenant KACY., L'Antare International Antar Etlantique (Atlantic City), y ha i length de 22.7 km/1, it has the 
Appleton International Airport serves Appleton, Wisconsin, part of Grand Chute., Auroport international appleton is operated by Appletone in Wisconsin (part of Gran Chutes), Wisconsin.
Bronze is a material of Atatürk Monument (Izmir) which has bronze.
Mae Baked Alaska, in France, U.S.O. ou China, is an ingredient of Christmas pudding. 
A Wizard of Mars, a mediaType de hardcover, was published by Diane Duane. It has 318875313 ISBN number: 978-20-15-204700-2., The editor of A wizard of Marte's book is 318900313ISBN number (978-1-15-204075-2).
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Amstardam, Denmark. It was established in 1928; it has 16 000 studenti e 737 a staff acadúil de 737.
Izmir, Turkey is a member of the Atatürk Monument (Istanbul) which was inaugurated on 27th July 1932., Il  Ataturk monument (İzmir) operated by l'inauguration on 23rd October 1932 in Turchia.
Aser Levy Public Baths are added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd March 1980. It has a référence number 80002709 and it is ajouté à l'Annuario degli Affari Territoriali on 22nd April 1980.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr., who was born on September 9th 1995, is a member of Florida Panthers.
Alan Frew e'r genre rock music. Rock music is originated from country music and folk music.
AZAL PFK, which was located in Azerbaïdjan, is a member of the Azerbaijan Premier League. Il battaglione AZAL f'appartenant à Qarabag FK, il bhaile de l'Alárade. L'Albanie n'est pas loin d'Ezal Arena.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Joe Biden and White Americans are an ethnic group.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Bakumi., Emilier guruli, a member of FC Dynamo Barumi, is l'istituto f'Ispartati Laviv. , Inaugurated by FC Kazanty Liviv, FC Granito Batami.
Bionico e'n bionico in Guadalajara, Mexico. Bionico is a granola, Shreddar Coconut and Raisins. Is l'ingredient dei bopped Fruits, Sour cream, Condensed Milk, Granola et shred coconut, Raisin.
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is Helipad.
The AmeriGas is a member of the energy industry., AmeriGas, whose capital is King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, produces Energy industry.
Alvah Sabin e's party of Whig Party (United States).
The Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and it has a runway name 12R/30L. It has an elevation of 2989.0 km above sea level in Metres 211, l'arrivée d'Asbaggat Inc. Aasbag ta'r feidhmiú per  Turkmén Airlines. Il length de la rampa n'13R/31L.
Allen Forrest e'n solo singer, a genre pop-pop., Lenforrest plays pop music and can be found in sol-singer.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made from granite and white marble., A Baku Turchia Turquia Martyirs are made of granites rouge and White  Granite.
Trane, which was founded on 1st janvier 1913, Wisconsin, has 29000 employs. Trane's revenue is 10264000000 and operated by hVAC., Thane fought in La Crosse ( Wisconsin), ha 875400000 occupants per l'exercice de 13th January 1913.
Lockheed Martin, l'Atlas II was launched by the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. L' Atlas II is manufactured by LockheedMartin.
Duncan Rouleau, Steven T. Seagle is a member of Baymax's first apparition in film Big Hero 6 (film).
In Belgio is a German language., 
Il'Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. L'Administration Civil Aviation Authority pakistanese Shehbaz Sharif and Lahore operates l'Autorité civile d'Aviation (Pakistan).
Auburn, Washington is a part of King County in Washington, Stáit Uniti., Mae Auburn est l'Institiúid de Queen County, Saint-Saskatchewan, U.S.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where Austin Fernando is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe and has 476 lits.
A Severed Wasp, a member of the Library of Congress Classification (PS523.E55 S4 1982), has an ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
Atlanta is a country in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, who was led by Daniel Martínez (politician), died in Montevideo.
Alan B. Miller Hall, which is located in Virginia, United States, was architected by Robert A. M Stern. Is a member of the Mason School of Business degli Stati Uniti.
Alan Martin, who was born on 1st January 1989, is a member of Crewe Alexandra F.C. and plays for Aldershot Town FC.
 Vica is the manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense. 
A Long Long Way, followed by The Secret Scripture., The English language is written in Great Britain and it followd by the SecretScripture.
Alan B Miller Hall, which has the current Tenants of Mason School of Business.
Akeem Adams is a member of Ferencvarosi TC, Thomas Doll., Thomas Doll's club are Ferencvárosi CT and Thomas doll.
The Antares rocket, which was launched on the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It has a maidenFlights on 09/01/19 2014.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for PAS Tehran F.C.
Adam Koc, a nationalita' Poland, is an ethnic group of Kashubians., Mae Adam Koc (in Polonia) was born in Poland and its language is polannach.
L'Arctech Helsinki Shipyard Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland. L'Arctique Helsinki Boatyard is 21.2 km/h, l'Azerbaidjan operated in Finnaia.
Aenir has a ISBN number 45644811].
Ajo Blanco, which has an alternative name of Ajoblanco., 
The Barny Cakes contains 1.8 g protein., Bantaly desserts has 1.8 G protein.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., which has Douglas ROberhelmans., The key persona of the company are Doug R Unterhelmnan and DouglasR Oberwarfan.
Lentivirus is a razza of HIV., Iltillivirus has l'espèce de Lentivirus.
Ícolo e Bengo, in Angola, is l'aerfort בינלאומי all'Angola.
Alex Plante, who was born in Canada, is a member of the ethnic group of Black Canadians. Is l'anonymat du Canada en O Canada and Elizabeth II leader.
Associazione of Public and Land-grant Universities, Cornell University is a publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly., Université Cornelle's affiliated with Association of public and land-awards universites.
Albert Jennings Fountain, a member of the New Mexico Territory, fought in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President.
Ajoblanco, a main ingredients are Bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil.
3Arena, which was designed by HOK SVE, is located in Dublin, Dublin. It has a completion date of December 2008.
Buzz Aldrin, a bhí in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, and fought by NASA's 1963. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez e'r club A.D. Isidro Metapan. 
A.S. Livorno Calcio is manager of Christian Panucci, who plays for the Italian national football team.
The AIDAstella, a length of 253260.0 millimetres, was christened on 16 March 2013, and it has an height of 25360.0millimetres.
Alhambra e'n maiden voyage on 7th July 1850. 
The Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin. It has a length of 2439.0 metres above sea level and its runway name was 3/21.
Aaron S. Daggett, who was born in Maine, is a member of the American Civil War and died in West Roxbury. He fought in New York Party and became Purple Heart.
Mae batchoy is in the Philippines, where Chinese Filipinos are an ethnic group. 
Alan Bean e'n commandant Apollo 12 is David Scott. Alan Bean, a crew member of NASA, operated Apollo 12. L'Apollo 12 was backup pilot Alfred Worden., Allan Bean f'espèces Apollo 12, l'Administrateur Apollo12 (David Scott), g'aspêre Apple 12 j'était commanded by NASA.
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0., 
The Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level., Adirondack regional Airport, which has 507 elevations in an elevation of sae level.
Bew kway teow, oyster sauce, gula Melaka, scimmi, sesamo oil in Singapore ed Indonesia. It's main ingredients are Kway Teow and beef tender loin, gradual sarancia, garlic, dark soy salsa, lignkuas, odeoil soja, chili agus sesame oil. 
Hypermarcas, which is located in Brazil, has drugs.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, a total name of Agremiacao Sicchiaraque, has 17000 membres. It's full name is Amegiação Siquiara Quejaqueense.
Alfons Gorbach, a fought in Imst, it was led by Doris Bures and died in Austria.
Tom Lyle, created Blockbuster (comics Caracter) is Roger Stern. Il's alternative name was Roland Desmond.
101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days. 
Attica, Indiana e's part of Indiana, in the U.S. USA., The Attica and Indiana (in Indiana) is part from Indiana.
Caterpillar Inc. n'est fondata in Peoria Illinois, Illinois. Il AIDAluna is a power type of CaterpillarInc.
GMA New Media e's genre of media company. 
Albert B. White, a breithiúnas is William M. O Dawson, who was born in Bloomington (Maryland) i Marietta, U.S. Agnes Ward White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He fought in Berryburg, Virginie-U.R.I.
The Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University., L'Institiúal de Technologie a governed by Dr G. P. Prabdnikovar, operated in 2000. L'Università De technologie y ha affiliato all'Indiana.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, y compris negli Stati Uniti, is a group ethnique degli Native Americans in the United States. Barack Obama e became leader of the U.S.
Elliot See, who was born in Dallas on 28th July 1966, fought in Texas at Austin. He graduated from the University of Texas to Austin and died in St Louis. It is a disfunted by St. Louis.
Albennie Jones, a member of Errata in Mississippi, was born and is solo singer.
L'arrabbiata sauce in Rome, Italy is a granturg. Is l'ingrédients degli arrabbiati which originated from the region of Rome. 
Alan B. Miller Hall, which was located in Virginia, is owned by the College of William & Mary and Robert Gates.
