Alfredo Zitarrosa e's genre of Milonga (music).
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Township, Madison County in Indiana, United States. Anderson (in Indiana) is Partie d'Astáit Uniti.
The 1955 Dodge, a moteur de 5-speed automatique, it has 120.0 cm. L'y compris 130.0 pouces per l'iompar chauffeur d'enfance in 1955 and fought V8.
John Madin, a governed by John Clancy (Labour politician) in Birmingham, is l'architecte de 103 Colmore Row. He originated from Birmingham.
The Ariane 5 is a launch site of ELA-3 in Guiana Space Centre, where Kourou (France) is the headquarters of Kouru, France. L'Ariane 5 has l'ESA-3.
Julia Morgan, a governed by Los Angeles Herald-Examiner, was born in San Francisco. Julia Morgan is an architecte of the Asilomar Conference Grounds. It's building significant which comes from El Salvador State Beach.
250 Delaware Avenue, which has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres, was located in Buffalo, New York. It is 110 million de dollars.
Arrabbiata sauce is in Italy, o Roma. L'arancia salsa arrabbiata e'r l'Istituzione de Rome. 
The Alhambra a launched on 31 Meith 1855. It is 8.3 m long and it was inaugurated on 23 May 2005.
Poaceae, l'arrivée Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is a 2nd runway surface type de Poaceae. It has an order of Poales.
 Nikos Voutsis is a leader of Grecia. 
Andrew Rayel, whose genre is Trance music, was associated with Bobina and Christian Burns. It has its stylistic origins in pop music.
Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in Illinois, is a key person of Douglas R Oberhelman. It has l'IATA Cruises operated by AIDAluna.
109 Felicitas has periapsis 286036000000.0.
Anders Osborne, a Galactic band is associated with Rock music and Tab Benoit. Ern's genre de rock musician Anders Osborn (y compris Billy Iuso) agus Tab Binoit).
Lancia Spartak, Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy. It has a saab 9000 mae'r transport and it was operated by Lancia Werma.
Aaron Deer, a solo singer, is l'Indiana. He originated in Indiana and originates from Wee Giant.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Kuching, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Adenan Satem, became successor de Abhjan Satim, f'appartenant al Parti pesaka Bunimiputera Bablanco.
Lockheed C-130 Hercules, l'United States Air Force is operated by Al Asad airbase. L'Invasion of Grenada and Lockheed AC-130, f'est in the Korean War, fl'invasion de Grenade.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, it is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. It has an n number of 1589-2613., LCCN uimhir 86036315 and the LCCN numero 8407515.
The epoch date of 1089 Tama is 26th November 2005, ed it has an orbital period de 12021.69 days. Its apoapsis is 37313000.0 km/s., A919 HA; 1927WB; f'l'illuvion period d'fheicissement 0.0068 km per sec.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, where Aigbeben Patel is the leader. Is a led by Atiyeben Padtel and Amdavad Ni GUFA is situated Ahmedabad.
Lum e's order of Rosids. 
Andrew Rayel, Jonathan Mendelsohn, was a member of the band Mark Sixma., Mae'r Andrew Rayl, whose band is associated with Mark sixma, and he performed by Nikolajsohn.
Chinabank, a chiffre d'affaires publics, was founded on August 16th 1920. It has 15100000000 and 295 emplacements in Manila. Chinabank is operated by the Public company.
101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days. 
Alfred Garth Jones, who was born in Manchester, is a nationality of the United Kingdom and died o London., Abraham Gart Jones (in Manchester) comes from London.
The Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, it has architectural style of Tudor and Jacabin. It was inaugurated in 1927, at St. Benedict's Monastery, Adjisham, Haputhale, Singapore.
The ALCO RS-3 is a four-stroke engine. 
Anders Osborne, a member of the band Rhythm and blues, is Billy Iuso. He fought in 1989 with Voice of Wetlands All-Stars.
103 Hera e's apoapsis of 437170000.0 km/km. It has an escape velocity of 0.0482 km per second, a temperature of 170.0 Kelvins., 10 Era ha l'aspsis de 437180000.0 kg/m. it is in fuga Velocity 00,0482kilometres per sec, f'espolosa totale 17.0.0kelvins.
Adam Koc, who fought in the World War I, was a member of the Officer's Star Parasol.
Albany, Georgia is a member of the Mayor.
Albany, Georgia e's part of the U.S. in Stáit Aontaithe, l'Associazione ethnique degli Afro-Américains, is a member of Americans.
Mae's ethnic group is Malaysian India, where the capital is Kuala Lumpur. L'Asam pedas originates from Malae-Peninsula. Il'y compris an monnaie ethnique in Malaysia, c'est l'Indonésien Indiens.
Inuktitut is the language of Canada., It is a food from Canada, which is inuktilut.
The ALCO RS-3 is 17068.8 millimetres, a cylindre de 12 km/m. L'abbrication in May 1950 - August 1956 and it was built by American Locomotive Company.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, l'imprenditore de Gruppo Bertone in Torino, Italy., 
Anderson, Indiana is part of the Union Township, Madison County in Indiana, U.S. A.D.
A.S. Roma e's home ground in Rome, Italy.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States. It is part of Manhattan.
The epoch of 1099 Figneria, a periapsis de 349206000000.0, has 2.7 kgm mass and an orbital period 179942000.0.
Andrew Rayel e'n musician Christian Burns, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano. Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi. He is a member of the band musical Armin Van Buuren (Bobbyna) agus Joseph Mendelsohn, Gjiwan, Aleksej Pavlujan,Jano, Albany Berg
Alfons Gorbach, a bhí in office pendant qu'Adolf Schärf, was born in Austria.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County in Oregon, where the capital city is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
In India, l'Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Bangalore. Its motto is The Nurturינג Excellence.
Antonis Samaras, who was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis.,  Antonis Samares e'n successor de Nikolas mitsSpartakis.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 March 1987. It is located in Pacific Grove, California. 
GMA New Media a type of media company. 
L'Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is a member of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C in Brasil, Brazil. Il torneo  brasilien confederata J-C en 2015. Vila Nova Floating Clube are champions.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road - Bangalore – 560090., L'Acharya Institute of Technology was directored by Dr G. P. Prabhukumar and is a member of the Dr.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has an area total of 74.33 square kilometres. A population density of 1580.7 (inhabitants per sq km).
Binignit y compris le Philippines, is l'ingredient de Binignit f'un grantur mae. L'enfraid c'est ta' banana.
In Japan, i brasiliens is a member of the ethnic group in Japan. 
Aston Martin V8, a fabricante degli Aston-Martin Virage, was assembled in the United Kingdom, Elizabeth II. L'Elisabeth II is l'appartenant d'Alban III.
N. R. Pogson, Nottingham, was discovered on March 1st 2001, 107 Camilla.
The Ayam penyet serves the temperature hot.
Lor Lars Løkke Rasmussen is a leader of the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, which was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff. Is l'agglomération de la European University Association.
David Cameron is a leader in the United Kingdom, whose capital is London, Elizabeth II.
Adam Holloway, who was born in Faversham Kent, England, is a member of Grenadier Guards., Abraham, Kent (Inghilterra), Adam Ilday fought in Gulf War and Colin Powell became an commander degli Grachteniers Gardes.
A Severed Wasp, which has an ISBN number 8804107, is 8806036. It's editor of the Congress Classification (PS23.9.E55 S4 1982) and its media type print.
Aarhus is a leader of Jacob Bundsgaard., Mae's leaders of Aarhus (Jaïj Bundgaard).
The Arabic language is the Philippines.
Aaron Bertram, a member of the Suburban Legends band, is associated with Kids Imagine Nation., Abraham Berram was associate with suburban Clan Fighters and plays for Kids' Imagin Nation.
11 Diagonal Street e's completion date of 1983.
In Italy, l'Italie n'emmonym is Italians. 
AFC Ajax N.V. is a member of 53502.
The runway length of Athens International Airport is 3800.0. It has a longueur de 3900.0 km.
Banda rap is a derivative of Drum and bass. Hip hop music genre, Abradab can be found in Gangsta rap.
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. He died in California on 21st July 1998., An f'Albany and M.A. 1957 are an Alma mater de NWC, A.M.E. 1956. Alan Shepart has began his birth on 31nd January 1923.
Audi e-tron, a subsidiary de Ducati. Audi was constructed by August Horch and produced Audi A1.
Bacon sandwich, bacon sarnie, rasher Sandwich, Bacon garn, pee'n baco, bocon cob, bucon barm, macon muffin. It is l'ingrédient bbacon in the Regno Unit. 
Abel Caballero, who was born in Ponteareas, Spain, is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party., Mae Abel Carallero (born en Ponte Area), operated by Minister of Transport.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak., Abraham Taboud fought in Mulani, Malaisie, sarawak.
Adam Koc, who fought in the World War I, was a member of Virtuti Militari., Abraham Koc became all'Inghilterra Générali.
Aaron Turner e's genre of Avant-garde metal.
Akita Museum of Art which is located in Akita, Awitta, Japan. It is situated in Ikita Territory., 
Adam Koc a bhaint as Cross of Valour (Polainn).
The Antares (rocket) a launch site of the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with Minotaur IV. Is comparable to Delta II, which originates from the U.S. A.K.A. and it was launched by the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Andrew Rayel, a Jwaydan Moyine, is associated with Armin van Buuren. He performs house music and plays House music.
Alberto Teisaire, who died in Buenos Aires, is led by Diego Santilli.
Aerfort Andrews County Airport which is located in Texas, Austin, Texas. It has the capital city of Austin and Austin.
Allen Forrest, a solo singer, was born in Fort Campbell, KY, eleved in Dothan, AL. He can be found in the genre of acoustic music and is performed as well as soliste., Ander forrest's musical genre is cous-music.
Lum e'n density of Bandeja paisa, which is a dessert of Lemon. Ilm s'agit d'un gnome di Cirus. 
The Audi A1 is a constructeur of Audi, which was manufactured by Audi. It's related mean of transport in SEAT Ibiza.
The apoapsis of 259776702.44075 km/km., (410777) 2009 FD, which has an apoapsis of 269776602.46036 km (kilometres).
Agnes Kant, a parti de la Partie socialiste in the Netherlands, is l'endroit o Mark Rutte. Agnes Kant occupe le House of Representatives (Pays-Bas) et Emile Roemer.
The South Jersey Transportation Authority is a leader of Stephen Dilts., Sviluppatore de l'Autorité per iompar sud-jeu's north-jau.
Abel Caballero, who was born in Spain, is in office while Juan Carlos I de Spáinn, Francisco Franco. Aveva predecessore felipe González, Felipe Gonzalez.
B.M. Reddy is a member of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India. It was president by B.m.reddy and led by b.p.r.
L'université 1 Decembrie 1918, o Bucharest, Romania is a chiffred cittadini tedeschi, Klaus Iohannis. Is l'un decreto 1918 université f'Albanie in Romania.
Mauricio Macri, l'Ara Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) in Argentina. L'Argentine is a capitale of Buenos Aires. Il y compris MauricioMacri; il n-al-del-Il-il-L-Al-Ir-Uir-R-N-J-B).
A Long Long Way, which was preceded by Annie Dunne, in Ireland, is a member of the White people. Faber and Fabers are an publisher of The Secret Scripture. 
Airey Neave, a member of the World War II, was born in Knightsbridge and fought on 30 Meitheamh 1953. He became active on 31 December 1979.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaïdjan., Azerbaidjan's leader is Arthur Raswys.
Binignit s'y compris le Visayas, it is a dessert of Binignit. L'ingredient c'est delizieux ta' binignit, l'idéal f'binignit d'Aghaidh Vijaes. Il tèid bninignit (bininignit) n'appartient pas sa propre potato.
A.C. Cesena e's club in Serie B and has 23900 membres.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom.,  20 FenChurch Street, which is operated by the U.K.
Massimo Drago, a member of A.C. Cesena, is gníomhaire degli S.S.D. Potenza Calcio, in calcio Catania.
J. P. McManus, Adare Manor a bhaint as feidhmiú il 1862; James Pain is l'architecte J.P. MacManu.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, where the capital is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. A.K.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka. Its bed count is 476 litres.
The Adare Manor was built on 1700 years., Adare Mandor is located in 1700 and has a construction of 1700.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which has a runway name 4/22. It has an length of 1873.0 metres above sea level. L'aco location identifier (KACY) is KACY.
Gangsta rap is a subgenre of hip hop music. 
David Scott, l'Apollo 12 was operated by NASA and David Scott is a commander in Apollo 12.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi. 
Joe Biden is a leader of the United States., Jo Beiden, l'U.S.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. It has the latin name of Universitas Apulensis and Andrew The Apostolle., And Andrew the apostoly are a patron saint en Romania.
Ajoblanco, a n-ainm degli Ajoblanco in Andalusia, is l'Albanie. Il complément d'Almonds, garlic, water, olive oil (il y compris Ajowys).
Anders Osborne, whose record label is Shanachie Records, was signed to Shanai Records.
Alvah Sabin, a member of the Whig Party (United States) is part of Burlington, Vermont. He died in Sycamore, Illinois.
FC Tom Tomsk is a member of the Russian Football National League. 
Auburn, Washington is part of King County in Washington, Stáit Uniti. Auburn s'est propriétaire d'Olympia, Wrestling United States., Saskatwan (United States), Awburn f'appartenant a Olympia, wrestling Atlanta.
L'Asser Levy Public Baths was located in 23rd Street (Manhattan), 1904. It is a construction of 1904.
A Severed Wasp is a country in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans., In Great Britain, un groupe ethnique degli Stati Uniti per l'enfance f'Americans Asiatiques.
In Belgio is a German language. 
Albert Jennings Fountain, a member of the New Mexico Territory, was in office while Edmund J. Davis attende Edmond J Davis.
Asam pedas is a member of Sumatra in Malaysia, where Minukkabau people are an ethnic group.
The Aston Martin V8, which was succeeded by the Awst Martin Virage. It is related mean of transport o an Alt Martin RHAM/1 and it has a successor as alt M.RHAM/1.
Andra, a solo singer, performs pop music. Andra's background is sol-singer.
The orbital period of 1097 Vicia, a periapsis is 279142000000.0. It has an epoch date 31st December 2006, ma'd 9.8 km/kg; it had an orbitel period 135589000.0 in 2006.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County in Indiana, United States, where 16.55 square kilometres are an area total.
Georgia (U.S.) is a country in the United States.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a media type of hardcover, which has an ISBN number 1-439-92550-9., L'Alcatraz Versu the Lawyers are published by Hardcover and its ISBN Number 03-59-92540-9.
Avocado contains an Avocado genre of Persea. 
101 Helena has an mass of 3,0 km/kg.,  101 Helen's mass is 3.0 kilograms.
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and fought in 2014-15 Topklass.
Bacon Explosion is a main course. It's ingredient in bacon explosion was Bacon, which is part of the Main course.
Aaron Turner a genre post-metal, fought in 1995. He is associated with Lotus Eaters (band Twilight) agus he performed post metal.
Albert Jennings Fountain, who was born in New York, Staten Island. He died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico, Stáit Uniti., Austin Grachten fountain is part of the U.S. A.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, which was produced in 1958., 
1/19 is a runway name of 1/19.
Roy D. Chapin Jr., AMC Matador is manufactured by Eagle (automobile), a member key person of the American Motors whose successor is Eagle.
The AIDAstella, a length of 253260.0 millimetres, was christened on the 16th March 2013., L'Aidastella ha longueur de 25600 millimètres, and it had its christening date on 16nd March 2013.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California, California. 
The AZAL Arena is located in Shuvalan. It has a ground for the ASALA Arena., L'AZAL PFK, which was operated by Shuvalian, is home to the ACAla Arena.
A Long Long Way, which was followed by the Secret Scripture, is a food found in Ireland. L'Irlande comes from Europe and it has an ethnic group of White people.
Batagor is a peanut sauce in Indonesia. Batagor comes from Indonesia, where siomay is an ingredient of beef dumpling fried fish with tofu and vegetables in pudding.
Akeem Ayers, a former team of St. Louis Rams, was drafted on 2 and it has 39 feidhmes. 
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a successor was Anthony J. Celebrezze.
Mae's language is Kashubian, Poland.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is a manager of Peñarol. 
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages, a number of 0-439-92550-9., Alcatraz Versu the Labyrinth Its edited by 39-92540-9.
AZAL PFK e's ground in AZAL Arena. L'Azerbaïdjan Premier League is champions de Qarabag FK, l'Alárade.
Andrew Rayel e'r a member of Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns, whose musical genre is House music. Andrew Rayl y fought in house music.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a class of Executive car. 
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr. played for Florida Panthers.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Bakumi., Emilier guruli is a member of FC Dynamo Barumi.
Austin, Texas is in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
103 Colmore Row which is located in Colmor Row.
(410777) 2009 FD FD which has an apoapsis of 259776702.44075 km, is 211.0 Kelvins., The apoapsis of (2560367 2009. FD f'y a minimum temperature of 221.0kelvins.
The Aston Martin V8 was assembled by Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom. It has 5.3 litres and a related means of transport to the Adman Martin RHAM/1.
The ISBN number of Addiction (journal) is 6036719.
The Alvis Speed 25 which was manufactured by alvis Car and Engineering Company, who was founded in Coventry. Its successor is Rover Company. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico, in the United States where Barack Obama is a leader. Is l'espèce ethnique degli Native Americans nei Stáit Uniti. L'Abraham Obama ha bénéficié dagli U.S.
The media type of higher the Veil is Hardcover., 
Asa Gigante, Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is a champion in Vila Nova Ftiye Clube., The Campeonato Brasileiro Série C c'est l'Argentine, bénéficie d'un club de competition de Copa Brasilia C. Il dominio  brasiliano Brésil, f'une of the champions du Pallanova FSpartake.
L'enfance Mondelez International, y compris la France, c'est en France. L'on fête de Gérard Larcher is l'élémentaire du mondelez international in Chicago.
L'Italie, where A.S. Gubbio 1910 is led by Pietro Grasso, c'est la capitale di Roma. Is l'Istituzione Italiana in Rome.
B postcode area is Birmingham which has an postal code in Birmingham. 
The AIDAluna is operated on 22nd March 2009.
Bioso is l'ingrédient de vermicelli. 
Alberto Teisaire, a lingua spagnola, became in Buenos Aires. He governed by Horacio Rodríguez Larreta and is part of the Legislature de la Città di Buis Aires; l'Argentine fought in Argentine.
 Juan Peron e's party of Labour Party in Argentina., Jen Perón is a member of Lavoro Party (Argentine).
A Severed Wasp contains 374-26131-8 and has 388 pages. It has 38 pages, it has an ISBN number 0-374-261-8-8.
Elliot See, a member of the University of Texas at Austin, was born on 23 July 1927, Dallas. He died on 28 February 1966, St. Louis.
Alfred Moore Scales a fought in Battle of Chancellorsville. 
Elliot See, who was born in Dallas on 23 July 1927, is a member of the University of Texas at Austin. He graduated from St Louis and died in St-Louis.
The temperature of 1036 Ganymed is 160.0 Kelvins., 160.0 Kervins, it's temperature has 160,0kelvins.
Mae'r Baked Alaska is in China, where Standard Chinese is the language.
Aaron Turner, a genre of Drone music, is associated with Twilight band and Greymachine., Abraham Turner was affiliated with Blackmachine as their drone music.
Bionico e'n bionico in Mexico, y compris la lingua spagnola. L'Enrique Peña Nieto is a leader of Mexico. Bionico comes from the Spanish language.
Alan Frew e's band associated with Glass Tiger. 
Mae'r AIDAstella, a proprietaire de Carnival Corporation & plc, operated by Meyer Werft, is owned by Costa Crociere in Genoa. L'imprenditore carnival Cruises and l'Inauguration of the Inaugurating Company Coarnival Inc., it was affiliated with Costa crociere., Aiastella n'est úiner d'Opérac Club & Sviluppatore Chiarnival
Akeem Priestley, who was born in Jamaica, is Patrick Allen (politician) and Elizabeth II.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Joe Biden and White Americans are an ethnic group.
L'AIDAstella, a proprietary de Costa Crociere, is operated by AIDA Cruises in Germany. L'Administrateur d'Adastella n'est propriétaire de costa crociere. 
Cleveland, Cleveland is part of Cuyahoga County in Ohio. It governed by the Council citta'r New York.
Antioch, California's 11th State Assembly District is the leader of l'11th state Assembly district.
Atlantic City International Airport, which has a runway name 4/22, is 308.0 km. It was operated by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey; it has an elevation above sea level de 23,5 km.
GMA New Media, which is located in Quezon City, Philippines. Is l'industrie dei mass media y compris Mass Media.
The A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 membres.
Austin, Texas a total area of 686.0 sq km. It has 703.95 sqkm., The Austin is located in 686.5 square kilometres and it had 704.95 sq Km.
Akeem Priestley, who was born in Jamaica, Patrick Allen, is a politician.
The Republic of Ireland is a member of the language English.
Aaron Turner e's genre of black metal., Alan Turner is a member of Black Metal.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr. a member of Florida Panthers, who was born on September 9th 1995 in 1995.
Abel Hernández e'n club degli U.S. Citta di Palermo, o Peñarol.
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, operated by NASA, is a member of Apollo 14 which fought as pilot test., Abraham Hepard became part of the NASA and began his trip to Apollo 14.
Elliot See, a member of the University of Texas at Austin, is affiliated with the U.S. S.A. A.I.C. in Dallas, f'euvrir i Big 12 Conferenza., L'u.O.R.E.N.K.P.s.p.r.m.n.l.M.J.Y.F.w.
Mae'r AIDAstella, a longueur de 253260.0 millimetres, was built by Meyer Werft, and it is operated by Costa Crociere.
Joseph Klaus e's Alma mater de l'Université di Vienna.,  Josef Klaus, whose alma mater is University of Vienna.
Hypermarcas, which is located in São Paulo, has 10252 employs. Is a revenue de 1800000000.
Anders Osborne, a genre rock musician, is the record label Alligator Records. Il disco label Ery Records and Awke Records can be found in Rock music.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois., Catagóir Inc.
Abilene, Texas is part of Texas. L'aerfort الإقليمي degli Abilenes renforced l'arrivée municipale d'Adéne in Texas.
 Agnes Kant, who graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen, operated by House of Representatives (Pays-Bas), was born in Hessisch Oldendorf. L'Agnes Kant is a senate de la Maison des Représentants (Netherlands).
Alex Tyus, who was born on 8th January 1988, is a member of Pallacanestro Cantù., Austin Tyu, fought on 08 h '1988, and plays for Pallaconestro cantù.
1. FC Magdeburg e's season of 2014., 1 FC Magdaeburg, f'es an stagione 2014.
James Craig Watson, whose state of origins is Canada, was discovered by 103 Hera., Jasper Craig (who died in Canada) comes founder 103 Era.
 107 Camilla e's discoverer N.R. Pogson., 107 CamillA, who was discovered by N.
Buzz Aldrin, who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, has a 52.0 minutes in space. He fought Apollo 11.
Antonis Samaras, a vice-Ministre Konstantinos Mitsotakis, was in office while Antonis Samares is Prime Minister.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Sergio Mattarella is the leader. Is l'indirizzo degli Italians.
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the community of Madrid., The Paracuoles deJarama, a member of La Comunità di Madrid.
Marv Wolfman a fought in Eagle Award (comics).
Arròs negre is in Spain, where Squid is an ingredient. 
Elliot See, a defunted by St. Louis, was born in Dallas on 28th July 1966. He e'n maîtrise of the University of Texas at Austin and died in San Louis.
 Patrick McLoughlin is a leader of Derbyshire Dales. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka is located in the Arabian Sea. It's west is east of ARAN Sea, India.
110 Lydia contains periapsis 377016000000.0.,  110 Lidia includes peripopsis 377026000000,0.
Arròs negre is a member of the Valencian Community, where Ximo Puig and Felipe VI in Spain. Is l'enigma degli Spanjaards., Róis wys wyn is part of la Valenciana communautà ta' Spáinn.
Atiko Abubakar, a became in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice-Président, Oladipo Diya., Ma bénéficier d'Atik Awdadi AbdulsalamiAbubakar (in office) pendant quelqu'un de ses predecessors, Mickey Akhtiye, Adam Akhblanco, Jr. J.E.J.Y.L.R.N.O.K.S.M.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, where the capital city is Salem. Is a member of the U.S. African Americans are an ethnic group.
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which has an elevation above sea level of 3.3528 and its oibríocht is l'Autricheschew group., L'Amsterdam Airport Sciphol (il y compris il -3.3084 km/h), j'en occupe degli oifigistics gníomhachtaithe i Gruppo schiphol.
GMA New Media is a food found in World Wide Web., 
Chinabank, which was founded in Insular Government of the Philippine Islands, is operated by a Public company.,  Chinabank comes from subsidiary governing the insular government of Philippines.
Bhangra music is a fusion genre of rock music, Alan Frew's genre. Rock music originates from blues and folk music.
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of the New Democracy (Greece) is in office while Antonis Samaras was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis. It has an blue colour and its successor is Nikolas mitsdnikov.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé e's manufactured by Gruppo Bertone. It is a constructeur of Abarth, which has l'agglomération Belga.
The Administrative Science Quarterly was founded by Sara Miller McCune. It has an abbreviation to Admin. Sci. Q. and is published by SAGE Publications.
The epoch of 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006, a periapsis de 2791430000. It has an apoapsis de 410792000.0 km. 
A.S. Roma e's season of 2014-15 Serie A in 2014.
Andrews County Airport serves Andrews, Texas., Anderson County airport is served by Andrew's Township.
Dan Mishkin e'n comic character Bolt, which was created by Ernie Colon. He is a new name of Larry Bolatinsky. 
Baked Alaska is a food found in Paris, New York ou Hong Kong. L'ingredient f'Ice cream (meringue, ice cream), spongecake or Christmas pudding., Blair Alabama is an ingredient of Ice cream and its main ingredients are glace.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It's west of Franklin County (Maryland), Frederick County de Maryland., L'11th Incendiary Monument was a Jefferson County en Pennsylvanie.
Mare Botta, l'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Svizzera is 600 student., Il Dean dean of Accademia Di Architattura del Mendrinio comes from Switzerland, it has 600 students.
A.S. Livorno Calcio, manager Christian Panucci, is a member of Genoa C.F.C. and football club Real Madrid FC.
Drew Caldwell is a leader of Brandon, Manitoba., Figliol de Brenda (Manitoba) was Drew Calwell.
Albert Uderzo, created Asterix (comics character) e'r René Goscinny., Aterix is a comic character which was creato by Rene Gosfianty and Albert Udwys.
The LCCN number is 57059226., LCCN numéro 5759226], it has 56059226/.
Alfredo Zitarrosa e's band associated with Hilario Pérez. 
The 1st runway type is Poaceae and it has a length of 877.0 km., L'aeroporto Alderney, which ha l'itinerario density poaceae, c'e'n feidhme d'un modèle de surface-type apogée.
Albany, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S.), where Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. Is a member of the Stáit Aontaithe.
Paul Ryan, l'États-Unis is a member of the United States where Bacon Explosion was operated by Paul Ryan. L'Amériques are an ethnic group in Washington D.C.
Aaron Hunt e'n club de VfL Wolfsburg, Goslarer SC 08 and SV Werder Bremen., Alan Hunt is a member of FflL wolfsburg whose club he's club Dewler SC 8.
The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are Bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil.
Mae batchoy is in the Philippines, where Chinese Filipinos are an ethnic group. 
Bandeja paisa e's region of Antioquia Department. Bandeja paisa is a food found in Colombian cuisine, where Kidney bean is an ingredient.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County in Indiana, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Stuart Parker, a footballer degli A.F.C. Blackpool, whose manager is Drogheda United FC, has an club member of Stockport County F. C.
Alfredo Zitarrosa e's genre is Zamba (artform) which has the record label of RCA Records, where Hector Numa Moraes and Ciro Pérez are a solo singer.
Stuart Parker, a footballer in A.F.C. Blackpool, whose manager is Drogheda United F. C. Halton, plays for Runcorn FC Haltone. 
The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen.
Aaron Bertram, a member of the Suburban Legends band Brian Robertson (trombonist), is associated with Ska punk and Kids Imagine Nation.
Hypermarcas, a type de S.A. (corporation) is l'industrie pharmaceutique, settore farmaceutique, c'est-celibataire d'intermédiaires; j'aiffred le 1st janvier 2001.
L'Adirham Hall, l'appartenant ad Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka, is architectural style of Tudor Revival. It was acheved on 1931 and it was inaugurated on 1927.
The ALV X-1 is manufactured by the Assembly Techsystems.
Alberto Teisaire, a married in Mendoza, Argentine, Argentina, was succeeded by Isaac Rojas. Is l'ordonnat Albertodnikover, born on May 05, 1891.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House a New York Route 83 was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988., Athsher, Mary Elisabetleריצ's House is located in U.S. Route 83, where it has aggiunto all'Annuario Nazionale per 1911.
The runway name of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 03R/21L and it has a length of 1412.0 metres, o poaceae. L'aviation organisation de l'Autorité civile d'aviazione in New Zealand, c'est le 34.0 mètres al-dessus sea level.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is an abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. It has the academic discipline of mathématiques and it has iSSN number 0236-5294.
Ace Wilder is a member of the genre hip hop music, which originated from Disco.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County in Oregon, where Benton County (in Oregon).
Alan Shepard a fought in Apollo 14 and date of retirement on August 1st 1974., The NASA's mission is Apollo 14, which was operated by Apollo 14.
Bionico, a granola, ingrediente in bionico., Binanico comes from the course of dessert and an ingredient in Bionico.
L'Albuquerque, New Mexico, a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per sq km. It has an area code 505, 575 and it has 486.2 square kilometres. L'Albacuerque (New Mexico) ha un total area of 4909 square0000.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is a member of Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, campionato Brasileiro Série C. It's champions are Vila Nova Fampeonato Clube., Feriação Sindrome Arrepagliense play in the Campeonato Brasilia C.
Bhajji, a bhajji in India, is an ingredient of gram flour and legumes. L'abbreviated name bajji (bajji) is Bajji.
Aaron Hunt is a member of SV Werder Bremen II, Viktor Stiyek. Il's club f'Simtir Bremer Bretagna in Bundesliga.
The Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States. Gale Brewer is part of Manhattan.
William Anders, a member of Apollo 8 is Frank Borman. William Anders's backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin.
Alex Day a derivative of House music is Synthpop, which originated from pop music. Il's stylistic origin originates from Pop music and its background is solo singer.
Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens, a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District.
In Sri Lanka, i Malaysian currency is the Tamil language. It is in Haputale, Il-Laitvia, India's capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Akeem Dent was born on 27th July 1987. 
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County in Indiana, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. L'Institiúid degli Stati Uniti membres per l'U.S. Is a member of an t-Associazione ethnique all'Américains., L'Angola (in Indiana), y compris le Simplified County In Indiana.
The Barny Cakes is a protein of 1.8 g.
L'Italie, where Laura Boldrini is the leader of Italy. L'Amatriciana sauce originates from Rome. Is l'Italia in cui c'est la capitale di Roma.
Alan Frew, who was born in Coatbridge, Newmarket, Ontario, is a solo singer. He e'r feidhmiú come musician., An fils d'Albany (Newmarket) en Alberta, Canada.
Julius Springer is the editor of Acta Mathematica Hungarica, which was founded by Julius.
Elliot See, who was born on 23 July 1927, Dallas, has an status of defunted. He died in Dallas le 23rd March 1927.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is manager of Christian Panucci, who plays for the Italy national football team.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada., 
The AIDAluna is operated by IATA Cruises, which is located in Rostock, rostock.
250 Delaware Avenue architectural style is postmodern architecture and it has 12 floors. It's surface area of 30843.8 square metres.
Binignit serves the Visayas region. 
The AEK Athens F.C. is a member of 69618 membres in the Superleague Greece.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where Washington, D.C. are led by Paul Ryan.
The film Baymax is a Big Hero 6.
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
Mae, India, l'AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor is a Ganges. L'Inghilterra (Ketttiyet toor), c'est i Kerala, f'appartenant 250 membres de la classe acadaifique AWH engineering College o Kuttdnikovatoor., L'Accademia Initié ta's Sidji Kotani Ta'ra, Mahé, Thaïja, Inghija
Akeem Dent e'n football team Houston Texans, a whose owner is Bob McNair. Is l'ancien team Atlanta Falcons in Atlanta. 
1101 Clematis, a periapsis is 445895000000.0., 11 Clemattis (peggionamentis) f'epersipops 44.5894000000.0.
Aleksandra Kovač, who was born in Socialist Republic of Serbia, is a solo singer. Aleksandra Kovac's genre pop music and its background is soliste.
L'enAIRE is l'aereo Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas, in Alcobendas, Spain. L'indirizzo degli aeroport Degli Affari Amstardam f'Albubendais, y compris la città d'Alubbiades, Spagna.
Buzz Aldrin, a member of the United States, was born Glen Ridge, New Jersey.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's record label is Movieplay., The film play artist of Alfred O Zitarroa, which has l'album label cinematoplay.
(66391) 1999 KW4, a density of 2.0 gram perCubic centimetres, it has an epoch date of 14th July 2004, and its orbital period is 16244700.0. It had an apoapsis of 162164091.olfsburg (kilometres).
Alan Martin played for Accrington Stanley F.C., The footballer Alan Martin, who plays for Acrington St.F. C.
The batchoy is an ingredient in Vegetable., 
Albert B. White, a breithiúnas William M. O Dawson, was born in Bloomington (Maryland). Agnes Ward White fought in Marietta, U.S. In Ohio, ag brath ar Parkersburg, West Virginia, Stáit Aontaithe.
The Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000, is a sports offered to tennis. It's sport Governing Body for the International Tennis Federation.
The Dead Man's Plack, dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia, is material in Rock (geology).
Mae AmeriGas is a city of King Prussia, Pennsylvania. It has an area total of 9833516.63 square kilometres in the North American Eastern Time Zone.
Marv Wolfman created Auron (comics character) a comic character., Mae'r Marvwolfman was creator of auron, mae femmin.
Austin, Texas is a leader in the City Manager., The city manager of Austin comes from the United States.
Bananaman e's first aired on 3rd octobre 1983, a radiodiffusé by TVV., BanSpartak y starred Bill Oddie and fought on 10th October 1983.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is in the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. It is a food found in Great Britain, which is part of English. 
Andra, a solo singer Andra, who was born in Câmpia Turzii, f'aois 1986. Tá bénéficié de Rhythm and Blues. Il saxophone Andra is l'honneur d'inverno 1986.
Buzz Aldrin, a became in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, and fought in Apollo 11, where Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. is the fighter pilot. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963. It was retired.
Amarillo, Texas is a country in the United States., The Amarillo (texas) is part of the U.S.
Port Fortin is Trinidad.
Andrew the Apostole is a patron saint in Romania. 
Noodle is an ingredient in Bakso., Buzzeso contains Noodle.
René Goscinny was created by Asterix (Character comic) which is published by Rene Goswyny., The artist of the comic car Astridix, where Reny Goswinky originates from.
The Battle of Fredericksburg is part of the American Civil War. 
Agnes Kant, l'ordonnay de Mark Rutte, operates le House of Representatives in Ísiltír. Agnes Kant is a nationalità nei Paesi Bassi, ma j'était la leader en Isiltalia., Agnes Kant f'appartenant à Lussemburgo (Pays-Bas).
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., The Acte Mathematicsa Mikulica comes in Abbreviation to Itta Math.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) contains 192000.0 millimetres. It has a longueur de 200,0 millimetri.
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire on 18th 1923, and died in California. He won the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) which is higher than Department of Commerce Gold Méda., AthenShepard's birth date 11st 1923 has an Delinquency Award for US Navy.
Mae'r Baked Alaska, in France, is an ingredient de Meringue.
Mae'r Ab Klink, a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal Party, was born in Stellendam and Mark Rutte., Mark Link, whose nationality is Netherlands, has an euro airgeadra.
Eric Flint, l'autorisation of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis., Eabhraj flint is the author of Eric Flint.
 Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Danimarca. 
Aleksandra Kovač, who was born in Belgrade, is a solo singer. Aleksandra Kovac's genre of Rhythm and blues. It has an background de soliste.
L'Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. It has a runway length of 4000.0.
The escape velocity of 1099 Figneria, a temperature of 156.0 Kelvins, is 0.0155 km per sec. It has an apoapsis de 603618000.0 km/s.
Artur Rasizade is l'Azerbaïdjan, a bhfuil an t-Azerbaijstan de chuid Ard-Stiúrthóireacht ar Baku. Is é i gceangal leis an Aontais Náisiúnta (Azerbaijan) agus sa bhliain 2006.
Alex Plante, née in Canada, is a member of the ethnic group of Black Canadians. Is l'hymne d'Amérique, Elizabeth II.
The United States of America is a long name in the U.S.
Pound sterling is an currency of 20 Fenchurch Street in the United Kingdom, where Boris Johnson is led by Elizabeth II.
Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Joe Biden is leader. Is l'université Washington D.C. and its capital is Washington DC.
The Hypermarcas has a net income of 108600000 and an revenue of 1800000000. It has 10252] employs.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is leader. 
Richard A. Teague, a manager of General Motors, is l'employeur de Général Motors.
Trane, which was founded on 1st janvier 1913, Wisconsin, has 29000 employs. Trane's revenue is 10264000000 and operated by La Crosse ( Wisconsin).
Aaron Bertram e'n active year in 1998. 
Alvah Sabin, a member of the Minister of State of Vermont, was born on 23 octobre1793 in Georgia., L'Alban Sabin (in Georgia), operated by the secrétaire d'État de Vormont en février 1793-1793.
Alan B. Miller Hall, a tenant degli Mason School of Business, is Robert A M Stern., Robert A. M.
Peter Stoger is a manager of 1. FC Köln., Pietro Stogere is un manager for 1.FC Köln.
Atlantic County, New Jersey is a country in the United States.
Chinabank, which was founded on 16 August 1920, has 5594 employs. Its net income is 15100000000 and 295 operates.,  Chinabank comes from the 16th July 1920; its net encombrement f'15100000000 et 295 occupants.
A Severed Wasp contains 374-26131-8 and has 388 pages. It has an ISBN number 8806036, it has a media type Hardcover.
Beef kway teow is located in Singapore, where Standard Chinese is the language.
Richard A. Teague, l'employeur de Chrysler, was a designer of AMC Matador., Rappeler Richard A teague is répondre à la NASAMatador.
Akeem Ayers s'occupe of Linebacker., 
10 Hygiea e's surface area of 837080.744 squarekilometres, it has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 km. It has a temperature of 164.0 Kelvins. 
The Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and it has a runway name 12R/30L. It has an elevation of 2989.0 km above sea level in Metres 211, i length de l'arrivée d'Asbagagat Idir-Akturk Airlines.
Mae'l Mississippi Infantry Monument is a municipality of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. Adams County, Pennsylvanie, New York, Cumberland County (Maryland) o Carroll County in Pennsylvania, Franklin County.
Adam Holloway, who was born in Kent, Kent. He graduated from Magdane College Cambridge., Mae'n student Adam Fulday is a member of the Conservative Party (UK) and his alma mater is Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Alan Martin played for Crewe Alexandra F.C., The footballer Alan Martin is a member of the FC, C.F.
Akron, Ohio, is part of Summit County, Ottawa. Is a member of the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
1036 Ganymed, which has an apoapsis of 611950000.0 km/s., The متوسط speed of 1036 Ranymede is 16.86 km per sec. It's apoabsis is 611906000.0 kg/m.
The Atlas II, which was launched in Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36. It has a diametre de 3.04 m. L'Atlas II is originated in the U.S. A.R.A. and its final vehicle was on 16 February 1998. La vandenberg Air Force Base of Vandenberg air feidhmiúcháin 36.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Austin, Texas. It has the capital city of Austin.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Illinois., Mae Attica in Indiana n'appartiene a fountain counties.
Trane serves Swords, Dublin. Trane is located in Ireland.
Abradab, originated Katowice, Poland. Abradab is a member of the band Magik (rapper) which originates in Poland and fought actively in 1994.
Mae'r aerroport Ardmore (New Zealand) n'est pas le 3rd runway surface type de poaceae, y compris Monocotyledon.
Abilene, Texas n'est part of Texas. Washington D.C. is in the U.S.
Tomo is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce per lazio, Lazio.
Aerfort Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Stáit Uniti. Is a teaghrán Texan.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Ikita. It is part of Japan and it has an ethnic group of filippinas in Japan. 
Mae Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, is a member of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. Adenan Satem fought in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, sarawak. He became retired by an University of Adelaide.
Akeem Dent e'n Atlanta Falcons, whose club is Houston Texans. It was owned by Arthur Blank in Atlanta. 
Massimo Drago e's club in S.S. Chieti Calcio., Ma Massimi Drago, is a member of S.
Alfred Garth Jones died o London., Abraham Gart Jones defeadh London.
The A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages. It is printed by imprimer.
Aleksandr Chumakov, who died in Russia, is Sergey Naryshkin a leader.
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has an runway length of 308.0 km.
Aaron Bertram, a member of the Suburban Legends band Brian Robertson (trombonist), performs Ska punk and is associated with Kids Imagine Nation.
Auburn, Washington a part of Pierce County in Washington, Stáit Uniti. L'area totale de 7741 square kilometres is 77,41 sq km.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, Stáit Uniti. He died in New Mexico Territory., Austin Grachten fountain is a member of the U.S. L.R.L.K.N.J.P.I.
Abner W. Sibal, l'armée degli Stati Uniti, f'un combattimento in the American Revolutionary War.
Duncan Rouleau, a nationality of Americans, was created by Baymax. Deman Wayans Jr. is the film Big Hero 6.
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238] Membres.
Joden, Godenblanco is a member of the AFC Ajax (amateurs) which has l'appello de Joden.
Indianapolis is a capital in Indiana. 
Bhajji, which is located in Karnataka, India. In India, c'est denomination of Indian people, T. S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan.
Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Brazil., Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, it has a ground o Estádio municipal Coeracyda Mata Fossaca, Brasil.
Aaron Turner e's genre of black metal, is associated with Twilight band and Greymachine. It was a member of Black metal.
Appleton, Wisconsin serves Appleton. It is part of Kimberly and Little Chute in Wisconsin.
Arlington, Texas is part of Tarrant County where Fort Worth and Houston is the largest city.
Austin, Texas is part of Texas in the U.S. A.K. United States.
Bacon Explosion s'est in the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. Is l'université de Washington D.C. and White Americans are an ethnic group of the U.S.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County in Indiana, United States where Americans are an ethnic group. Is a member of the U.S. A.N.A.R.I.L.Y.F.
Duncan Rouleau, a fought in the film Big Hero 6 (film) Maya Rudolph.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, a governed by Albuquerques City Council.
Anders Osborne e'n band rock music and Tab Benoit is a member of the band Rock music, Billy Iuso., All-Rock musician Andersosborne was associated with Tab Binoit as l'inhumateur pop rock musical.
The AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. It has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres and was founded on July 4th 1776.
William Anders, who was born on 17 October 1933, is a member of Apollo 8.
The AMC Matador is a moteur delimitate, operated by Port Melbourne, Victoria. It has an alternative name called VAD Classic and it was assembled port Melbourne (Victoria).
Tom Lyle, created Blockbuster (comics Caracter) is Roger Stern. Il's alternative name was Roland Desmond.
Albany, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S.), where African Americans are an ethnic group.
L'université 1 Decembrie 1918, l'Alba Iulia, in Romania, is a chiffred with Klaus Iohannis. L'Université 1 Dicembre 1918 f'Albuia, c'est o Bucharest.
Alan Shepard, who was born on 18 October 1923, New Hampshire. He retired on 1st November 1974, NYC, M.A. 1957.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, which has a runway name 14R/32L., 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is in the United States where English is an language. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico, where Richard J. Berry is the leader of Albuquerques City Council in U.S.
Artur Rasizade is l'Azerbaïdjan, a bhfuil an t-ormhór de chuid na Primo Ministre d'Azerbaijan. Il Memorial Turkish Martyrs was dedicato aux soldats Ottoman Army uccisi in feidhme sa Bhrasau., L'Émirat Turquier Turquien (il n-arramóir), i gcomparáid ta' Azerbaï
Aaron S. Daggett, a member of Maine, fought in Battle of the Wilderness, and died in West Roxbury, ma'r Purple Heart.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press, in the U.S. In Great Britain, where English is an language.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr., who was born in Tampere, Finland, is a member of the Florida Panthers club., Mae Alekser barkov Junior (born on September 9th 1995). Aveva married on May 09, 1995, mae Juventus Aleksandrer Arkov J.J.
Airey Neave, who was born in Knightsbridge, fought in the World War II.
Mae Baked Alaska is in Hong Kong, France. L'agglomération d'Hong Kong and Gérard Larcher (politique), c'est l'enfance degli Carrie Lam.
Alan Shepard, who was born on 18 October 1923, New Hampshire, is a member of the Department of Commerce Gold Medal and died in California. He graduated from California as well as test pilot., The Distinguished Service Médecine (United States Navy) was operated by defunted May 18, 1923.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. 
(66063) 1998 RO1 epochta 360.29 days, it has an orbital period of 360.14 days. It has the mean temperature of 265.0 Kelvins and its apoapsis is 254989570.60815kilometres. 
Al Anderson, a band NRBQ, genre rock music, is originated from Country music and originates from Rock music.
Lancia Spartaku's Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy, it has the capital city of Rome. It is related mean of transport and Lancia Werma.
L' Ariane 5 e'n defence and space operated by the Guiana Space Centre, a diametro de 5.4 metres. L'Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defense and Space it is an 18th July 2009. It has 5,4 mètres.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County in Indiana, U.S. In the United States, Stáit Aontaithe.
Al-Khor Sports Club, Alaa Abdul-Zahra, is a member of Al shorta SC., Il-Keol Sport Club in Al Khor sports club, al-Kor, it plays for Al Shorta Sc.
Aleksandr Prudnikov e'n club football FC Terek Grozny, which is gníomhach de FC Spartak Moscow. He manager Rashid Rakhimov and Aleksandr Prudavad y fought in FC Dynamo Moscou.
Ayam penyet s'est in Java, l'agglomération is Banyumasan people. Halimah Yacob is the leader of Singapore where Ayamblancot are an ethnic group.
Alvah Sabin, a defunted in Sycamore, Illinois, f'en Vermont. Il y compris sa 3rd arrondissement di Vermond, il l'immense citta' de Burlington (Illinois).
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada, where English is the language., And Adam Mc Quaid comes from Canada.
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 membres, a bryning Lane., Mae's A F. C.fyllde is part of BryNING Lane.
The ISBN number of A Wizard of Mars is 978-20-15-204700-2 and has 560 pages.
Allan Shivers, who was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) is part of Democratic Party in the United States. He succeeded Price Daniel and his successor was PriceDaniel.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia, Malaysia. Y's main ingredients are fried chicken or squeezed beef served with sambal.
Aenir, l'Australie degli Australiers, preceded by Castle (novel).
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Washington D.C. are an ethnic group of Native Americans.
L'Angola International Airport serves Luanda. 
Aaron Turner originates from Boston.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia. 
Adam McQuaid, a club de Boston Bruins, in Ohio, is gníomhaire ginearálta Don Sweeney. Is l'université of Columbus (Ohio).
Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States., 
3Arena, which was designed by HOK SVE, is located in Dublin, Dublin. It has a completion date of December 2008.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaïdjan, a led by Artur Rasizade. It was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi lors de la Bataille di Baku., L'Azerbaquie Turku Turru turru turku Medallers fought in Bataye, and it has matériel red granite and white marble.
Michele Marcolini, a footballer f.C. Bari 1908, is manager of A-C Lumezzane, operated by MicheleMarcolini. Il club de Torino FC.
Andrew Rayel, a member of the band Christian Burns, is associated with Mark Sixma.,  Andrew Rayell, who was associate with Marc SixMA, and he performed by Chrybra Brans.
Aaron Deer, originated in Indiana, United States, is a genre de rock Indie rock.
A Severed Wasp e's language in the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. In Gran Bretagna, U.S. are an ethnic group of Native Americans. 
Albany, Oregon is a country in the United States. It has an ethnic group of Asian Americans and its language is English.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen, diemen.,
Anaheim, California e's part of Orange County in California, United States. Anaheim is a member of the Greater Los Angeles Area. L'Assemblée statale degli Stati Uniti c'est l'Associazione Stáit Amérique.
Hypermarcas e'n corporation S.A. in Brasil, l'industrie pharmaceutique is drugs. L'industria farmaceutique devrait benissimo a bénéficier d'hydrocarbures.
The AmeriGas is a member of the energy industry., AmeriGas, l'imprenditore in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, operated by the Energy industry.
Arròs negre is an ingredient in Cuttlefish. 
Walter Baade, who was born in Presistenzisch Oldendorf, is a doctoral student of Halton Argus. He graduated from the University of Göttingen and he discovered 1036 Ganymed.
The ACM Transactions on Information Systems, which has an academic discipline of Computer Science and is abbreviated to the AC Trans. Inf Syst. It's nnuméro 1558-2868., 
Anaheim, California a governed by Tom Tait. Anaheim is part of the U.S. Capitol in California, y compris l'espagnol teanga degli Stati Uniti.
K-W United FC is champions of Akron Summit Assault in St. Vincent-St. Mary High School, where the Premier Development League is led by K-w U.F.
The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works, which has 12 km above sea level., L'Aviation International Brussels (il y oibre) is l'Operating organisation for the Flemish Division of Mobilità and Travaux Public.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, part of the community of Madrid., Adirfons Madrid–Barrajas aeroport Adolfo Suarez Valencia – Barajas Stadium which is situated within La Comunità de Madrid.
Alvah Sabin e's party of Whig Party (United States).
The journal AIDS (journal) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and Elizabeth II. It is in the United Kingdom where David Cameron was leader.
The Alcabra is a top speed of 18.52].
The General Dynamics Electric Boat, which is located in Groton (Connecticut), has 3.8 m long and was built by the General Dynamis Engineering Boat. It's submarine NR-1 comes from Groon(Connecticut).
Albuquerque, New Mexico, where Don Tripp is the leader of Albuquerques, N.S. U.K.
Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party (United States) where Henry Clay died in Sycamore, Illinois.
Albany, Oregon is a total area of 45.97 square kilometres.
Alkmaar Zaanblanco, a member of AZ Alkmaar is 17023.
Al Anderson, a band NRBQ, is associated with the Wildweeds. Al Anderson (NRBQ) was actively started in 1966. 
Alfred N. Phillips, who was born in Connecticut, is a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 4th district and operated by l'United States Army.
Angola, Indiana is part of Indiana, where Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States., L'Angola and Indiana (in Indiana), y compris l'Amérique degli Stati Uniti.
Abilene, Texas a total area of water is 14.2 sq km/km. Abilen it has 524.0 elevation above sea level and an area code 325. La densità de population is 429.9 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
Alessio Romagnoli e's club in A.C. Milan, is a Defender (calcio).
Arlington, Texas a part of Tarrant County in Texas, Austin. Il y compris Fort Worth and Houston is the largest city.
Ícolo e Bengo, in Angola, is l'aeroporto internazionale dell'Angola.
The Al-Khor Sports Club is a member of the Qatar Stars League. 
The Administrative Science Quarterly was abbreviated by Admin. Sci. Q. and has an coden code of ASCQAG., Administrator Sci.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l., A.C. chievo Verona n'e's play in 2014-15 Serie A and it has 39371 membres.
Antioch, California e's part of Contra Costa County in California, y compris the San Francisco Bay Area., Aintilli, Californie is parti de Contra Conte County en California (in California), l'Ispania c'est la lingua spagnola.
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata.
Mae AmeriGas s'occupa de l'industrie énergétique.
101 Udnikov Way, Alan B Miller Hall, which was founded on 30 March 2007, is located in 101 Uolfsburg Way., 31 Ublanco Way and Alan b' Miller hall has a building site on 31 March 2007.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, Artur Rasizade and Hilmi Guner. Its designer is Hüseyin Btiyeur agus Hilmy Güler.
The Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was fought in Invasion of Grenada., L'Asad airbase has feidhmiment for the U.S. R.F. J.R.J.N.K.w.
A.D. Isidro Metapan, which has 10000 members, is located in the Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez., The full name of A.S. It is Idir Metapán, whose total name is Isidra Metawan, are 10000 members.
Java has a Baduy group ethnique.
L'aeroporto Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain. L'enAIRE operated by ENAIRE (ENAIRE).
A Long Long Way has an ISBN number of 0-670-03380-4.
N. R. Pogson, a nationality of England, is in England.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore – 560090. L'Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has 700 post-laureats. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
GMA New Media which is located in the GMA Network Center, Philippines. It has a key person of Felipe Gozon and it was operated mobile applications. 
Aaron Turner e'n band Sumac, a genre de black metal is Black metal. It was associated with Twilight band and Sumach band.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County in Indiana, where Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from the United States, where Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California, is located in Asilamar blvd.
John Cowper Powys was authored by Wolf Solent. 
L/21R, l'aeroporto Ardmore (New Zealand) a length of 14115. Il y ha 3rd runway surface type de poaceae. L'itinerario n'est pas loin du sea level is 34.0.
Anderson, Indiana a total area of 107.43 square kilometres is 268.0 and it has an elevation above sea level de 26,8 km in Indiana.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, where Washington D.C. is the capital and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Abilene, Texas y's part of Texas.
Pietro Canonica is a designer of Atatürk Monument (Izmir) which was made by Pietro canonica. 
The Antares rocket is a final season on 28th August 2014.
Frangipane is an ingredient in Derbyshire Dales, y compris le tart Bakwell pudding. L'enigma de la tart bakwell a bhith l'infiammation of the tart Bakewell.
Agustin Barboza e'n solo singer, Agustin Barboja is a musician Guarania., Agusín Barbozza has l'album label Philips Records.
Aenir, preceded by Castle (novel) o Castle.
Aenir is followed by Castle Novel., The character Castle (novel) has l'Agnir.
Humphrys, Tennant agus Dykes is located in Deptford. Is l'Alhambra a type de compétitivité f'Humphrys, Tenant et Dekes.
Kelvin Mao e'n character Ballistic, which was created by Doug Moench. It has an alternative name to KelvinMao., The comic character ballistic (comics character) is a member of DougMoenc and became part of kelvin mao.
1634: The Ram Rebellion which was authored by Eric Flint, is a media type of Ebook., 1635: L'Abraham Rebellion where Eric Flint and Eric flint can be found.
Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom.,  Elizabeth II, l'Inghilterra in cui Elisabet II se dirige.
In Haputale, Sri Lanka is a leader of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. An currency dei sri Lankan rupee and an yuan di Adisham Hall comes from haputal.
Buzz Aldrin, l'astronaute Apollo 11 was operated by NASA in 1963. William Anders is a member of the NASA Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 and j'était feidhmiúcháin degli Apollo 11.
The AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaïdjan.
The AMC Matador, a mid-size car, was assembled o Thames, New Zealand. It has an alternative name of the American MotorsMatador and is operated in station wagon. Il y compris l'AMC V8 engine.
Aaron Bertram e'r a member of the Suburban Legends in Pop music and is associated with Kids Imagine Nation.
Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in Illinois, United States, is a key person of Douglas R Oberhelman. L'IDAluna comes from the U.S.
The runway name of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 07/25 and it has a length of 518.0.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II, which was launched by Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. L'Antares (rocket) originated from the U.S.
The Antares rocket, a launch site in Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport, was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office. It has an final vehicle on 28th October 2014 and its maiden fly on 22nd April 2014.
Abraham van der Laan, AFC Ajax (amateurs) is a ground in Amsterdam. L'Ebraid van DerLaan devrait être le leader d'Amsterdam.
A Severed Wasp, is a country in the United States where Barack Obama is leader. Is l'ethnic group of Native Americans are an ethnic group degli Stati Uniti.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon where the largest city is Portland.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in the United States, was a spouse of Ruth Riblicoff., Bâb Abraham A.
N. R. Pogson, Nottingham, was born on December 31st 2006 and has an epoch date of 107 Camilla.
Airbus Defence and Space is a parent company of Airbus Group., The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Apollon 5, l'Afrane 5. L'armée defence et système d'Airbus group.
The Adisham Hall, which was located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, is architectural style of Tudor and Jacabin., Ahmad Hall Adyam Hall has l'Abraham Hall (Haputala,Sri Lanka).
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in Chicago, Illinois, is a member of the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, which has a headquarters in Jinnah International Awst., Ilmilitaire Almat Abhbal international airport is part of Jennah Iwst.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is a leader of Ann-Arbor.
The Alhambra is a beam of 8.3 m.
Alex Tyus e's club in Maccabi Ashdod B.C., a coach of Vit Sherf.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has a ISBN number 41071100.
Lockheed Martin, l'Atlas II was launched by the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., The Atlas II is manufactured by LockheedMartin, and it has Launch site of Cape Canveral air force Station.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Abraham Taïb Mahmad f'appartenant à Kuching, Asajaya.
Aleksandra Kovač, a solo singer, was born in Belgrade, 1972. Aleksandra Kovac's genre is pop music and performed by Pop music.
Abel Caballero, who was born in Galizia (Espagne), a governed by Francisco Franco, is in office while Juan Carlos I de Spáinn. Aveva predecessor Francisco FRANCO, f'Alfonso Franco.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in the United States, where one of its ethnic groups are Native Americans.
The AIDAluna is located in the United States, where Douglas R Oberhelman was key person. It has a power type of Caterpillar Inc.
Bhajji e'n bhajji in India, i gcomhréir le Sumitra Mahajan. L'Inde is l'Uttara Pradesh and Vajubhai Vala.
John Cowper Powys, which was notable to work for Wolf Solent., Jen Cowpers Podnikov, whose lavoro is notevole to be found in Wolf solent.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba, Manikota.,  Alex Planté s'enfanced in Manitoba.
The Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level.
Rolando Maran, who was born in Italy, plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. and Carrarese Calcio.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University, affiliation with Association of Public and Land-grant Universities.
The Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin. It has a runway length of 2439.0 and an elevation of 280 km above sea level.
Bionico e's course of dessert. Bionico, it is a dessert type de dessert.
Amdavad ni Gufa, which is located in Gujarat, India. Is l'indirizzo de Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, vicino all'université CEPT, opp. Ahmedabad University, University Road.
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is Helipad.
Andrew Rayel e's genre of Trance music, which originated from pop music. Jwaydan Moyine and John Digweed is a member of the band/artist associates to rock music.
Il'11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma is leader. Is l'agglomération ethnique de White South African.
A Wizard of Mars, a ISBN number 978-20-15-204700-2 is booked by Diane Duane. It has an ISBN Number 978-1-15-204075-2 and its media type in Hardcover.
Elliot See a test pilot is l'efficacy of the Test pilot.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, which has the coden code of APGPAC.
Alessio Romagnoli e's club in A.C. Milan, a member of Sinisa Mihajlović, is l'université Sampdoria.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Indiana, where Washington D.C. is led by the Democratic Party (U.S.), a governed by Anderson, whose capital is Indianapolis.
Abner aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has a LCCN number 32024459].
Aleksandr Chumakov e'r manager Valery Petrakov, Aleksandr Tukmanov. Il football FC Torpedo Moscow is a member of the 2014-15 Russian Premier League. Is l'université de Russie 2015–15.
In Uttar Pradesh, Awadh is part of Bundelkhand. L'arrondissement n'appartient pas 167.94 km/h. Il remplacement de l'Agra aeroport u it s'occupe d'Afgra Airport o j'y compris 16794.
Adam Koc, a nationalita' polannach Poland, is an ethnic group of Kashubians., Ahmad Koc in Polonia comes from Poland and its language is polonais.
Alberto Teisaire, a governing body of Buenos Aires City Legislature, Argentina, is Gabriela Michetti. Is l'Argentine in the language Spanish.
Rock's stylistic origins of jazz is blues. 
Anderson, Indiana is a part of Madison County in Indiana, United States., Austin, Illinois (in Indiana), y compris l'Illinois degli Stati Uniti.
Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom, Aston Martin V8 is a related means of transport. It has 5.3 litres de surfaces.
A.D. Isidro Metapan, a full name is Associationación Deportiva., The A.d.Isidro metapán, has l'entière name Associationña Desarrolla.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark, where Marriott International was architected 3XN.
Alkmaar Zaanwys, AZ Alkmaar is a member of 17023.
The United States Air Force aerei f-16 Fighting Falcon is operated by Lockheed AC-130, where the General Dynamics F-16 combatting Falcon and the Operation Enduring Freedom.
L'aeroporto Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes. It has a runway length of 3500.0., Il aeroporto adolfo SuarezMadrid–Barrajas, situated o San Sebastian de Los Reye, y ha l'arrivée 35000.0.
The Antares rocket is manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, 2013-04-21.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was constructed in Finland, where Sauli Niinilä is the leader.
Jerry Ordway, a nationality of Americans, was created by Bibbo Bibbowski., Jenordway is l'anonymy de Americas.
Alexandria, Indiana a total area of 6,81 square kilometres. La densità population density is 755.3 inhabitants per sq km., Alexia's surface area totale is 6.81 quadraטימטרים. L'encensita populationdensity 765.3 people per square0000.
Philippe of Belgium is a leader in Belgio, Philippe.
Alberto Teisaire, a nationalita' Argentina, is an Argentine.
Hypermarcas, a type de S.A. (corporation), was founded on 1st January 2001. It has an net income of 108600000.
Stuart Parker, a footballer in Blackpool, whose leader is Gordon Marsden. Il club was Chesterfield F.C. and e's member of A.F.A.B. blackpool comes from FC Mechelen., Roydford Marchden f'es manager de l'AFC Greypool (y plays for FC Sc.
Abner W. Sibal fought in the World War II where Chiang Kai-shek is a member of the United States Army.
Abner W. Sibal s'est disputé in the World War II., Branch degli Affari Unititensi, abner w. sibal f'e'r bataille dans la Seconda Guerra Mondiale.
The Adirondack Regional Airport is serves by Lake Placid, New York. It has 1219.0 runways and it was served by Saranac Lake (New York).
The Acura TLX which is a Honda K Engine., 
Mae Abel Caballero, a fought in Andalusia, Spain. He employed by Minister of Transport and was born in Galizia (Espagne).
Mae Baked Alaska in France, U.S.O. ou China is an ingredient of Christmas pudding. 
1634: The Ram Rebellion which was authored by Eric Flint, is a hardcover., 1635: L'Abraham played in Hardcover.
Mae batchoy is a member of the Philippines where Zamboangans are an ethnic group. Is l'espèce de Filippine Spanish.
Aser Levy Public Baths, which was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd Street (Manhattan), is architectural style in Romanesque Revival architecture. It has an référence number 80002709., The Asser Levat f'appartenant à l'arrivée de 1904 and operated at 22nd March 1980; it ha été ajouté all'enregistrement national d'Historic
Aturk Monument (Izmir) l'inauguration date 27th 1932, is inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Turchia. L'indirizzo degli  Ataturk monument (Îzmir), f'appartenant a Ahmet Davutoglu, c'est la capitale d'Ankara. Il progetto di Pietro Canonica, il matériel bronze.
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa., South Africa's capital is Cape Town.
Albany, Georgia e's part of Dougherty County in Georgia, Stati Uniti. Il groupe ethnique degli Native Americans negli U.S.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in 2014-15 A EPSTH, Grèce. 
A Long Long Way, which was preceded by Annie Dunne, is published by Viking Press and followed by The Secret Scripture.
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 membres.
Bew kway teow s'est in Indonesia, Singapore and Indonesia. It is a food ingredient of oyster sauce.
Siomay is a variation of Shumai. 
Auburn, Alabama is part of l'Alabama., Mae Auburn in Alaska (part of L-Alabama).
A.F.C. Fylde, which has 3180 membres, is in Warton, Llande. He a full name of Association Football Club Gülde.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in royaume Sarawak, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Abraham Taboud (born in Royaume sarawak).
Bhajji e's main ingredients in Bhajji is gram flour, legumes. L'ingredient de bhajji (gan India).
New Jersey, which is the capital of Trenton, New Jersey.
Aaron S. Daggett a bhaint as Purple Heart.
James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison Wisconsin, Wisconsin. He died in Peritonitis., Mae's 103 Hera is discovered by James Craig (Watson), whose nationality is Canada. It has an cause of pertinitis.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was published by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, has an ISBN number 978-1-4075-4253-7., 1632: La Bavière Crisi is a media type print.
L'Arctech Helsinki Shipyard Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) is built in Finland, a longueur de 99.83 km/h. L'Arctique Helsinki Boatyard f'Helsinki.
Mae'r arrabbiata sauce in Italy, it is an ingredient of olive oil. 
 Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Is foilsed by the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities, it has its nickname Cornelle Big Red.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where the  hymn is O Canada. Is l'hymne d'Elisabeth II and Elizabeth II are leaders.
The Memorial of Baku Turkish Martyrs' Medal was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Bako. It is made from granite and white marble. 
Buzz Aldrin, a nationalità degli Stati Uniti., Cuzz Aldin, in the U.S.
The Audi A1, which is assembled in Brussels, Belgium, has 1.2 litres. It is a supermini carrosserie f'Audi A1.
 Austin, Texas is part of Travis County in Texas, United States., Austin s'occupy from Travi County, Illinois, U.S.
Alan Martin, who was born on 1st January 1989, plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. and is a member of Crewe Alexandra FC.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where Austin Fernando is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe and has 476 lits.
Arròs negre, in Spain, is a member of the Valencian Community. Is l'ingrédients degli ingredienti cubanelle arrois wys, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink,cubanelle Peppers. 
Alfons Gorbach, a fought in Imst, it was led by Doris Bures and died in Austria.
Mae'r AIDAstella, l'operator dei Cruises is 253260.0 millimetres, and it was operated by Meyer Werft. It has a length of 25360.0 mm in service.
Asam pedas, which is a member of the Malaysian Peda's in Malaysia. Is l'intermédiaire d'Alien Zakaria, ta' Sri Lanka. Il settore degli Asam peidas f'appartenant à la Malaisie.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, who died in Montevideo, Uruguay where Tabaré Vázquez is the leader of Uruguay. Is l'europort d'Uruguay, y demonym dagli Uruguayans.
Bhajji e'n Bhajji, in India, is a leader de T. S. Thakur, o G. Narendra Modi, and i bhajji region of Karnataka.
Akita Museum of Art which is located in Akita, Japan. It is part of Ikita Territory, Tarō Asō and has affiliation ethnique with the Japanese people.
The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government and it has 12 km above sea level., L'Aviation International Brussels, l'IATA n'est propriétaire de la République flaminge, ha 12.6 km/h.
Beverly Hills, California is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. Is a 3Arena which began its location in Beverly היל, Californie. 
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the headquarters of Four World Trade Center.
Asam pedas, which is located in Sumatra and Tamil Peninsula, Malaysia. It's main ingredients are fish cuisined in sour and hot sauce., The Asam Pedas can be found in Sumatra and Malaisie.
AZAL PFK, which is located in Azerbaïdjan, are champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League and Qarabag FK. Its ground is AZAL Arena. Is l'Albanie whose played football for an azerbaijan Premier Liga.
Mae's gâteau Baked Alaska is a dessert and it has an ingredient in Christmas pudding.
The main ingredients of Binignit are sweet potato and Solanales.
Allan Sandage, Walter Baade, a student of the University of Göttingen, was discovered on 1036 Ganymed and Halton Arp., L'université de Gottingen is l'université de Gettingen.
Alan Shepard, a New Hampshire, operated by NASA, was born in New-Hampshire. He s'occupy of Apollo 14 and is defunted.
Andrew White, a member of the Kaiser Chiefs, is associated with Marry Banilow. Andrew White (musician) has l'album label Polydor Records and fought in 2003.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia., A Atlanta s'occupy from Fultone County in Georgia (U.S.)
Swords, Dublin is part of Dublin (Partie parlementaire europeo).
J. V Jones, l'ISBN number of A Fortress of Grey Ice is 0-7653-0633-6., Y.V. Jones has a ISBN number 0-7653-633-6.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road - Bangalore – 560090., The campus in Sold Evanahalli (Acharya) Dr Sravar Pal Radjakrishnani Road and HessaghattaMain Road of Bangalore– 380090.
Asey Wilder, who was born in Sweden on 23 July 1982, is a solo singer. L'adolescenza depuis 1981, l'American Ace-Wilder comes da soliste.
Lancia Spartak, Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Fiat Croma and it is assembled in Arese.
Deram Records is located in London, London., Dרםrecords Deram are owned by London.
Arrabbiata sauce is a food ingredient in Tomato, Italy. 
The ISBN number of A Loyal Character Dancer is 1-52395-301-3., 1 696-70-3, the ISBN Number of 1 694-673-5.
Aaron Deer e's genre of Psychedelia, whose guitar is funky.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff, a length of 737 student., L'Accademia de Business et Social Science at an Alarhus University was établie nel 1928.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in Chicago, Illinois, is a member of the U.S. E.N.I., has an ethnic group de Native Americans negli Stati Uniti.
Mae Baked Alaska is in New York, Stáit Uniti. Is l'ingrédients de crème sapone.
Attica, Indiana a total area of 4.14 sq km. It is part of Fountain County in Indiana, United States. La population density of 783.1 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
A.T. Charlie Johnson is l'ebook of AIP Advances, a coden code AAIDBI. It has an abbreviation to AC Adv.
A-Rosa Luna, a bunaíodh Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. He is l'oifige de Joachim Gauck, Germania.
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, California, died on 21th July 1998, is a member of the American Defense Service Medal.svg.
Dodge Coronet, 1955 Dodge, which has a V8 engine and it has 3 speed automatic transmission. It has an alternative name to the Dod Corone.
Andrew White is a member of the band Marry Banilow and performer alternative rock.,  Andrew White (musician) can be found in Alternative rock.
3Arena a became inaugurated on December 2008 and is located in Dublin, Dublin. It was designed by Populous ( company).
Andrew Rayel e's genre of Trance music and was a member of the band Christian Burns, Jonathan Mendelsohn. He fought in 2009.
103 Hera e's apoapsis of 437170000.0 km/km. It has a mass of 7.9 kilograms, it has an escape velocity of 0.0482 km per sec., 3 hera f'espaפס de 437160000.0 kg/m.It has un poids de 7.9 gram, y has altezza di 0,0482kilometres per second.
Airey Neave s'est fought in the World War II and was actively attended on June 30th 1953.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Poblacht na Repubblica d'Irlande. Is a member of Críona Ní Dhálaigh, part of Phoblacht na hÉireann.
Alagoas, l'Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is a member of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C in Brasil. L'Agglomération de Vila Nova Floating Clube f'Adgregazioni Asportiva Arapiraquense comes from Brazil. Il battaglione Accademia communautaire Estádio municipal Codaracy Da Mata Fenseca (y compris Silvano Folfsburg)., The Agremiação Sportiva Ara
The runway name of the Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 06/24 Kaaddaan. It has a length of 2014.0 and an elevation at -3.3528.
Abel Hernández e'n club dei Citta di Palermo, in Serie A. Is a member of the U.S. Città di Palerme, operated by Giuseppe Iachini.
A-Rosa Luna, a costruir Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germania. It is l'Allemagne where Andreas Voßkuhle was the leader of Germany.
Hypermarcas e'n feidhmiú le 1st janvier 2001, it has 238.8 population density of 23.8 km/h.
 Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York, it has an publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly. Is affiliated with l'Association of American Universities.
A Severed Wasp, is a member of the United States where Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Sweet potato, which is part of the floing plant., Binignit has an ingredient in Binignit as well succeeded by its division of Flowering Plant.
Aleksandr Chumakov, whose leader is Valentina Matvyenko, plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. Valery Petrakov's football team in the Union Soviet Union, operates per l'Union sovietica.
Lancia Spartak, Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy, a Fiat Croma. Si tratta de l'Istituzione Italiana per i trasporto fission fissoin fessoin fl-quattro.
Andrews County, Texas where Andrews is a county seat., Anderson's  County seest l'Alban.
Fiat Croma e's Alfa Romeo 164 is related mean of transport. 
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez e'r manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan, which is a member of the FCS FAS.
Bakso, l'Indonésia is part of Indonesia in Indonesia. It is also popular in the Southeast Asian countries whose leader is Joko Widodo., Blairj-Idiren originated from Indonesia where its capital is Jakarta.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County in Indiana, United States.
Aaron Turner e's genre of Black metal, a member of Sumac band. L'album was fusioned by Death metal.
The AMC Matador, a model year of 1971, was assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria. It is related to the memorandum of transport by l'Ambassadeur.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The largest city of Texas is Houston.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union.
The periapsis of 88234300.0 $, (410777) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch.
Alan B Miller Hall, which was located in Williamsburg, Virginia, is owned by the College of William & Mary. It has a construction date of 30 March 2007.
Aaron Turner e's band Lotus Eaters (band Isis), is a member of the band Sis.
The AMC Matador, a type of station wagon, was assembled o Thames, New Zealand. It has an alternative name to the American MotorsMatador. Il y compris l'AMC V8 moteur.
Frank de Boer is a manager of AFC Ajax., Fergacteur Frank De Boer, f'emmer Général Frankde Boer.
Halimah Yacob is a leader in Singapore, where Beef kway teow originates from Singapore. It has an dollar de Singapour and it was led by Halimah Yaacob.
Mae'r Arem-arem, y compris in Indonesia, mae più spécifiquement Java, is l'ingredient de riz compressed cuisined in banana leaf with legumes or minced meat fillings., Marm-Arem (in Indonesia) comes from the main course and its main ingredients are gcompres rice cuisined in banan foglie con verdure ni grange ni min
Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in California, is located in Peoria Illinois, Illinois. It has a power type of AIDAluna.
Mae Trane, which was founded in La Crosse Wisconsin, is located in Ireland.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in New York City, is a member of the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare.
Appleton International Airport serves Appleton, Wisconsin. It is located in Greenville, Illinois, a part of Ellington and Little Chute.
Buzz Aldrin, a breithlaeth in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, it was retired on 20th January 1930. He fought by NASA in 1963 per Apollo 11, ma's Alma mater is Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road - Bangalore – 560090. L'Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students., L'Istituto de Technologie a India is affiliated with 600 postdoctors per l'Université Asarbaïdjanate, J.S.R. S.r. P.p.P. p.
The United States Air Force aerei, which was operated by Al Asad airbase, is the Lockheed AC-130. It has an Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and its ircraft fighters for the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon in Panama., L'Aviation Force degli Stati Uniti occupe l'Operating organisation of the U.S. L'armée américaine became feidhmichte by
Aenir has a ISBN number 45644811].
Ariy Neave fought in the World War II and Joseph Stalin was a commander.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaïdjan, a bhfuil feidhm ag an gCoimisiún Náisiúnta na hAzerbaidjan. Is é le haghaidh légitimité de chuid Ard-Stiúrthóir Azerbaijan, ceangailte ar granite agus airgeadra bán., L'Azerbaquien Turchia Turku turku turqi was designed by Hüseyin Btiye
The orbital period of 1097 Vicia is 135589000.0 and it has an epoch date 31 December 2006.
Atlanta is a country in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Bakso e'n Indonesia, l'Indonésia is a leader de Jusuf Kalla. L'Idirénien ha bénéficié d'Ouzbékistan in Jakarta.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is a member of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, Brazil. Vila Nova Ftiye Clube., Mae's club confederata brasiliana Brésil in Brasil, became champions de la FC Campemiadores Arremiacao Saporião Saoda.
Izmir, Turkey is the inauguration date of 27th July 1932. It was inaugurated by  Ataturk Monument (Istanbul) in Turchia. 
Mae'r sauce Amatriciana in Italy, l'Italie is a leader de Pietro Grasso. L'Italia c'est la capitale di Roma, il Sergio Mattarella.
Bananaman, which was created by Tim Brooke-Taylor, is a radiodiffused by BBC in 1983-03. Il 15th July 1986, John Geering and its last aired on April 15, 1986.
Abdulsalami Abubakar e'r l'armée nigériane., Abraham Assami Ali Bakarak, f'un branch militaire in Nigerian.
The ACM Transactions on Information Systems, which has an academic discipline of Computer Science. It has a SSN number 1036-4075., It is abbreviated to the Associazione Trans. Inf. Syst.
Alan Bean, a commander in Apollo 12 is David Scott. He fought in orbite 100305.0minutes, and was operated by NASA. Is Alfred Worden's backup pilot of Apollo 12. L'Apollo 12 l'officier d'Apoul 12, j'était gníomhaire depuis 100315.0 minutes.
Stuart Parker, a footballer in Irlam Town F.C. A.F. C. Blackpool, is manager of the club KV Mechelen., Stutti Parker f'ilm Town FC O.L.A.R.B. blackpool (gancial) de la FC U.S.O.K.I.
Alison O'Donnell e'n label Deram Records in London, it has Fruits de Mer Records.
Mae Abdulsalami Abubakar, a fought in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice-Président Oladipo Diya. Aveva succeeded Olesegun Obasanjo., Abraham Alessio Diya is defunted by Mme Akhblanco.
Il-DuPage County, Illinois, y compris 300 North LaSalle where Rahm Emanuel is a member of the United States. Il-L-U.S. It has 60 floors.
Andrew White, a member of the Kaiser Chiefs, is associated with Marry Banilow. Andrew White's musician was born in 2003 and performed by Polydor Records.
Arem-arem is a food ingredient in banana leaf. 
William Anders e'r backup pilot Apollo 11 is William Anders. 
Twilight band Twilight genre black metal., Black metal genre is Black metal.
Aleksandre Guruli s'engaged in FC Karpaty Lviv, AS Lyon-Duchère.
Abilene, Texas is part of Taylor County in Texas, United States. Is a l'aeroporto régional d'Adéne i seirbhís degli Stati Uniti.
Lancia Spartak 164 is related to the Alfa Romeo 164.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore – 560090. L'Université Visvesvaraya Technological Institute was established in 2000 and operated by Dr G. P. Prabhukumar., L'Accademia de Technology Association is affiliated with B.M. Reddy as a president of Banjo, India.
Sadique Abubakar is a commander in the Nigerian Air Force. 
3Arena located in East Link Bridge. 
Abel Hernández e'n club degli U.S. Citta di Palermo, is a member of Peñarol.
The Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis and sporting body in the International Tennis Federation.
Mee Mike Akhigbe, a predecessor is Oladipo Diya.
The Acura TLX a transmission is 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6).
Mae Agustin Barboza, l'Azerbaidjan, Asuncion, Juan Afara, is a member of the Spanish language.
Autel Andrews County Airport located in Texas, Austin, Texas. It is the largest city of Texas where Austin and Austin are the United States.
L'Iodáil II is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Elizabeth II.
10 Hygiea epoch f'il 27th July 2015, it has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 km. It is 0.21 km/m per sec. L'espèce c'est 837080.744 squarekilometres. Ils poids de 10 Hygia n'y compris 164.0 kalvins.
Thomas Doll, Akeem Adams is a member of Ferencvarosi TC and Thomas Doll.
Hypermarcas, which was founded on 1st January 2001, is a subsidiary of Mantecorp., The Hypermarcais, in São Paulo, has its filial and manteCorp. It's located on 01st janvier 2001.
L'Ariane 5 n'est pas de 5.4 metres, l' Ariane 5 was manufactured by the European Space Agency and it launched site ELA-3, j'était le 2nd marzo 2004. Il diametro is 5.4 metri.
The runway length of an impasse it is 1533.0.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made from granite and white marble. It was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in feidhme sa Bhrasat Azerbaïdjan, where Hüseyin Btiyeur agus Hilmi Guner are led by Premier ministre., Inaugurated by Ard-Stiúrth Bakoi Turku Turru turru tarru ta' Bakar sarru Ta' Biner
Stanislaw Tillich is a leader in Germany. 
Hypermarcas, l'intermédiaire de Mantecorp, has 10252 employs. L'exonération totale d'Improvinas f'Ipromicinas in São Paulo, c'est 11252 salaries.
The Akron Summit Assault is a ground of St Vincent-St Mary High School., Akron's Algart Asssault was located in St. Vincent–St. Mary high School.
Auburn, Alabama is a country in the United States. It has an ethnic group of Asian Americans.
Albennie Jones, o Errata, Michigan, is a solo singer., L'Albany Jones was born in errata (Mississippi) and his background is jazz.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, l'Alban Schneider-Ammann is a leader in Ticino. L'Académie de Architattura Di Mendrinio s'est établit en 1996 agus ha 600 studenti.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaïdjan., 
Bobby Bibbowski, y compris Marv Wolfman, became Jerry Ordway. It was a creator de Bibbo Bibbaowski (Jenordway).
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica is an academic discipline of mathématiques., 
The length of the US submarine NR-1 is 45000.0 millimetres, and it has 3.8 m long. It was launched on 25th January 1969 in 1969. Its top speed is 8.334 km.
Abilene, Texas a part of Jones County in Texas. L'aeroporto residenziale degli Abilenes is 2194.0 and l'aerfort urrainn 2104.0.
Alex Plante, who was born in Manitoba, 1989, is a member of the MAECI.
 Asuncion e's part of Gran Asunción., Asuncion is parti de gran Asunció.
 Dale Tallon is a general manager of Florida Panthers. 
Mae'n tart f'Bakewell pudding is a variation of Bakewell tart. Is l'ingrédient de pâtisserie shortcrust. 
Aenir is the Australians who are an higher Veil, which was preceded by Aenur., 
Bakso e'n is l'Indonésia in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo are leaders.
Douglas R Oberhelman, AIDAluna is a key person in Caterpillar Inc. which has the power type of Deltaluna. 
Alan Shepard a bhaint as Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy).
The AIDAluna, which is located in Rostock, can be founded in California. It has a power type de Caterpillar Inc.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert in the region of Derbyshire Dales. L'université de la Bretagna, y compris l'almond almond, jam, butter and uova.
Meyer Werft is located in Papenburg.
Ajoblanco e's ingredient in Ajoblanco, Spain. It is a grantur de l'Espagne. 
17R/35L, l'Aviation Regional Abilene has a runway length of 2194.0 and it is identifier in the iceoالموقع KABI. It is 546 km above sea level.
B.M. Reddy, l'Université Visvesvaraya Technological Institute was established in 2000 and operated by Dr G. P. Prabhukumar. It is a member of Acharya Institute of Technology which has its president b.m.reddy.
L'Université Visvesvaraya Technological University is l'Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, which was founded by Kempe Gowda I. Its west is the Arabian Sea. L'Institiúll Acharya Institut de Technologie f'appartenants à il-Saskatchewan., Il-Accademia Deטכנולוגיa Il-Pháirt tal-Maîr ta' Sri Lanka c'est j'y
Akron, Ohio, is part of Summit County, U.S. In the United States, Washington D.C., are an ethnic group de Native Americans in the US., Mae'r Akron (Ohio), a t-Americans originated from New York District, O.K.
 Nikos Voutsis is a leader of Grecia. 
The Antares rocket is a launch site in the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport, which was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office. It has comparables with Delta II and Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Ayam penyet e's main ingredients of Ayamdnikov, which is from Java. It is a pezzied or squeezed fried chicken served with sambal. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Baku, Artur Rasizade and Hilmi Güler. It is a member of Azerbaïdjan as l'ormheastóir Hüseyin Btiyerini Anîsı., Ilmilitaire Turku Turru turru turku començato ar Ard-Aire an tSaskatchewan (Turquien Aniti
Audi A1 s'appartenant à Audi Brussels, a feithicil de 1.2 litres. L'auto-macchinamento di Audi A1. Il y compris 1.8 litri, f'échappement d'un modèle de 5 speed manual.
AMC Matador, a constructeur degli American Motors, manufactured da Eagle (automobile), produced dall'American Motors.
Illinois Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the U.S.U.
Stuart Parker e'r footballer Runcorn F.C. Halton, a manager of A.F. C. Blackpool, who plays for runcorn f.c. halton. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a media type in Hardcover.
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County., Albu iulia in Alba, part from Alba Contae.
Andrew White musician is a genre alternative rock.,  Andrew White (musician) performs Alternative rock.
Andra, a genre de pop music, performed by Andra in 2000. He fought actively in 2000.
Am J. Math., l'American Journal of Mathematics is an academic discipline of mathématiques and it has an first publication in 1878. It was abbreviated to Am J.
Julia Morgan, a New York Herald-Examiner in California, is l'architecte of Asilomar Conference Grounds. Julia Morgan operates un édifice significatif de Los Angeles herald examiner. Il y compris il Riverside Art Museum., Jija Morgan was born in Californie, and j'était feidhmiú per L'Alympian Conference grounds.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Il's leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Il AIDS (journal) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom, whose leader is David Cameron. L'universitéireacht per l'immunothérapie devrait être foilsé par Lippencott William & Webbins.
Chicago, Illinois where 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago (United States).
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996, where Mario Botta is an dean. It has 100 staffs acadatifs.
Binignit n'y compris le Visayas, massima ingrediente in Binignit is Sweet potato. L'ingredient coconut milk can be found i binignit en Philippines.
Adam Holloway, who was born in Kent, Kent is a member of the Parlaimint for Gravesham. He bhí ag feidhmiú le linn an 5 Meitheamh 2005 agus baíodh Grenadier Guards.
Alan Frew e's genre of rock music and it is originated from country music. 
Mae batchoy is a food found in the Philippines., Saskatchewan, Filippine, Paesi Bassi.
Alessio Romagnoli, who played at the A.C. Milan, is a member of Sinisa Mihajlović, Silvio Berlusconi, e'r manager degli AC Milan national under 17 football team.
William Anders, a commander in Apollo 8 is Frank Borman. He e'n commandant degli Apollo 8, l'Apollo 8 was born on September 1st 1969 and Buzz Aldrin operated by NASA.
Aerfort Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Austin, Texas. It has the capital city of Austin and Texan.
Aleksandre Guruli s'occupa de FC Karpaty Lviv, Oleh Luzhny. He is a member of FC Mawredia in Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium.
Hypermarcas, which is located in São Paulo, Brésil. L'imprenditore brasiliano c'est le president de la Corte Suprema Federale.
Ab Klink, a member of the House of Representatives, was born in Stellendam, Awst. Adjointed by Christian Democratic Appeal, whose alma mater is Leiden University.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, which has a runway name 14L/32R., 
Alvah Sabin, a member of the Whig Party (United States) is part of Vermont. Daniel Webster, became leader of Vremmont and belongs to Burlington-Vermont.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 March 1987 and it has an architectural style of arts and Crafts moviment.
The United States Air Force, which was operated by Al Asad airbase and Lockheed AC-130 is an aviation fighter of the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon in 1986., L'Aviation Force degli Stati Uniti ha feidhm ag l'Operating organisation for the U.S.
L'aeroporto international Ashgabat, a length of runway is 3800.0 and it has 211 metres above sea level in Metres.
Asser Levy Public Baths are added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd March 1980. It has a référence number 80002709 and it is aggiunto all'Arredáil de l'Ardáil Deifice, 1981-43.
Mae's Arem-arem is located in Indonesia, but it is più specific to Java. 
Bew kway teow l'Indonésia is a leader in Singapore, Tony Tan.
Aleksandrey Chirikov, l'icebreaker is built in Helsinki, Finland. Il gcomhpháirt f'Helsinki, Sauli Niinilä.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Marriott International and has 23 floors.
Alfons Gorbach, a bhí in Austria-Hongrie, and died in Autriche. Allora, Doris Bures is the leader de l'Autriche.
109 Felicitas has an temperature of 170.0 Kelvins. 
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. It has coden code ATSET. 
Arròs negre is in Catalonia, Spain. Squid is an ingredient degli aròs granates.
A Wizard of Mars is a media type in Hardcover. It's ISBN number 318900313 and Diane Duane.
Mae'r Addis Ababa, l'Etiopia is i dtír degli Stati Uniti. L'Éthiopie n'appartient pas ta'ni Mulatu Teshome ni Hailemariam Desalegn ni haïdi maidir le Olimpiadi Addio-Abeba. Il y compris il tempio Ta'ri Adagiu, mae f'Idaia b'Indaida; Haïliam Desa
John van den Brom e's manager of AZ Alkmaar, whose club is Istanbulspor A.R.S. and Robert Nietoorn. Is l'administrator d'AFC Ajax.
Auburn, Alabama is a country in the United States. It has Washington D.C. capital.
Mare Botta, l'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio n'appartenant a 100 staff académatiques. L'Académie degli Architesttura Di Mendrinio is istituit da Silvanio in Svizzera.
The A.F.C. Fylde contains 3180] membres.
A Wizard of Mars, a media type in Hardcover, has an ISBN number 978-20-15-204700-2 and is hardcover., The book number 97-20-4075-2 is he had the ISBN Number 978-1-15-206036-2.
The Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashfarat. It has 3800.0 runways, a length of 38.000.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., A.S. Roma e's play in 2014-15 Serie A and has 70634 member.
Alfred Garth Jones, who was born in Manchester, England, died o London., Abraham Gart Jones's birth place is Manchester en Angleterre.
Alfred Garth Jones, a governed by Boris Johnson, died in Sidcup.
Adirham Hall, which is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, it has the capital city of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte., Mae'r Adisham Hall (i haputala, Inji Lanka), c'est l'Injittura Tamil.
Aaron S. Daggett fought during Battle of Fredericksburg. He won a Purple Heart.
Alexandria, Indiana is part of Madison County in Indiana, United States. It is the largest city of Anderson and Anderson.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road - Bangalore – 560090., L'Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and operated by Dr G. P. Prabhukumar.
Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil and a main ingredients are Tomatoe, rouge chili. 
Aaron Deer, a member of The Horns of  felicity, is associated with the musical artist. 
Alison O'Donnell, a member of the band Mellow Candle and is associated with folk music. Alison E'donnell performs actively in 1963.
Aaron Hunt e'n club SV Werder Bremen II. He's club VfL Wolfsburg.
Antioch, California a total area of 925 is 75.324 square kilometres and it has an UTC offset of -7.
Anders Osborne a member of the band Tab Benoit, Billy Iuso, is associated with vocal artist Voice of Wetlands All-Stars.
James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison, Wisconsin, is a member of the University of Michigan. He discovered 101 Helena on July 15th1868. It has an alma mater de l'Université Michigan and died in New Zealand. 
L'Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Milan. L'Fiat Croma, f'appartenant l'Aleo-Rome 164 (il y compris il fauteuil de transport i Fiat croma).
The ALCO RS-3 was constructed by Montreal Locomotive Works and has a four-stroke engine.
L'aeroporto Alderney serves an arrondissement Alderny. 
A-Rosa Luna a longueur de 125800.0 millimetres, it was ordinato on 22th January 2004.
The Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000 and operated by Dr G. P. Prabhukumar, is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University., L'Institiúal de Technologie aIstituto di Teicneolaíochta J-Acharya (in India), it has été mbunaithe in 2000.
Hypermarcas, which is located in Brazil, has drugs.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., which has Douglas ROberhelmans., Mae-protagonist c'est DouglasR Obermembraan.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore – 560090. L'Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum, India. It was established in 2000 and operated by Dr G. P. Prabhukumar., L'Accademia de Technologie In Belgeum (Indjau), J.R.G.P.
Ace Wilder, who was born in Sweden, is a solo singer. It has an label record label of Warner Music Group and its background is soliste.
James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada, was born in Madison, Wisconsin, and died in Peritonitis., Mae 101 Helena fought in the University of Michigan, James Craig's alma mater de l'Université Michigan.
Alex Day e's genre is Synthpop, a density apo Disco.
Mae Adare Manor is a member of the Republic of Ireland.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played football for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Dynamo Moscow.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Ohio in the U.S. A Washington D.C. It has an ethnic group of Native Americans all'United States.
Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States where Paul Ryan.
The epoch of 1101 Clematis is 31 December 2006, and it has an orbital period 183309000.0. Its apoapsis is 520906000.0 km.
Meyer Werft was a constructeur of AIDAstella., Mae Meyer Wirft, l'Adastella is manufactured by Meyer Werf.
N. R. Pogson, a fought in Nottingham, on 17 Nollaig 2006, was discovered 107 Camilla and died in Chennai.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, which is located in Greece, Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos. 
Ats l'aerfort international Athens is located o Spata.
A Wizard of Mars, a media type de hardcover, is published by Diane Duane. ISBN number: 978-20-15-204700-2 and ISBN Number: 318900313., The author of A wizard of Marte, it has l'ISBN number 318875313 in Hardcover.
Alan Bean, a member of NASA, was born on 15 Meitheamh 1932. Alan Bean is in orbiter Wheeler, Texas. He operates Apollo 12 l'armée degli Stati Uniti. L'ordonnateur d'Abraham 12 f'Airteagal 12, j'était employé per test pilot.
Alan Bean, a commander in Apollo 12 is David Scott. L'Apollo 12 was operated by NASA and Alfred Worden. Alan Bean e's crew member of Apollo 12. Is l'avversario degli Apollo 12, g'Administrateur d'Apoul 12 (David Scott).
A Long Long Way, followed by The Secret Scripture., The English language is written in Great Britain and it followd by the SecretScripture.
Dan Mishkin e'n comic character Bolt, which was created by Paris Cullins. L'abbreviated name is Larry Bolatinsky., L'adjudiciel Bolt (compilateur Bolt), a member of Paris Culins, and it has an alternative name in the comic book Car Acter Pallin.
Bandeja paisa e'r a grange, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, Galiciao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), an albico agus limon.
Hypermarcas a phróidáil degli produits pharmaceutiques, y compris le cosmetici.
The AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock., Atta Cruise, which is situated a ROstock.
Anaheim, California contains 657 area code.
The comic character Bolt, which was created by Paris Cullins, is Gary Cohn.
Arem-arem e'n is in Indonesia, l'Indonésia comes from Javanese cuisine. Its leader is Joko Widodo and it has an rupiah indonesian.
Alan B Miller Hall, which is located in Virginia, United States, was a member of the Mason School of Business., The current Tenants are Alan B M. Miller hall, operated in Virginie, U.S.
 Rodrigo Dutiye is a leader of the Philippines. 
10 Hygiea epoch date 27th June 2015 is a member of the A900 GA. 
Arthur Blank is a member of Atlanta Falcons. Akeem Dent debuted team with Atlanta Falces and Arthur Blank.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established in Frederick County, Maryland. It is operated by the National Park Service for the Monocacy National Battlefield on 11 Luglio 1907.
Elliot See, a student of Texas at Austin, died in St. Louis, il 28 February 1966, and fought in test pilot.
The ALV X-1 is originated from the United States, where White Americans are one of the ethnic groups. It has an anthem in the Star Spangled Banner. 
Abel Caballero e'n in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was monarch., Babel Caallero, f'en exercice pendant quelqu'un d'orgueil Juan Luis I de Spáinn.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinîu, Moldova., Anderson Rayell is a member of Chisinau, Moldavia.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is 737 academic staff.
Aleksandr Prudnikov, who was born on 24th February 1989, is a member of FC Spartak Moscow. He plays for FC Kovan Krasnodar.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of Kota Samkhand. 
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia. Il-Arem-arem comes from Indonesia, y compris Java, ma c'est più specific to Java.
Alan B. Miller Hall is located in Virginia, Virginie, where Robert Gates has a chancellor. 
Alessio Romagnoli e'n club degli A.S. Roma in Serie A.
Frank G Jackson is a leader of Cleveland, where 200 Public Square was located., Feu200 Public square has l'yst arrondissement Ohio, in the U.S. United States.
Aaron Deer, a solo singer, is Psychedelia. He originated in Indiana, Indiana.
Atlanta a total area of 404, 678, 470 and it has 347.1 square kilometres. It has 1299.0 inhabitants per sq km.
L'aeroporto Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas, which is located in Alcobendas, has 3500.0 metres long.
Agnes Kant, l'enfance in the Netherlands, is a member of Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer., Mae Agnes Kant f'un parti de la Partie socialiste (náisiúnta) n'est pas i Paesi Bass.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl, A.S. Gubbò 1910 s'agissait in 2014, it has 55000 membres.
Aleksandr Chumakov, who died in Russia, is a led by Vladimir Poutine.
Alan Martin e'r footballer, is a member of Clyde F.C. Barry Ferguson, whose club is Motherwell FC.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for PAS Tehran F.C.
The net income of Chinabank is 15100000000.
Albennie Jones e's genre of Jazz, a jazz is originated from blues. 
Alan Shepard, a New Hampshire, was born on 18th October 1923 in California. He roghnò da NWC, M.A. 1957 and died in Californie.
L'université 1 Decembrie 1918 in Romania is a member of the Premier Minister, Klaus Iohannis.
Adonis Georgiadis e's Vice-Ministre for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping.
Auron, a person of the Americans, was created by Karl Kesel and Walt Simonson.
Artur Rasizade e's Memorial of Baku Turkish Martyrs' which is located in Azerbaïdjan. It was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats tued in the Battle of Bakou., Azerbaidjan, l'Arménie turque Turque martyrs were dedicato to The Ottoman Armers.
Ajoblanco, a currency in Spain, it is l'euro. Ajoblanco originates from Andalusia where Felipe VI is the leader of Spain.
Beiff kway teow, oyster sauce, gula Melaka, sciroppa, scaoilte, sechaithe, sesamo ola in Singapore ed Indonesia. Is l'ingredient dei bfeffe keow (Kway Teow), beef tender loin and gula melaka; sarigliata, crabe black beans, garlic, dark soy salsa, lignkuas, orecchie soja, chili agus se
Elliot See, a defunted in St. Louis, was born on 28th February 1966, and fought in 1963 by NASA. 
 Vica is a manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense., Vica's manager degli Awgremiacao Swysja Apiraquitasense.
Bill Oddie e's child with Kate Hardie.,  Bill Oddi, whose child is Kate Harie.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. It is governed by Ranil Wickremesinghe and it is part of St.K.
Alex Day e's genre is Synthpop, which originates from new wave music.
The epoch date of (19255) 1994 VK8, whose orbital period is 878850000.0. It has an periapsis de 615591000000., (1925) 1994 VF8 had an escape velocity of 0.0 925 km per second.
Adam Koc, l'armée polonais-Soviet war, Poland was a member of the Kashubian language and Joseph Stalin., Mae Adam Koc became in Poland whose nationality is Poland.
Bronze is a material of Atatürk Monument (Izmir) which has bronze.
Alfons Gorbach, a fought in Imst, imst. He died in Graz, it's County of Tyrol.
Aaron Turner, a fought in Massachusetts, mae's genre of Sludge metal. He is associated with Lotus Eaters (band Twilight), which was affiliated with the band lotus eaters., Alan Turner originated Massachusetts and he performed in 1995 as related to Lucian Metal. J'était l'animated musician Igor Turner whose genre is sludge métal. L'artiste singer Aaron
Amériques, where the ALV X-1 is originated in the United States, has an ethnic group of African Americans., Alvx-1 originates from the U.S. St.C. are a diaspora ethnique degli Afro-Americans.
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakwell tart. 
Alfred Garth Jones, a bhí in Manchester, London, led by the Labour Party (UK), c'était l'oifige de Manchester. Il y compris le Parlaimint na hEorpa.
Aaron Turner, a member of the band House of Low Culture, is associated with Mamiffer. Il musical genre de Black metal, f'appartenant l'Agglomération funky per Death Metal.
The Baked Alaska's course is dessert.
Apollo 14 is operated by NASA. 
Alex Plante, who was born in Manitoba, 1989, is a member of Anyang Halla., The football club Alex Plantes (became l'Anyang Hala).
The ALCO RS-3 is 17068.8 millimetres long and has 12 cylindres, a length of 12. L'Alco RS-3, which was constructed by Montreal Locomotive Works., L'Albano AC RS-3. It has 12,8 millimètres in larghezza totale per 12 litres.
Albert B. White, who died o Parkersburg, West Virginia, was succeeded by William M. O Dawson., WilliamM.O.Dawson and Albert B White's successor is William Mc O Deawson.
Gos Poyet played for AEK Athens F.C..
The rotation period of 1097 Vicia is 95060.0., L'amplitude density of 910 millimetri, it has 95000.0.
William Anders, a member of Apollo 8, was born on 17th October 1933. William Anders fought in the British Hong Kong and became an fighter pilot. AFIT, M.S. 1962.
The AMC Matador, a type of station wagon, was assembled o Thames, New Zealand. It has an alternative name called VAD Classic and is operated by ACM V8 engine.
Arlington, Texas is part of Texas where English is the language. 
Arlington, Texas y is part of Tarrant County in Texas, United States, where the largest city is Houston.
Hypermarcas a type of S.A. (corporation) is the key person in Hypermarca, which has an CEO and its CEO.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was preceded by 1634. The Baltic War, Eric Flint is born in Burbank, California.
Acharya Institute of Technology was affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It has been given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council per l'Istruzione Tecnica, which is located in Mumbai. Is istitutiva de la Fédération Internationale Tennis Federation.
Amdavad ni Gufa is a leader in India, where T. S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders.
Antonis Samaras, a successor de Konstantinos Mitsotakis, was in office while Antonis Samares is Vice-Ministre.
Attica, Indiana y's part of Indiana. It is the capital of Attica in Indiana.
The United Kingdom is a deonym of the British people.
Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, Greece, operated by Minister for Health. He is a minister for the Santé., The Adonisgeorgiadis (born in Atene) has office as Aire per la santé.
Appleton International Airport serves Appleton, Wisconsin, part of Grand Chute., Auroport international Appletone which is located in appleton (w) y's aeroport tenant feidhmio il granchute del Wisconsin.
The dessert is a variation of Ice cream. 
Abilene, Texas a is part of Texas in the U.S. St. A.K. and Houston is l'immense city de Austin, Illinois.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, y compris Vila Nova Fampeonato Clube, Brazil, is a member of Vica. Il campionato Brasileiro Série C in Brasil, bénéficie d'un total de 17 000 membres.
 Silvio Berlusconi e's president of A.C. Milan, which is a member of AS C Milan.
Mae Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States., SaorAc Lake (New York) n'est parti degli Stati Uniti.
Walter Baade, who was born in Göttingen, German Empire, discovered 1036 Ganymed and died in Gottingen., William baade's alma mater is Université de Gettingen.
La Crosse, Wisconsin is a subsidiario de Trane. It has 58.38 sq km/h.
Auburn, Washington is a part of King County in Washington, Stáit Uniti., Mae Auburn (y compris la capitale degli U.S. A.D.C.
ACF Fiorentina is a football club in Serie A, Italy. 
Akeem Ayers formerly team is the Tennessee Titans and was drafted on 2., Maeem Eyers, a member of the New Jersey Titanis, fought on 3rd July 2006.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, whose leader in Uruguay e' Tabaré Vázquez, was born in Montevideo. Daniel Martínez (politician).
Alan Frew, a solo singer, genre rock music is Rock music. L'album bhangra (music) can be found in blues music and it has l'abbreviated origins musicales.
The amount of 1036 Ganymed is 16.86 km per second., L'usmhéid de 10536 Gannymed has an متوسط speed of 168.6 km/s.
Lentivirus is a HIV genre of Lentivirus. 
Ahmad Kadhim Assad e'n club of Steel Azin F.C. and Al-Naft.
Chinabank, which was founded in Manila, Philippines, is located in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands.,  Chinabank (capitald in Filippin), operated by insular Gouvernement degli Infiliers.
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia. 
Columbus Blue Jackets is located in Columbus, Ohio., The city of New York and the United States are one of the crew leaders.
Mexique is a Spanish language. 
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of Antonis Samaras, who was born in Athens, is part of Konstantinos Mitsotakis, and Aleksandros Venizelos. Its successor is Makis Voridis.
Alfred Garth Jones, a governed by Labour Party (UK) is part of Greater Manchester. He was born in Manchester, England and led by Lavoro Party UK.
Adam Koc e's nationality of Poland. Adam Koc fought in the Polacco-Soviet War and is a polacco, l'armée polonais, Leon Trotsky.
 Dublin is part of Leinster., Ilenster, Dublin, a partire de Linnster.
Stuart Parker played for Bury F.C.
The eissn number of AIP Advances is 2158].
The Antares rocket, a launch site in Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office. It has 3.9 metres and its final airport is on 18 September 2013.
Alfredo Zitarrosa e's genre of Zamba, l'artform RCA Records. It has a background in solo singer. 
In India, Bhajji is a leader in T. S Thakur and Narendra Modi.
The Antwerp International Airport, which is owned by Flemish region, operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. It has a member of the Flèche Region. L'Atterrissage de l'Anfort International Awst was located in Belge.
Aleksandr Chumakov e'n club FC Torpedo Moscow, whose manager is Valery Petrakov. It plays in 2014-15 Russian Premier League.
Arròs negre is in Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader of Spain. Is a lingua spagnola.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was originated by Türk Spartaki Aniti. It is made from granite rouge and white marble., 
Alfons Gorbach, a fought in Imst, Austrian German. L'Autriche is l'austrian allemand an t-Austrian teanga: Doris Bures and died in Graz.
Amdavad ni Gufa, which was architected by B. V. Doshi, is l'architecte b.V.Doshi.
Alan Bean, a member of UT Austin, B.S. 1955, was retired in Wheeler, Texas. Alan Bean's mission is Apollo 12 and NASA operated by NASA. David Scott fought in test pilot.
Bill Everett won Eisner Award.
F. Vilas, 107 Camilla e'n discoverer F.Vilas., 107 CamillA is decouverte by F.
Akeem Priestley plays for FK Mughan. 
Jen Valor is the creator of Black Pirate, Sheldon Moldoff and Jon Valor. 
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia i 1987. 
 Infraero is l'oibríocht of the Afonso Pena International Airport., Afraero operated by Infraéro.
Claude Bartolone is a leader in France, y compris la langue française. C'est l'endroit de France o Gérard Larcher. L'espèce Barny Cakes originates from France. Ils peuvent être utilisés dans le secteur français, grâce all'étiquette franco-française.
 Agnes Kant a's office is House of Representatives (Netherlands).
Il Memorial Turchia Turku turc Martyrs', which was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Baku, operated by Hüseyin Btiyedir and Hilmi Guner. It is made from granite rouge and white marble. 
The AmeriGas is a member of the U.S. A.R.A., l'industrie degli énergies in America.
All India Council for Technical Education, Acharya Institute of Technology was given the official school  colour blue, White and Orange., L'Institiúal Tecnica degli Institi Units per l'Istruzione Tecnologica all India is a member of the School Couleur blu, white and orange.
Carl A Wirtanen was discoverer (29075) 1950 DA., The 29075), 1950DA which is discovered by Carl A.
Ahmet Ertegun, a derivative of blues is Disco and disco. Is l'espèce musicale Afro Americans in the U.S.
Ase Wilder's record label is EMI Records.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, which is located in Greece, it is led by Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis.
L'Italia e's leader is Sergio Mattarella. La salsa Arrabbiata a sauce in Italy, l'Italie n'est ninonimo degli Italiani. L'איטליה repubblicata è la capitale di Roma.
The Ariane 5 a launch site is ELA-3 in Guiana Space Centre, l'Ariane 5, j'env. L'Arien5 s'est installé ala-3].
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov is 21.2 and it was constructed by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Poblacht na Repubblica d'Irlande, a críona Ní Dhálaigh. Is l'endroit de Dublin i bPoblacht na hÉireann; 3Arena n'est ainmnithe da Live Nation Entertainment., Ils y sont gníomhachtaithe dal Baile Átha Cliath, Republic of Ireland. Ils are omhnaithe da live nation Entertainment and Crío
Julia Morgan, a New York City, San Francisco, was born in California. Julia Morgan is l'architecte degli Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Riverside Art Museum. L'Austin Castle operates le hearst Castle.
Bandeja paisa s'occupe de l'Antioquia Department in Colombia, Colombia. Bandeja paisa is a region of Antioquia.
Addiction (journal) a bbreviated to Addiction, it has an academic discipline per lCCN 92395978. It's nnuméro is 1360-0430. 
James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison, Wisconsin, has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, and is discovered by 101 Helena. It's apogée on 31 Nollaig 2006.
Bananaman, which is a radiodiffused by the TVV., Bananaman's Bananaman was broadcastd by SSTV.
Atlanta is part of Georgia (U.S.), where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups., A Atlanta is in Georgia, Stáit Uniti.
Airey Neave a service was inaugurated in 1935. 
1634: The Ram Rebellion which has 512 pages. It is published by Eric Flint, e-book and was a book in Ebook.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and it has Cumberland County (Maryland).
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé a macchinamento depuis 1958, f'appartenant à 2160.0 millimetres. L'abbonamento degli Abarth 2000 GT Cabriolet s'avançait in 1958. Il résultat d'un anniversario dernier is 21,60 millimètres.
Aleksandra Kovač, a member of the band K2 (Kovač Sisters duo), performer Rhythm and Blues. Aleksandra Kovac's genre is rock and blues.
 Valery Petrakov is a manager of FC Torpedo Moscow.
 Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States., Harrietstown n'est parti degli Stati Uniti.
 Cornell University is a doctoral Big Red. 
Amarillo, Texas is part of Randall County in Texas, where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where English is the language. 
Akeem Ayers, a member of New England Patriots, was born on 10th July 1989. He debuted on the Tennessee Titans and fought in 1989.
Akeem Ayers, a footballer de Los Angeles Rams, is l'université los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. He formerly coached Mike Mularkey, and he fought in the United States Titans.
Aaron Turner e's music fusion genre black metal is Death metal. Is a member of the band Twilight (band), where Black metal can be found.
Alfred N. Phillips, fought in the United States Army and was a member of the American Civil War.
Bananaman's first aired on 3rd October 1983., Mae Bananaman, whose first voyage was on 10th octobre 1983.
Alan Frew e'r genre rock music. Rock music is originated from country music and folk music.
Alvah Sabin e's successor of Homer Elihu Royce., Allora Sabin, whose office was secrétaire d'État de Vermont, f'espettore homer Elhil Eli Husson.
Ajoblanco e's ingredient in Ajoblanco is Almond and Andalusia. 
Lipincott Williams & Wilkins is the leader of the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is led. It has its capital in London.
Audi A1 e's assembled at Audi Brussels., The Audi A 1 is assemblé in Audi Belgium.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, a Volkswagen Polo. L'apparecchiature VW Polo devrait s'occuper d'Audi, c'est-l'attrezzatura SUV Ibiza.
Auburn, Washington y compris part of Pierce County in Washington, Stáit Aontaithe. L'Institiúid is Washington D.C.
Alan Shepard, who was born on 18th October 1923 in New Hampshire, is a member of NWC, M.A. 1957 and died in California.
Austin, Texas is part of Williamson County in Texas, where the largest city is Houston. It is a Spanish language., Sae'r Austin, Tex-part of Williamson County, Dallas, Illinois, and it is più loin de Houston.
Alba Iulia e'r din Romania, in Romania. 
Aaron Boogaard, who was born in Regina, Saskatchewan, is a member of Wichita Thunder. It has an height of 1937 km/h., Abragan f'appartenant à Jitta Thunder.
Mae Bionico a bionico is in Mexico, o Jalisco. L'ingrédients breise feront de la Raisin.
L'aerroport Alderney, y compris an 1st runway surface type de poaceae. L'arrivée is 733.0 km/h. It has a length of 737-3.
The Atlas II was a final season on 16th March 1998. 
A.T Charlie Johnson, a member of the American Institute of Physics, is foilsed by AIP Advances. It was published by L.I.E.B.P.J.S. in Stáit Aontaithe.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, which is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas, operated by ENAIRE. L'arrivée d'Adrai Adolfo Suarez Valencia–Barrajas has a runway name 18R/36L.
Ayam penyet is a member of Java where Banyumasan people are led by Halimah Yacob. Is l'université de Singapore, y compris the language English.
L'Adirham Hall is located in Sri Lanka. It was architectural style of Tudor Revival architecture, and it was finally completed in 1931.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, which was established in 1928, has 737 academic staff. It is operated by 737 student.
A Severed Wasp is a country in the United States, where Barack Obama is leader. Is l'ethnic group of African Americans.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, a dean is Mario Botta. L'Académie per l'Université cattolica di Istruginio in Sidruio (Suisse) y ha 600 studenti. It has 100 academic staff.
Andrew White, musician, a genre alternative rock is Nu metal., Anderson White (musician) performs Alternative rock's fusion genre nu metal.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a breithlaeth in New Britain,Connecticut, is an ethnic group of Native Americans negli Stati Uniti.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is part of Michigan in the United States.
Bhangnburg, Hong Kong, is a member of the Ungheria.
Albany, Georgia e'n is part of Dougherty County in Georgia. Is a member of the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Aaron S. Daggett, who was born in Maine, is a member of the Battle of Fredericksburg.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport, which is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, Lahore, Pakistan. L'aerroport international allama Awjiq tal-Lahore (Punjab), Pakistan; l'arrivée d'Anwar Zaheer Jamali, c'est journée pakistanaise.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, which is operated by ENAIRE, has a runway name 14L/32R. L'arrivée degli aeroport Adolfo SuarezMadrid–Barrajas in Madrid, il y compris 69.0 metres above sea level.
Mae Barny Cakes are a variation of chocolat. 
Il'Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. L'Administration civile de l'Aviation Authority pakistanaise, where Shehbaz Sharif is the leader of Lahore.
Antwerp International Airport serves Antwerp, which is located in Belgium. L'aerfort international Brussels accueille o Philippe de Belge.
In Madrid, Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas is a runway name 14L/32R. Il length de l'aerfort adolfo Suarez Spanja (y compris 40.0 km/h).
In Karnataka, India's Acharya Institute of Technology is a member of the International Tennis Federation. It was operated by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai, Arabian Sea. Il battaglione de tennis f'appartenant l'Association internationale Tennis Association.
Swords, Dublin is a member of the County Manager., The Swords and Dublin are led by the District Manager.
A Wizard of Mars is published by Diane Duane. It has a ISBN number 31775313]., The author of the book A-Wizard de Mars, which has an ISBN Number 322375413].
Il's escape velocity is 0.0112 km per sec, it has an apoapsis of 195192000.0 km., L'espèce de Lug Vicia ha a temperature of 171.0 Kelvins and f'aspsis di 530090000,0 km.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a member of the Defence Staff (Nigeria), was born in Minna. Abdulsalamu Abublanco, who worked as Chief of La Difesa Staff(Nigeria).
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, London. It is led by the European Parlaimint.
Arrrabbiata sauce is a food ingredient in chili peper. It is from Rome, Italy.
L'Amatriciana sauce is a grigione in Lazio, l'Italie. L'Istituzione c'est degli ingredienti d'Amiratoriana and Guanciale. Il y compris il toccon feoil f'italienna. Is comprises da Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil.
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3500.0 and it has an elevation above sea level -3.3528.
Walter Baade, a member of the University of Göttingen, was discoverer 1036 Ganymed in Germany. Walter baade is an Alma mater de l'Université di Gölingen., William Baada, whose alma mater d'université di Gottingen, comes from U.S.G.I.
The Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka. It is situated in the district of Lampara District.
The ethnic group of the Philippines is the Pangasinensis people., Il loro gruppo ethnique dei pinguisiens are the pancasinense people.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is a leader in Pakistan. 
A.C. Lumezzane, whose league is Lega Pro/A, plays in 2014 and it has 4150 membres., LegaPro/AC, there's played in 2014. It had 5150 members.
Bionico e'n ingredient in Granola, it is a dessert. Bionico comes from granola and can be varied from Cake. 
11/29, Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. It has a length of 896.0 metres above sea level and its runway name is 11/29.
(66063) 1998 RO1 a epoch date of 4th July 2013, it has an orbital period 360.29 days. It had an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km/m.
Allan Shivers, a fought in Lufkin, Texas, and was succeeded by Price Daniel. He worked as Governor of Texas.
James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison, Wisconsin, has an epoch date of 27th July 2011, and it was discoverer 103 Hera. It is a fought on 27 August 2011.
Elliot See, a defunted by St. Louis, was born on 23 July 1927 in Dallas. A student of the University of Texas at Austin is affiliated with the U.S. S.K.A.L.
Arem-arem e's region of Indonesia., 
Il-Rosa Luna, o Neptun Werft, in Rostock, Germania. Il-Galew Tillich was a constructeur d'A Rosa Luna.
Julia Morgan, a New York Herald-Examiner was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds. Julia Morgan is l'architecte de Los Angeles Hester-examinateur., Jura Morgan (born in California), j'y fought in San Francisco.
(19255) 1994 VK8 a periapsis is 6155910000000.0. It has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, ed it has 5.6 kg/kg and its orbital period was 878850000.0.,  (19255) 1995 VT8 fought at ebpoch on 31 Nollaig 2006. Its mass had 5.6 km/g, ma'd 5,6 kg (il]).
Alan Bean, who was born in Wheeler, Texas, is a member of NASA. He operated Apollo 12 and David Scott comes from the U.S. A.K.A.J.E.C.
Bacon sandwich, bacon sarnie, rasher Sandwich, Bacon sanie. Pae'n baco, bocon cob, bucon barm, macon muffin, is a base name of barbecue. 
Adonis Georgiadis, who was a member of the Minister of Economia, Développement and Tourism (Grecia), operated by Makis Voridis.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, Denmark, is affiliated with an European University Association. It was established in 1928.
GMA New Media is a parent company of the Philippine Entertainment Portal. 
Ala Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad. 
Ajo Blanco, which has an alternative name of Ajoblanco., 
Aaron S. Daggett, who was born in Maine, fought during the American Civil War and died in West Roxbury, ma's Purple Heart.
Ahmet Ertegun, a member of the United States, was born on 1923 in Washington D.C., and it has its background as non performing personnel.
Alvah Sabin s'engaged on 3rd March,1857., Aprav Sabin f'expected actively on 03/03/1857.
The inauguration date of the Akita Museum of Art on 28th October 2013., It was inaugurated on 22nd octobre 2013 and it has its inauguracion date.
1634: The Ram Rebellion followed by 1635: La Cannon Law., 165: L'Abraham Rebellion preceded by the Jurisprudence cannon.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis preceded by The Grantville Gazettes., 1632: La crise bavarienne is preceded by the Grantוויל Gazette.
Agusín Barboza, a part of Gran Asunción, gran Asuncion, Juan Afara. Il Paraguay is l'intermédiaire d'Agustin Bernada.
Adam Koc, who was born in Congress Poland, is a member of Leon Trotsky. Adam Koc became fought in the Polonais-Soviet War., Abraham Koc (born in Congrès Poland) baciait le polonais–soviet war.
Alberto Teisaire, a member of Isaac Rojas, was born in Mendoza, Argentine, 1891/05/20. He fought as Rear admirel and is succeeded by Jasper Rojasa.
Bew kway teow, a Singapore is in Singapore and Indonesia. It's region of Singapore where Halimah Yacob is led by Tony Tan.
The Acura TLX is a 3.5 litres., Acura TrLX's moteur f'un 3,5 litre.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was preceded by Grantville Gazette III, is published by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint., 1632: La Bavar Crisi originates dall'Autriche Gazzetta III.
L'11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Asian South Africans are one of the ethnic groups. L'Afrique australe is part of Cape Town. Is l'Australie communautaire de White Southafrica.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County in Indiana, United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Bill Oddie, who was born in Lancashire, is a member of BanSpartak., Bananaman's starred by Bill Oddi, and died in Lanscashire.
The ingredient of batchoy is Chicken. 
Anders Osborne, whose genre is Rhythm and blues, has a record label Rabadash Records.
3Arena which is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and was located in East Link Bridge.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr., who was born in Tampere, Finland, on 9th July 1995, is a member of the birth date of September 09, 1995., Mae Aleksandr Erkovj Jr.
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 membres.
Arròs negre is a member of the Valencian Community, where Cuttlefish is an ingredient. 
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., A.S. Roma's league is Serie A and Juventus F.C. are champions from Juventus FC. It has a full name in the Stadio Olimpico. 
John Roberts, l'université de 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States. Il y compris gli ethnic group of Americans Afro-Americans. John Roberts was a member of the U.S. A.K.
Amdavad ni Gufa, which is located in Gujarat, India. Is l'India where the leader is T.S. Thakur., Amidda niGufa comes from Ahmedabad o bhaile degli India.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State, Nigeria. Il Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria).
Albany, Oregon is a country in the United States., Aliny and Oregon comes from the U.S.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the leader of the city admin.,  Ann  arbor, Illinois is led by the City Administrateur.
A Glastonbury Romance, which has an ISBN number of 76798317, is 0-7156-3648-0., The ISBN Number of 7698317. It has a media type of Hardcover and it has hardcover.
FC Terek Grozny is a ground for grozny. 
The Addis Ababa City Hall, which has 42 m h air, is led by the governed Adis Afbeba. It's current Tenants are Governed Adbidil Abeba and its floor area is 140000.0 square metres.
Austrian German is the language of Austria., Autriche was a teanga in Austria.
Aaron S Daggett fought in Battle of Mine Run.
Albennie Jones e's genre of jazz. Jazz is originated from blues, Afrobeat.
Ayam penyet is a member of Java where Baduy are an ethnic group.
The Olympique Lyonnais is a ground of Parc Olympiques Lionnais. 
Icolo e Bengo, in Angola, it is located in Ícolo-Engo. It has a runway name of South Runway.
Buzz Aldrin a fought in Apollo 11 and operated by NASA.
Alan Shepard, who was born on 21th July 1998, died in California, Dianne Feinstein.
Alison O'Donnell e'r feidhmchlár jazz, is a musician autoharp.
The periapsis of 1099 Figneria is 34920600000000000 and it has an epoch date 31 December 2006.
L'AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, a tenant degli Marriott International, was l'architecte 3XN. It has 23 floors.
Il ALV X-1 originated from the United States, where Washington D.C. are an ethnic group of White Americans. It is part of the U.S. L.A. and its capital is Washington DC.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, a total name of Agremiacao Sicchiaraquiene, has 17000 membres. It's full name is AGermiação Sequiaraqueenne.
Mae Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Sarawak, is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati sarawak.
Arròs negre, in Catalonia, Spain, is a Cubanelle ingredient. Is l'ingredient dei briciolo bianco, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle Peppers.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez, who played for A.D. Isidro Metapan, is a club member of A-D Idir Metapán.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes.
Mae Chinabank, a chiffre d'affaires, is 15100000000.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Danmhairgis., L'École d'affari agus de la sociologia at l'Université Adarhus (Denmark).
GMA New Media s'occupa de mass media. It produce applications mobile, massima.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr. was born in Finland, Finland.
Mae Abel Hernández, who played for Hull City A.F.C., manager Steve Bruce, is a member of the FCAFC.
Mae'r AIDAstella, a longueur de 32.2 millimetres, operated by IATA Cruises. L'intermédiaire is Meyer Werft and l'aiguille was 253260.0millimetres. Il y compris 38.892 millimètres, c'est-ceulement de 3.2.2.
Alex Plante, a member of Anyang Halla, was born on May 9th 1989 in Brandon, Manitoba., Anyang halla is the club of Alex Plantes, whose birth date is an 11th July 1989.
Ayam penyet s'est in Java where Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. It can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore.
Akeem Priestley is a youth club of Jacksonville Dolphins. 
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Georgia, in the U.S. A.K. et Opelika, Illinois. Il y a famille ethnique degli Americans Afro-Américains.
L'aeroporto Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas, y compris gran parte de la Comunità di Madrid, is 610.0 km/h. L'arrivée d'Adolfo SuarezMadrid–Barrajas n'est pas loin de sea level; it has a runway length of 3500.0 millimetri.
James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison, Wisconsin, has 101 Helena fought in Canada. It was discovered by 101 Helen. He died in New York, Illinois. 
Allen Forrest's genre is pop music and has a background in solo singer. 
Ann Arbor, Michigan has 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre.,  Ann-Arbor (Michigan) has an population density of 1570.7 people per sq km.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds added to the National Register of Historic Places in Pacific Grove, California. It has a référence number 87000920.
The AIDAluna is a long-class of Sphinx class Cruise Ship.
Duncan Rouleau, a chiffred with Jamie Chung, is Americans. Baymax e'n film Big Hero 6 (film), y fought in New Zealand and was created by Jacqueline Chung. 
The A-Rosa Luna, a longueur de 125800.0 millimetres, has l'arrivée d'un bateau croisier. 
Batagor, o Siomay, in Indonesia, is a variation of Shumai. Is l'ingrédients de Chumai, ma s'y compris shiitake.
Anders Osborne, a member of the rock music fusion genre is Bhangra (music) which was associated with Johnny Sansone and became guitarist. Er's musical genre in Rock music but he performed by Awke Records.
11/29 is a runway name of Andrews County Airport., The 11/29 it's IATA name is the 12/29.
L'aerfort régional degli Alpa County is 210 km above sea level in Wilson Township, Innsylvania, Michigan. L'arrivée a length of 1533.0 and it has 210 m long.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians, followed by Alcatraz Versu the Scrivener's Bones., Letraz versus les evil Librariens, preceded by Albutel Verus and Chrétiener.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in EPSTH 2nd GROUP and has 1500 membres.
Il ALV X-1 originated from the United States, where White Americans are one of the ethnic groups., L'Alv X-1, originate dagli Stati Uniti, is a deonym as American.
Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib was succeeded by Sidul Abdul Tub Mahmud. 
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia, o Jusuf Talla.
Allan Shivers fought in the World War II. 
The Akita Museum of Art which was inaugurated on 28th September 2013, it has 3746.66 square metres., 3776.66 sq.m.
A Loyal Character Dancer is a member of the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
RCA Records which has a distribution company of Legacy Recordings.
Cármen Lúca is a leader of Brazil., The Brésil's leaders are Cárman Lústia.
Alvah Sabin, a defunted in Sycamore, Illinois, is part of Vermont's 3rd arrondissement di presidenza. Il y compris Burlington (Vermont), l'immense citta' de St.C. A.S.A.N.F.
James Craig Watson, who was born in Canada, is an investigateur of 103 Hera.,  James Craig (Watson) comes from Canada.
Mae's batchoy is from the Philippines, where Shrimp is an ingredient.
Poaceae, which is a class of Monocotyledon and has an order of Commelinids. It's 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) in New Zealand en matière de poaceae.
Alan Martin, who was born on 1st January 1989, is a member of Crewe Alexandra F.C. and plays for Aldershot Town FC.
Alan B Miller Hall, which is owned by College of William & Mary, was located in Williamsburg, Virginie.,  Alan b Miller hall, who's Owned the College de William and Mary.
Albany, Georgia e's part of Georgia (U.S.), is in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. Is a member of the US which has its language English.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090. L'Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University., B.M. Reddy Is a member of the Asarbaïdjan Institute de Technology comes from Karnataka o India.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the largest city in Washtenaw County., Ayrm's New York County (Washington), Michigan) is an higher city of Ann-Arbor.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County in Texas, where Washington D.C. is the capital.
Ajoblanco, a gcuid de Felipe VI of Andalusia, c'est l'Andalousia. L'Albana Diaz is repubblicata di Spáinnie.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., L'Acadtraz Versu the Labyrintals is part of the U.S.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff. 
The Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and it has a runway length of 2989.0 km. Is 211 km long.
Trane, which was founded in La Crosse ( Wisconsin), is a subsidiario. Trane has 29000 employs.
Alfred N. Phillips, who was born in Darien, Connecticut, is a member of theMayor of Stamford (Connecticut).
Edmund J. Davis, who died in Austin, Texas, e's place of decesso.
GMA New Media which was founded on 1st January 2000, is a member of mass media and felipe Gozon operates mobile applications.
 Hook'em (mascot) is a mascot of the University of Texas at Austin. 
Andra, a solo singer Andra, who was born in Romania, f'aois 1986. Tá an rhythm and blues genre de Rhythm and Blues.
In India, Bhajji is a leader in India. T. S Thakur is deonym to the Indian people.
Dan Mishkin e'r Puerto Ricans. Ernie Colon, a chiffred with the comic character Bolt, was created by Erni Colón, and it has an alternative name Larry Bolatinsky. 
The Acura TLX, which is a member of the Honda K Engine, was assembled by Marysville Auto Plant. L'apparecchiature c'est l'attrezzatura feithicle f'un modèle d'all-mercantile., L'approvisionnement in Al-marsville Autom Plant, il y compris le moteur de la Honda k engine.
Audi A1 a's body style in Audi Brussels, it has 1.2 litres. L'apparecchiature degli Audi A1.
Alfons Gorbach, a fought in Tyrol, Austria-Hongheria, Tirol. He died in Styria and Graz.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Tex., Mae Amarillo in Texas n'est parti de Potter Count, TX.
Aleksandra Kovač, whose genre is pop music, was associated with Kornelije Kovac., Kovac, Aleksandra Kluc, became associate with Disco Pop music.
The Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka., Ampara hôpital is operated by Sri Lanca.
Airey Neave, a member of the Knightsbridge, was born on March 30th 1979. He fought in Battle of France and fecame actively from April 4th 1974.,  Airey Nave (born on Mar 28th 1978) is operated by an battle of Franco-France and began his mid date en Mars 3rd 1979.
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, is a member of the test pilot and died in California. He graduated from Massachusetts.
The United States Air Force is a member of the Lockheed AC-130, Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle. It was operated by the U.S. Al Asad airbase fought in the war Korean War.
Adam Maher, who was born in Ait Ikkou, Maroc, is a member of Adam Mahers.
Adirham Hall is a country in Sri Lanka, Tamil., The language of Adisham Hall can be found in Singapore and Tamil.
The Al-Taqaddum Air Base is a 84.0 elevation above sea level. 
Arròs negre is an ingredient in Squid., Arròs néger's ingredient is saquid.
L'AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, whose parent company Wolters Kluwer. L'Autriche was led by Elizabeth II and David Cameron.
(66063) 1998 RO1, which has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km/km. Its minimal temperature is -71.0 (degree Celsius), a maximum temperature de 500.0 (kelvins) agus f'apopsis totale 25.495957.60815 kg/m.
 Dublin is a country of the Republic of Ireland., Dáilte in Dublin, Poblacht na hIrlande.
Poaceae, a catégorie de Monocotyledon, is l'ordine de Commelinids. L'Ordonnand Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has 2nd runway surface type de Poaceae.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Baku, Artur Rasizade and Hilmi Güler., L'Albanie is l'Azerbaïdjan a governed by Hüseyin Btiyerini Aniti, whose nickname is Türk Spartaki Anati.
Roy D. Chapin Jr., AMC Matador was manufactured by Eagle (automobile) and Chrysler is a key person of the American Motors whose successor is Eagle.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County, Georgia, u Stáit Aontaithe. L'Antart Atlanta n'appartient pas d'États-Unis.
Bhajji contains gram flour and autres fritters made from wheat or corn Flour., Bajji is similar to Pakora et altri friters manufactured from waheat ou corn flouri.
300 North LaSalle is located in Illinois, Illinois. It has 60 floors.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr. played for the National Hockey League.
The Acura TLX which is manufactured by Honda J Engine., L'Acura TCLX, a modèle of HondaJ engine, is constructed by Suzuki.
Arukles, which is a member of Aurakles, was created by Len Wein. Lien Wein can be founded as an alternative name (Autarles).
Anaheim, California e's leader of Anaheim in California is the United States House of Representatives. Is part of the Congrès degli Stati Uniti. L'Assemblée de représentants des États-Unis occupe l'Instáit., L'Avanaheim ( California) is a member of U.S.
Alvah Sabin, a governed in Georgia, Vermont, f'appartenant à la 3rd distretto de congrès. Il battaglione Ermont (Vermont) is l'envermont; il t-arrivée d'Abraham Sabin was oifige du Secrétaire D'État Voituren.
Mae's dessert is Baked Alaska, it has a variation of Cookie.
Alex Day, who was born in London Borough of Havering, is a member of the band Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell performs Electronic music. Alex Day began feidhme en 2006.
Mae batchoy is a peuple in Philippines. Ilocano are l'ethnic group, i Filippine English. L'Albany is an t-agglomération degli Igorot.
Abilene, Texas y is part of Texas in the United States, where Washington D.C. is one of the languages English.
Aenir, l'universitéal Garth Nix, is 45644811 and it has a ISBN number 456 44811., The author of Aener (ganth nix) ha i media type print.
Mae Barny Cakes was created by Mondelez International. 
A.S. Gubbio 1910 Srl, y compris in 2014, is a member of 5300 membres.
Sergio Mattarella, l'Italia is a leader in Italy. L'Italie c'est la salsa Arrabbiata which originates from the Italian language. 
Ab Klink, who was born in Pays-Bas, is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party., Abraham klink became retired from the Erasmus University Rotterdam.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was authored by Virginia DeMarce, has 512 pages. Its ISBN number is 1-4165-2060-0.
Abilene, Texas a County code is 325., The area code of Abilenne, Austin contains 325.
Alan Shepard, who was born on 18 October 1923, New Hampshire, is a member of Apollo 14 in California. He graduated from NWC, M.A. 1957 and his Alma mater was Apollo 14.
L'arrabbiata sauce is a ragione in Rome, Italy. L'indirizzo degli arrabbiatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil. Is l'ingredient d'orrubicos, granturcois, olivois.
Adenan Satem e's Alma mater de l'Université d'Adelaide. 
Mae'r footballer, Abner, a manager of Real Madrid Castilla, is Luis Miguel Ramis. Is l'agglomération de Coritiba Foot Ball Club.
Macabi Tel Aviv B.C., l'entraîneur is Zan Tabac., Salicy Tel-Aviv C.B.J.
Tom Lyle, created Blockbuster (comics character) Roger Stern. It is a creator de Tom Layle. 
107 Camilla epoch was on 31 December 2006.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a country in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. Is l'université de Gran Bretagna., The English language originated from the U.
Mae'r Celery, a famille degli Apiaceae, is an gnome d'Apium., Ame'ir Bakso, c'est l'agglomération dei Cerery (en Apium).
Rhythm and blues is a derivative of Disco. Andra's musical genre is Rhythm & Blues, which has solo singer in disco.
 Potter County, Texas is located in Texas.
The AMC Matador is a model year of 1974 and was assembled o Kenosha Wisconsin, Wisconsin. It has an memorandum of transportation with the Ambasciator ACM.
Bhajji, which is a member of Bhajji in Karnataka, has its main ingredients: gram flour and vegetables. L'ingredient de bhajji (gan feidhmiú) c'est le hallu talu Talutal.
L'Arctech Helsinki Shipyard Aleksey Chirikov, l'Arctique Helsinki Boatyard is a fought in Finland. L'arrivée dei Finns (il ghabhthóir Aleksandre Yrinkov).
The escape velocity of 1089 Tama is 0.0068 km per second., It has a fuga velocità de 0,0068 kilograms per sec.
L'Angola International Airport serves Luanda, a luanda is 159 metres above sea level in Metres.
The Antares rocket, which was launched on the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It has a maiden ship on 09/01/19 2014.
20 Fenchurch Street, which was buildinged in janvier 2009, is located in Janvier 2009.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., a total name of A.S. Roma is Rome, Italy. It has 70634.
Agra Airport is located in Agra., 
Alison O'Donnell, a derivative of jazz, is Funk. Il disco label has the static Caravan Recordings.
(66391) 1999 KW4, a density of 2.0 gram perCubic Centimetres, has an apoapsis of 162164091.6036 km., The media speed is 37.16 km per secs, and it's densit 2.0 kg per cubic cintimetres; (66391), 1999 Kw4 in amount of 1,68 kilograms per seconds).
Polainn, Poland, is a member of the Romani people., Pologne's ethnic group is romani people.
Ajoblanco, l'endroit alternative to Ajoblanco is Ajo Blanco. L'ingrédient originates d'Ejonegre in Spáinn.
The AIDAstella is operated on 17 March 2013.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Abraham Taïb Mahmoud, became feidhmiú da parte de la Parti pesaka buimiputera Bablanco.
Aleksandra Kovač e'n genre de rock music, Aleksandra Kovac f'en 1990. It was actively launched in 1990.
L'Angola International Airport, which is located in Ícolo e Bengo, it is part of Luanda Province. It has a runway length of 4000.0 and an elevation above sea level in Metres 159.
Apollo 8 is operated by NASA. 
Bakso e'n is a food in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in 2014 and it is a season of 2014.
Felipe Gozon is a parent company of GMA New Media, y compris felipe GOzon. Is l'employeur pubblico de la GGMA Network (entreprise).
Aaron Bertram e's band member of Suburban Legends, a genre Ska is Ska.
Elliot See, who was born in Dallas on 27 حزيران/يونيه 1927. He died in St Louis on 23 July 1927.
Elliot See, a defunted in Dallas, St. Louis, was born on 28th February 1966, and his alma mater is University of Texas at Austin. He e'n l'université Tex-Austin. Il y s'enfreigned in San Louis (1966-02-28).
The A-Rosa Luna contains 125800.0 millimetres long. It was christening date of April 4th 2005, and it has a length of 120000000 millimetri.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was authored by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce et al. It has 512 pages.
Buzz Aldrin, a member of NASA, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, and is retired by NASA. It has an Alma mater de Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
K-W United FC is champions of the Premier Development League. 
L'université 1 Decembrie 1918, o Alba Iulia, in Romania, is a città d'Alba-Iulia. L'augmentation devrait l'anonymat di Dăa5.75-te, romeni., Il aniential din Romania f'agglutinato tra le Germans rom, Klaus Iohannis, ma chathair du Bucharest.
L'aerfort régional degli Alcan, Michigan is 210 km/h. L'aeroporto residenziale d'Alpena in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County (Michigan), l'asfalto luas 1533.0, il y compris 210 m2.
Ram Naik, Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh. L'Agra Airport n'appartenant a Kheria Air Force Station. Il y rassembler l'arrondissement i Bundelkhand e bénéficient d'un nom native de kheria air force station.
Gabriela Michetti is a leader of Argentina. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Baku, where Hüseyin Bwyser and Hilmi Guner is a capital.
The La Crosse, Wisconsin is a total area of 58.38].
HOK SVE, architect 3Arena. 
The ALV X-1 is manufactured by the Assembly Techsystems, which has a AGM-88 HARM.
Aenir, l'universitéal Garth Nix, has a ISBN number 0-439-17684-0., Mae-ISBN number 0-3917934-0, Aener is auteur d'Garth nix and it was printed.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore – 560090., L'Acharya Institute of Technology has 700 postgraduate students and is a member of the city of Bangalore, India.
The ISBN number of A Long Long Way is 57392395, which has l'ISBN number 00-670-03380-4., A Long long Way was a book number 67393084, it has the ISBN Number 0-6703380-4.
Bew kway teow, which is located in Singapore and Indonesia. It's main ingredients are Kway Teow; beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shringed, sected black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, levekuas, oryster salsa, soja, chili agus sesame oil., Beew Kway taow comes from Singapore et Indonesia.
Bhajji e'n Bhajji in India, l'India is a leader de Narendra Modi and Vajubhai Vala.
Akeem Adams, a member of the United Petrotrin F.C. in Palo Seco, whose manager is Thomas Doll, footballer Ferencvarosi TC and Gábor Kubatov.
Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County, Georgia., L'Alabama is Atlanta.
Ram Naik is a leader of Uttar Pradesh in Awadh., Mae l'Agra Airport n'appartient i Bundelkhand, y compris un po' d'Afghanistan.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad e's club of Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C. in Iraq, where Adnan Hamad is a manager.
The apoapsis of 1099 Figneria is 603618000.0 km. It has a متوسط speed of 16.37 km per seconds. 
Akeem Dent, who was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th July 1987, is a member of Houston Texans., J'aimée Det f'Atlanta (Georgia), has an former team at Texas Texens. J'aurais l'adolescenza de 1987 ar Atlanta.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Sarawak, is a member of the Borneo British borneo. Adenan Satem fought in sarawak and had its successor as AlenanSatem.
Hugh Hazzard is a full name of Bozo the Iron Man., Buzzo's Ironman, which has l'entièrely named Hugh Hazard.
(66063) 1998 RO1 epoch was on 4 July 2013, and it has a escape velocity of 0.0999 km per second. 
Attica, Indiana contains 783.1 inhabitants per sq km. Attica is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, In Indiana, a total area of 44,5 km/km. Il y's population density f783.1 (inhabitantes per square kilometre).
The American Journal of Mathematics is an abbreviated to Am J. Math. It has an academic discipline of mathématiques, y include 1080-6377.
Abel Caballero, a fought in Ponteareas, Andalusia, Spain., Mae'n Abel Caffelgallo (Galina), became i Ponte Area.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, a full name is A. E Di Mitr Efwysoupolis., 
GMA New Media, a type of media company, is in the World Wide Web. L'industria degli médias GMA Numérique, f'appartenant à l'industrie d'intrattenimento.
A Glastonbury Romance has an ISBN number of 00-7156-3648-0., The book number is 0-676-13-67-64, 
Alan B Miller Hall e's Mason School of Business is located in Virginia, United States. It was finally completed on the 5th June 2009.
 Agnes Kant risiede nei Paesi Bass.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy. Is a language Italian.
 Funk's music fusion genre is Afrobeat. 
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, l'Austria. 
The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact factor of 1.37.
The periapsis of 1101 Clematis is 445895000000.0. It has an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
The Delta II was launched by Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Abilene, Texas a part of Jones County in Texas, United States. It is the capital of Washington D.C., where Washington DC is led by Washington de C.S.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaïdjan, y compris la légitimité de l'Assemblée Nazionale (Azerbaijan), i québécoise. L'Azerbaidjan bénéficie d'Ungheria Nationale (Azerbaquien).
Amdavad ni Gufa, which is located in Gujarat, India. Is l'Assemblée législatife Ahmedabad a governed by T. S. Thakur., Approvingadh Amdnikov niGufa i Maharashtra o Uttar Pradesh u bhaile ta' Affari tal-Inghilterra.
The United States Air Force airways is operated by Al Asad airbase and Lockheed AC-130. L'armée General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon in the U.S.
Adam Koc, who died in New York City, e'n Adam Koc.
Atroport international Atlantic City, New Jersey, y compris l'Egg Harbor Township. It is part of Atlantic County, new Jersey in the U.S. and it has an elevation above sea level de 23,5 km.
Massimo Drago, who played for Delfino Pescara 1936, is a club of Delfini Pescare 1936., 
VIAG is located in Agra Airport, India. L'Operating organisation for the Indian Air Force and an icao location identifier VIAG.
Lem s'agglutine in bandeja paisa, it is l'ordine de Rosids. Ilm y compris le Rutaceae region of Paisa region.
Alex Day, a member of Chameleon Circuit band, is associated with Charlie McDonnell. Alex Day performs Electronic music and fought in 2006.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a food found in Great Britain, where Joe Biden is leader. Is l'ethnic group of African Americans.
A.F.C. Fylde is a ground in thefyllde. 
 Jens Hartel played for SV Germania Schoniche., Jens Härtel is a member of SVGermania olfsburg.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is a ground in Italy., 
The Atlas II originates from the United States., Atlas II originated from l'U.S.
Allan Shivers, a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur), was succeeded by Ben Ramsey.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, whose alma mater is Université d'Adelaide., Abraham Taïb Mahmoud was Alma mater de l'Université di Adelaide.
AIDS (journal) is a member of the Orthoretrovirinae and has an academic discipline in HIV. 
Livorno Calcio S.p.A. A.S. Livorno, calcio in Stadio Armando Picchi, has 19238 membres and is a member of 19238.
Bacon Explosion is a sausage in the United States. L'ingrédients de bacon explosion f'esplosion, y compris le Sausage.
Agusín Barboza, who was born in Asuncion, Paraguay, is a solo singer. It has an background of Guarania (music).
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase, which was operated by the U.S.A.F.w. is a member of the Operation Enduring Freedom.
Aleksandre Guruli, who played for FC Matsredia, is a member of FC Säderia.
Felipe Gozon is a key person of GMA New Media., Fabel Gozan, Felipe GOzon's Key person is felipeGozon.
The AIDAluna, a longueur de 252000.0 millimetres, is connected to Caterpillar Inc. and it was maiden voyage on 22nd March 2009.
In Belgaum, l'Université Visvesvaraya Technological Institute is affiliated with the Vives Varaya Technology University. It was given the TechnicalCampus status by All India Council for Tecnico Education in Mumbai.
200 Public Square which has 45 floors in Cleveland.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road - Bangalore – 560090. L'Université Visvesvaraya Technological Institute a Belgaum is affiliated with B.M. Reddy. It has 700 postgraduate students in the city of Belgeum., L'Acharya Institute of Technology s'engaged in 2000 agus f'apparecchiat 600 postdoctors
Atlanta, Indiana is part of Madison County in Indiana, United States. Il's capital de l'Indiana, y Anderson and Anderson.
Alison O'Donnell a became active in 1963 and flibbertigibbet. Alison E'donnell, whose musical genre is folk music of Ireland, was associated with Mellow Candle. He performs artist mellow-Candle.
Aerfort Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. It has an deonym of Texan and its language is English.
Duncan Rouleau, a chiffred with Scott Adsit, was Steven T Seagle. Baymax e'n film Big Hero 6 (film) degli Americans.
Trane, a Swords, Dublin, has an revenue de 10264000000. Trane is operated by building management system and its net income is 556300000.
The record label of Agustín Barboza is Philips Records.
Tarrant County, Texas, which originates from the United States.
L'université 1 Decembrie 1918 o Bucharest, Romania is a member of the Germans and Klaus Iohannis. La capitale de Romania in Romania c'est Bucarest.
The Alhambra has a maiden voyage on July 7th 1855.
The A.C. Lumezzane is a season of 2014-15 Lega Pro.
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, Denmark, is affiliated with an European University Association. It was established in 1928. L'école de business and social Sciences f'Aarhus County, Danemark, has 16 000 studenti agus 737 ተማሪዎች.
John Roberts is a leader of the United States, where John Roberts and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Sandesh (confectionery) is a dessert from Mexico, where Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of Mexico.
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois., Illinois Chicago s'occupe de Dupage County in Illinois.
Alison O'Donnell commence actively in 1963. 
Alan Bean, who was born in Wheeler, Texas, is a member of NASA. He operates Apollo 12 l'Astronaute NASA, where Alan Bean comes from the U.S.
Aleksandra Kovač's background is solo singer.
Binignit, l'ingredient principal degli Sago, is sweet potato.
Adam Koc a fought in the Poland-Soviet War and became an order of Polonia Restituta. Adam Koc ha feidhmi per la Cross of Valour (Polainn).
Aaron Turner e's music fusion genre black metal is Death metal, a member of the band Twilight and Greymachine. L'Alban Turner f'espèce de Metal Black metal et l'électrogenre funky in Death Metal.
Aaron Turner, a member of the band Lotus Eaters, is associated with Old Man Gloom. He fought actively in 1995 and plays Electroacoustic music.
Frank de Boer e'r manager of AFC Ajax which is affiliated with Frank de Boe, a football club., Former Frank De Boer he's member of the Académie Youth Academy.
 Meyer Werft is located in Germany.
Alfred Moore Scales, a fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg, is part of the American Civil War., Abraham Lincoln, became l'armée Abraham Lincoln.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Overland Campaign., Adolf Moore Scláb is a member of the overland, Campagne.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Illinois. Il comhlacht de Opelika, Al-Alabama in the U.S. Auburn (y compris l'Albutriche).
The mass of 1099 Figneria is 2.7 km/kg.
Abilene, Texas a n-arrondissement degli Stati Uniti is part of Texas. It has 1121.0 runway length. L'arrivée totale d'Aljanne in Texas, Stáit Aontaithe.
Aleksandre Guruli, a member of FC Karpaty Lviv, is l'oblast Olympique Lyonnais. He gcomporta Jean-Michel Aulas; j'était membre de FC Valaty Laviv.
The epoch date of 1001 Gaussia, 1923 OAA907XC, has a periapsis de 419113394 55312 km/km., L'ex-nome di 1001 Gassia ha l'emasquata on 27th July 2015, it has an apoapsis f'419114075.5512.
The United States Air Force aerei Al Asad airbase is operated by Lockheed AC-130, Boeing C-17 Globemaster III. L'Invasion of Grenada, f'Aviation Force degli Stati Uniti, fl'invasion of Panama; l'Operating organisation for the U.S.
Aerfort International Antwerp, which is a member of the Belge in Belgio, c'est Philippe Michel. L'arrivée internationale de l'Anvers n'y compris i teanga all'anvers.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia, Malaysia. Y's ethnic group of Malaysian chinois. Is l'ingrúpa ethnique de Malaysiani. L'ingrédients are Fried chicken and the main ingredients are Chicken.
 110 Lydia, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, is 39332.9.
Ace Wilder, who was born in Stockholm, on 23rd July 1982, is a solo singer. It has an background of singing soliste., Ase's razza d'Ace-Wilder comes from Stockholm and he had an apogée en 1982.
Austin, Texas a population density of 1296.65 (inhabitants per sq km), it has 686.0 square kilometres and its area code 512 is 512.
Aaron Turner, a member of the House of Low Culture, performs black metal music fusion genre de Death metal. He is associated with Twilight (band) which plays Black metal and was affiliated with house of High Culture. Is é l'incubature funky dark metal rock.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II and the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Alison O'Donnell, a member of the band Plastik Mak, is associated with Plastic Mak., Mae Alison Or Donnell was associate with plastic Mak and head South By Weaving.
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States. It has an ethnic group of Asian Americans., The Akron (Ohio) is parti degli Stati Uniti.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Adenan Satem. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with an European University Association. It was established in 1928, where 737 academic staff is 737.
Ajoblanco, a gcuid de l'acqua. Ajoblanco comes from Andalusia, Spain. It is an ingredient in water.
Albert B. White, who was born in 1856 on 22nd July 1956, died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He attended il 3rd حزيران/يونيه 1941.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, in Indiana, United States., Adir Anderson, In Indiana (United States).
DeSoto Custom, a depuis 1955 Dodge, was manufactured by Desoto Firedome. L'auto manufacturier De Soto (automobile). Il Chrysler Newport is l'apparecchiature DeSuoto in 1955.
Attica, Indiana is part of Indiana, in the U.S.U. where Attica and Indiana originates dall'Inde., 
Gos Poyet, a football club is Chelsea F.C. A's league of Superliga Greece, c'est l'istituto degli Olympiacos FC. Il gcomhlacht Juventus f'Istituzione greca, grâce à Ard-Institiúzione Greca. GusPoyet plays for Real Zaragoza.
Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India. 
Anaheim, California e's part of Orange County in California, United States.,  Anaheim is parti ofOrange County (United States) and the Greater Los Angeles Area.
Aleksandra Kovač e'r rhythm and blues musician Aleksandra Kovac, whose genre is Rhythm and Blues. Kornelije kovač was a member of the musical artist Pavli Dol.
Andrew Rayel, who was born in Chișinîu, Moldova, is a member of the band Trance and Christian Burns. He performed by Armin van Buuren., Abraham Ryel fought inChișinău (Moldova) agus became active in 2009.
Abradab, who was born in Katowice, Poland, is a member of Abradab.
Allan Sandage, Walter Baade, a student of the University of Göttingen, was discovered 1036 Ganymed. He died in West Germany, ma'r Alma mater de l'Université di Gottingen., William Baada, whose doctoral student is Allan sandage.
Anaheim, California a total area of 131.6 sq km. It has an elevation above sea level de  48,4 km/m., Mae Anaheim in California ha l'area totale 121.6 square kilometres.
The Acura TLX is a constructeur of Honda, Honda. It has l'intermédiaire-four engine. 
Buffalo, New York, a part of Erie County, Nuy. It is propriétaire de 250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo (New York).
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. It has an elevation of 618 metres above sea level in feidhme.
Sausage is an ingredient in bacon Explosion which originates from the United States.
Alan B Miller Hall, which was operated by College of William & Mary, is located in Virginia, Virginia. It has 30 March 2007.
The Antares (rocket) a launch site in Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with Minotaur V. It was comparable to Delta II, which originates dagli Stati Uniti.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. Sumitra Mahajan is led by Narendra Modi.
Alan B Miller Hall, a governed by Robert A. M Stern, is l'architecte de Mason School of Business in the U.S. St.N.A.J.R.L.M. Stern and was gníomhachly operated from Virginia.
Allen Forrest's genre is pop music.
Chorizo is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa., Bandeja paisa is a food found in Chorizo.
Alpharetta, Georgia e's part of Georgia (U.S.), is in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Airey Neave a fought in the Battle of France on 30 March 1979. He became actively attended by Order of the British Empire on 28 Márta 1979.
Bakewell pudding was created by Rutland Arms, Bakewell en 1820. Its main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and  egg., Baquewell Pudding is creato byRutland Arm, Bakuwell in 1820.
Al Kharaitiyat SC, a member of Amar Osim, is part of Al Khor. Alaa Abdul-Zahra's club f'Abrab Al-Ordon Club and it plays for the Qatar Stars League.
Allan Shivers e'r a militaire branch in the United States Army. 
The ALCO RS-3 is 17068.8 millimetres, a length of 7068.8 mm. It was constructed by the American Locomotive Company in May 1950 - August 1956., L'Alco RS-3, which has an height of 178.8mm (millimetres). L'ACAO RS-3. Il y compris le V12 engine and it was builded on mai 1950-August 1956.
The Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in Invasion of Grenada., L'Operating Enduring Freedom for the U.S.
Austin, Texas is part of Williamson County in Texas, where the largest city is Round Rock and Georgetown., The county seat de Austin (y compris round Rock) which has a Spanish language.
Bacon sandwich, bacon sarnie, rasher Sandwich, Bacon saner, pièce 'n baco, bocon barm, bbacon muffin. Is l'ingrédient is ketchup or brown sauce. 
Aleksandre Guruli, who played for FC Dinamo Bakumi, was manager levan Khomeriki. He is a member of FC Dynamo Barumi and plays per FC Matsredia.
Elliot See, a member of the University of Texas at Austin, is part of Kingdom of France. Is l'université de Texas in Austin; it has an affiliated with the U.S. S.A.
Angola, Indiana is a country in the United States. It has an ethnic group of Asian Americans.
Alfons Gorbach, a fought in Tyrol (state), was born in Imst. He died in Graz. A'mst is l'Imst.
Aston Martin Virage, l'actionnaire degli Aston-Martin V8, f'appartenant à Al-M.RHAM/1, c'est un successor d'Al-Mar-Maer-Saoul Martin RHAM/1.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It's north is Cumberland County (Maryland), Gettysburg, Pennsylvanie.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, is located in the United States where Americans are anonym.
Akron Summit Assault is a member of the Premier Development League, where K-W United FC are an champions.
John Madin, a governing body of Birmingham City Council and Andrew Mitchell, was born in Birmingham. He is l'architecte de 103 Colmore Row whose headquarters are the B postcode area.
Bajji is a leader in India, where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India.
Buzz Aldrin, who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, operated by NASA. William Anders is a leader of the U.S. A.K.A. J.J. Is l'université de Essex County (New Jersey) o Apollo 11 e Williams Anders.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Menasha (town), Wisconsin. It serves Appleton and Clayton, Winnebago County in Wisconsin.
Bill Marriott International is a key person in Bill.
Abraham Abdulsalami Abubakar, a member of the Nigerian Army, was in office pendant quelqu'un d'Usegun Obasanjo. Aveva bénéficié il 29 Meith deireadh 1999, Mike Akhigbe, and his predecessor is Oladipo Diya.
Arlington, Texas a's elevation above sea level is 184.0.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a member of the Nigerian Army, was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice-Président.
The Memorial of Baku Turkish Martyrs and Hilmi Guner is located in Azerbaijan, Azerbaïdjan. It was created by Hüseyin Btiyener et Halimi Güler., Ilmilitaire kurdes Baku Turirs are named Türk Spartaki Aniti.
L'Arctech Helsinki Shipyard Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland. L'Arctique Helsinki Boatyard is 21.2 km/h, l'Azerbaidjan (il icebreaker) operated in feidhme.
Stuart Parker, a footballer in Sparta Rotterdam, is manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, whose club is Spartra Rotterdam. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is a member of the United States where Barack Obama is leader. It is an ethnic group of Native Americans in the U.S. Il y compris l'Albaquie City Council.
Maruusi is a member of the Olympic Stadium (Athens) in Marousi.
Akron Summit Assault is a ground in Akron, Ohio, United States., 
L'Asser Levy Public Baths was in 1904 and a year of tionstruction., The Asser Levay public Bathes was en 1904.
Arròs negre is a food ingredient in Cuttlefish.
A.C. Chievo Verona, in Serie A, plays for Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi.
Akeem Adams e'n club of the United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is Palo Seco, Trinidad-et Tobago national under-20 football team. 
Buzz Aldrin, a New York Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963, fought in Apollo 11. Edwin E Aldin Jr.
L'Alhambra a longueur de 63800.0 millimetres, l'Albam (wrecked) is 8.3 m. L'Albubra has an elevation of 84.9 millimetris.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is published by J. V Jones, ISBN number 51969173 and it has a book number 00-7653-0633-6.
Mae Abel Hernández, a member of Hull City A.F.C. C'est un club de Peñarol and Steve Bruce.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves Amsterdam., The city of Amsterdam is located in Amsterdam.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originated from Great Britain, where Barack Obama is a leader of the United States. Is l'ethnic group ethnique degli African Americans.
In the United States, there are ethnic groups of Native Americans., 
Abner footballer played for C.D. FAS.
Al-Zawara'a SC, Alaa Abdul-Zahra e'n club Shabab Al-Ordon Club., Alla Affari é's club degli Al Zawra’a Sc.
Batagor is a peanut sauce. Siomay has an ingredient in Peanut, y compris l'ingrisseur de Batagor.
101 Helena, a متوسط speed of 18.44 km per second, has an apoapsis of 441092000.0 km. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in Cape Town, South Africa, where Cyril Ramaphosa is the leader.
Aleksandra Kovač is a member of the Soul music genre.
Il Memorial Turkish Martyrs, Baku which was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Baku, is located in Azerbaïdjan. L'Immorfino Turku Turru turru turku tui in feidhme commençant Hüseyin Btiyeur agus Hilmi Guner.
L'11 Diagonal Street, which is located in South Africa, Cape Town, cyril Ramaphosa. Is l'agglomération ethnique degli Asian South Africans.
Aerfort Ardmore (New Zealand) is located in Auckland.
Bananaman e's radiodiffused by BBC. It starred by Graeme Garden. 
In India, i Ganges is the largest city in Mumbai., The AWH Engineering College comes from India's più grande city of Mumbai.
Aaron Boogaard, who was born in Canada, where the  hymn is O Canada. L'eabhrach c'est Elizabeth II. Is l'élargissement de la langue slavey.
The Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou, France.
Mae'r Acharya Institute of Technology, which is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University, in Bangalore, India. Is l'université tal-Acharya Stáit an Karnataka agus ta's west de Tewada.
Mae Barny Cakes, a bhfuil fhadhb aig 18.0 g, mae Apple.
(66063) 1998 RO1 epoch was on 4 July 2013.
Rhythm and blues, Albennie Jones e'n solo singer. It is a derivative of Disco.
Alan Martin e'r footballer is a member of Hamilton Academical F.C. and barrow A.F. C.
Dan Mishkin was created by Bolt. 
Anaheim, California is a leader of the U.S. House of Representatives in the United States, where English is an language. Anaheim ( California) is part of Congress on the US., Mae'n-Au St. S.R.L. Is l'Inst.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio e's leader of Switzerland in 1996, y ha 600 studenti. L'Académie de Architesttura Di Mendrinio is a member of the Federal Chancellor on Switzerland., The Accademia d'Alessio di Awustinio was established en 1996 and has 600 student.
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown.,  Adam Mc Quaid, who was a birth place in Charlietown.
Tarō Asō is a leader in Japan., Mae Taiji's leader is Tarō ASō.
Baquewell pudding is part of Derbyshire Dales, l'ingredient de la tarte bacewell. L'ingrédient f'Akewell Pudding (pudding), j'y compris le patisserie ta' Bâchewell and it has an ingredient in shortcrust pâtisserie.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, l'Alban Schneider-Ammann, is a member of the Federal Chancellor in Switzerland. L'Académie dell'Albenturio was istituito en 1996 ed ha 600 studenti.
Bacon Explosion u Bacon explosion in the United States, where Barack Obama is led by Washington D.C..
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow. Valery Petrakov is a manager of FC Turobo Minsk.
John van den Brom played for AZ Alkmaar. 
L'epochta 107 Camilla, f. Vilas, ed it has an orbital period of 2368.05 days, and its apoapsis is 560937000.0 km.
The Antwerp International Airport, which is operated by the Flemish region of Belge, has an elevation above sea level de 12,0 km. It's runway length is 600.0 km/h. L'Aerfort international n'est propriétaire de l'Agglomération flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works., L'arrivée d'Anvers International aeroport t'as owned by Laflemish
Buzz Aldrin, a fought in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, and became member of Apollo 11, which was born on 20th January 1930. It has an alternative name to Edwin E Aldin Jr. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963., Mae'r Albert Annrin (born on 1st October 1930) is led by Apollo 11.
Anders Osborne, a member of Alligator Records, has an record label alligator Record.
Athens is a member of the Olympic Stadium in Athens. Giorgos Kaminis is an Mayor of Athens, whose maire is Giorgo Kamini. Is l'Olympic Stadio in Atene.
AZAL PFK, Aleksandre Guruli s'est a club degli Olympique Lyonnais. Il is l'endroit d'Alligator pFK.
L'Italia, l'Italie is a capitale de Rome., Alrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy.
Allen Forrest, who was born on 4th July 1981, is a derivative of Drum and bass. Il's genre hip hop music originates from Disco.
The Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has a runway name 4/22., Auroport international Atlantic City Inc. it was serves the U.S.
10 Hygiea e's orbital period of 5.57 days.,  10 Hygia ed it has an orbitel period de 5,57 jours.
The variation of a dessert is the dessert., A dessert, which has an variation of Cake.
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, O.C. in the U.S. I.D.I., c'est l'ethnic group de Native Americans negli Stati Uniti.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a country in the United States, where Barack Obama is leader. Is l'Afraic Americans who are an ethnic group from the U.S.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was preceded by 1634; The Baltic War, David Weber. It followed by Ring of Fire II, it is the language English.
Trane, which was founded on 1st December 1913, was fonded by La Crosse ( Wisconsin).
11264 Claudiomaccone a periapsis is 296521000.0 km/km. It has an epoch date of 26th October 2005, ed it has the aposims as 296092000.0kilometres., 12tensias f'ilteenth Novembre 2005. Ilthadh 11264 Columaccon y peripops ar 296530000.0 kg/m.
John van den Brom e's manager of AZ Alkmaar, whose club is Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap.
Athens International Airport is located in Athens, o Alexis Tsipras. Is a gcomhracta per l'Antart Idir-Athènes, ce n'est pas loin de Ghréig.
Aenir, a'n-e'r in Battle (novel) was followed by The Violet Keystone and they preceded by Castle.
Aenir e's author of Garth Nix. It has a ISBN number 0-439-17684-0.
Audi A1 a's manufactured by Audi, it is subsidiary of Ducati.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, Malaysia. It has its main ingredients: Squeezed or punched fried chicken served with sambal. 
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore, where Beef kway teow originates from Singapore. 
18R/36L is a runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport., The Aviation Inaugurated by allama Ayrbal international airport has l'arrivée 18R 36L.
Rock music band Al Anderson (NRBQ) is a rock music fusion genre de Bhangra. Is l'enigma musicale in Rock music, which originates from blues and originated from Blues. 
Ajoblanco, l'Albanie, Andalusia, is an ingredient in Bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil.
Ma'r Al Kharaitiyat SC, l'Abrab Al-Ordon Club and Amar Osim is a manager of Alaa Abdul-Zahra.
L'Angola International Airport serves Luanda, u it is 159 km/h. It is situated in Icolo e Bengo, part of Laruanda Province. Il y compris 159 litres de sea level in Metres.
L'American Journal of Mathematics is an abbreviated to Am J. Math. It has an first publication year 1878 and its n number is 1080-6377.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.,  Airey Nave (born in Knightbridge), London.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988., Athsher, Mary Elisabetle Richerson House was aggiunto all'Office national of Monuments Historiques on 23rd December 1988.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a member of the United States Democratic Party (U.S.), was born in New York City, and died in new York city. Is l'American is American.
Addiction (journal) e'n number of 0965-2140. It is abbreviated to Addiction, it has an academicDisciline in Accitivité. 
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in Frederick County, Maryland, United States. It was established on 11 Luglio 1907.
Adam Koc e's nationality in Poland. Adam Koc became fought in the Polacco-Soviet War, o l'armée polacco, Joseph Stalin.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Air Force and its successor is Olasegun Obasanjo, mentre il Vice-Présidente AtikoAbubakar.
David Scott, l'astronauta Apollo 12 is a commander in NASA. L'Apollo 12 was operated by NASA and David Scott.
San Sebastián de los Reyes e's country in Spain. 
Airey Neave e'n active year on 30 December 1953. He's active years on 31 March 1979 and he fought on 28 April 1979.
John Buscema a bhaint as Eagle Award (comics).
Abel Hernández e'n football team of Uruguay national football club., Bal hernández is a member of the Uruguay National Football team.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It's west of Franklin County (Maryland) where they are contributing property.
Albennie Jones e's genre of Rhythm and blues. It is originated from Blues. 
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Clayton, Winnebago County in Wisconsin. It is a Appleton International Airport located o Greenville (in Wisconsin).
 Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Its publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly and it has an affiliated with l'Association of American Universities.
Bionico e'n bionico in Guadalajara, Mexico. Il y compris le Silvano Aureoles Conejo and it is a dessert. Bionico comes from Jalajara region.
Bionico e'n bionico in Mexico, it is a dessert. Bionico comes from Mexico and its ingredient is sour cream. 
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County in Texas, United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Alex Plante's height is 1.994].
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay, where Tabaré Vázquez is the leader. 
Amarillo, Texas is part of Randall County in Texas, i Stáit Uniti.
The AMC Matador is a related mean of transport by the Ambasciator.
The A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press, in the United States., In the U.S.
L'Accademia de Business and Social Sciences presso l'Université Aarhus is a headquarters in Brussels. L'Académie Eorpaigh Association européenne, i gcomhlachas c'est Bruxelles.
Audi e-tron is a division of Audi ed l'enfance. 
Mae Agustin Barboza, who was born in Asuncion, Juan Afara, is a member of the Spanish language. Is l'agglomération ethnique de Paraguay, y compris Mestizo.
Dodge Coronet, 1955 Dodge, a body style de hardtop. It has an V8 engine and its alternative name is the Dodd Corone. 
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II in the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and Minotaur IV. It was launched by Vandenberg Air Force Base, which originates from the U.S. A.R.A.I., it has a rapprochement de delta II.
The escape velocity of 1099 Figneria is 0.0155 km per second., 
Casey Ribicoff, who was born in Chicago, is a spouse of Abraham A. Riblicoff., Abraham A.
A Glastonbury Romance has a ISBN number of 00-7156-3648-0., The book number is 05-7156-648-0.
Andrew Rayel s'est associé à Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano. Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose and Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin et Alexandra Badoi.
A Wizard of Mars is a wizard of Marte., The English language is the A-Wizard de Mars.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Illinois., An Angola in Indiana originates from the state of Fort-Fort-Worth, Stubenz County (In Indiana).
Alan Shepard, a member of NASA, was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He fought on August 1st 1974 and died in California., The Apollo 14 is operated by NASA.
Mae's sandwich bacon is a variation of BLT, in the U.S.R.U., y compris condiment.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Tom Tomsk, a football club in the Russian Football National League., I Aleksandr Prublanco formerly plays for f'FC TomTomsk and is l'Olympic Football national League.
Alan B Miller Hall, Mason School of Business, is the current Tenants at Alan B. Miller hall.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, a governed by the State Senate., Albaque (New Mexico) is leader of the state senate.
The Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the invasion of Panama., L'Asad airbase has an oibríocht organisation for the U.S. Air force, and it became part of the US Arm Force.
A.C. Milan, a member of Sinisa Mihajlović, Silvio Berlusconi, is l'université Sampdoria. Alessio Romagnoli f'un club in Serie A.
Elliot See, a defunted in Dallas, St. Louis, f'éirigh as an University of Texas at Austin, whose Alma mater is l'université d'Austin, and it was affiliated with the Université de Texas System. He died en St-Louis.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born in Iraq., Aحمد Kadhom Assaad was Born in Irak.
Alan Shepard, who died in California, was a Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy).
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, which was located in Jinnah International airport., L'Autorité civile tal-Aviation pakistanaise is a gníomhaireacht per l'Administration civiles Tal-Afghanistan.
Asher e Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in U.S. Route 83., The National Register of Historic Places has a référence number 88002539.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County in Texas, where the United States is one of the states.
Ahmet Ertegun, a member of Washington D.C., was originated in the United States and has blues genres.
Al Kharaitiyat SC e'r al Khor. Alaa Abdul-Zahra, whose club is Shabab Al-Ordon Club.
Buzz Aldrin, a fought in the fighter pilot and was retired.
In the United States, there are ethnic groups of Native Americans., 
Buzz Aldrin, a member of Apollo 11 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, operated by NASA en 1963. He s'occupy de pilote feidhmiúcháin; William Anders is l'opérateur d'Apollo 11.
Mae Baked Alaska, in France, U.S.O.F. ou Hong Kong, is a meringue, glace cream, sponge Cake or Christmas pudding. Is l'ingredient de Meringue.
Attica, Indiana a total area of 4.14 sq km. It is part of the Logan Township, Fountain County in Indiana, Stáit Uniti. La densità demografica de 783.1 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
Poaceae, a division of Poales (New Zealand) is an 3rd runway surface type de poaceae. L'Ordonnant c'est d'Attermore Airport (Nouvelle-Zélande), y compris la division de floing plant.
Adirmiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is a member of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, l'estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. Il y compris Vila Nova Floating Clube in Brasil, f'appartenant al campionat  brasilien degli Adiramenti Saoudite.
L'AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, a tenant degli Marriott International, is owned by Bella Center. It has 23 floors.
Mae Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Kota Samkhand, sarawak, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Abraham Tabouj Muhammad fought in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak.
The American Journal of Mathematics has an abbreviation of Am. J. Math. It has the academic discipline of mathématiques and its frequenz is bimonthly.
Abilene, Texas y is part of Taylor County in Texas, United States. It has the capital city of Washington D.C.
Ram Naik, l'Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh. L'arrondissement n'appartient pas VIAG. Il y rassembler tal-Agra Airport a indirizzo icao identifier f'VIAG.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, l'indication de LCCN is 1732-2421. It has an téléphone number 1202-2421., The Acta Paleontol. Pol (LCCN no 60360714), it had an abbreviation of Lateolontol.
Adam Maher e'n club in PSV Eindhoven, is a member of the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Airey Neave s'engaged in the Battle of France. He fought in 1974-04-04, on March 30, 1979.
Elliot See, who was born in Dallas o Dallas, is a member of the University of Texas at Austin, where Gregory L. Fenves competed in Big 12 Conference., L'université de Texas (Austin) plays feidhme ag an Ard-Commissariat per l'Université Texas ta' Austin.
AZAL PFK, which has 3500 membres, is a ground of AZAL Arena. L'Azerbaïdjan Premier League, f'appartenants à Qarabag FK, c'est l'arrivée de 3500 Membres.
Alan Martin, a footballer f'Hamilton Academical F.C. He became born on 1st January 1989 and has 185,42 cm de l'hauteur.
The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006, and it has an orbital period 135589000.0. Its apoapsis is 195192000.0 km/s., L'espèce de 1097 Viscia f'apparecchiature 0.0112 km per sec.
Bacon Explosion is located in the Kansas City metropolitan area, United States. L'ingrédients de bacon explosion are sausages, y compris le Sausage.
Abel Hernández played for the Uruguay Olympic football team.
Amsterdam- Centrum is a part of Amsterdam- centrum.
300 North LaSalle contains 60 floors.
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte, Sri Lanka, is a member of the Ampara Hospital.
Albuquerque, New Mexico a total area of 486.2 sq km. It has an area density of 1142.3 (inhabitants per square kilometre) and it is part of new Mexico. L'area code 505, 575, il y compris 502,3 km/km.
The epoch date of 1001 Gaussia, which was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky, is 2015-06-27. It has periapsis 419113394 55312 km/km.
Abdul Rahman Ya'tiyek was in office while Vice-Président tuanju Bujang Tublanco Othman.
Trane, a revenue net is 560300000. Trane has 29000 employs.
Anders Osborne, a member of the musical artist Theresa Andersson, is associated with Billy Iuso., Agnes Asborne was affiliated with an musician theresas Adasson. Er's associate with its musical character Theressa Alsson.
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Cold Harbor, which is part of the American Civil War. Robert E Lee became a commander de la Bataille civile.
Bill Oddie e'n Bananaman., Bananaman, which starred by Bill Oddi, fought in BanSpartak.
L'Icolo e Bengo is part of Luanda Province, Angola. It has 159 elevations above sea level in Metres.
Dodge Coronet, 1955 Dodge, has a alternative name of the Dodg coronet. 
Buzz Aldrin, a New Jersey was born in Glen Ridge, New York. Joe Biden is the leader of the U.S.
Andrew Rayel, a member of Jwaydan Moyine, is associated with the musical artist.
Alan Shepard, a New Hampshire, was born in New-Hampshire. He graduated from NWC, M.A. 1957 and died in California., L'Albany Alan Sipard fought in NuwC, MA. A.M.S. 1956 et defeadh en Californie.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon in the United States where Washington D.C. is governed by Washington DC.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont. He a member of Whig Party (United States) where Daniel Webster is the leader.
GMA New Media, which is a member of the Philippine Entertainment Portal, was located in Quezon City. Il secteur de l'intrattenimento y compris le World Wide Web. L'envergure des médias GMA Numérique comes from quezon city.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made by Red granite and white marble., A Baku Turchia Turca Martyri'm Medaly are made from Red Granite et White  marmor.
Aenir e'r followed by the language above the Veil.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, which has a ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0, was authored by Eric Flint. It is published in hardcover and it has an ISBN Number 4165-201-0.
Alfredo Zitarrosa e's genre of Zamba (artform), is a solo singer.
L'Italie e's leader is Laura Boldrini, Pietro Grasso. Is l'indirizzo degli Amatriciana sauce in Italy. L'Istituto c'est la capitale di Roma.
Aser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, NY United States, where Manhattan is part of New Netherland.
Ajoblanco, y compris in Andalusia, Spain, is a grantur de Ajoblanco. Is l'ingrédients d'Acqua.
Binignit, l'ingredient f'Banana, is sweet potato., Mae ta' Binignit comes from the main ingredient of Banana.
Akeem Dent, who was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th July 1987, is a member of the Atlanta Falcons., The Atlanta Falck's birth date September 27rd October 1987 and became debuted by Atlanta Eagles.
Amdavad ni Gufa, which is located in Ahmedabad, India. Is l'Assemblée législative Gujarat a governed by Narendra Modi.
 110 Lydia epoch is 31 December 2006.
The Flemish region is led by the Governo flamingu., 
Alfredo Zitarrosa, who was led by Daniel Martínez, politicien, died in Montevideo.
Antioch, California a partire de Contra Costa County, Californie. L'area totale is 75.324 square kilometres, y compris le San Francisco Bay Area.
Mexique's Mexico a demonym is Mexicans. 
Alan Shepard died in California. 
Buzz Aldrin a fought in Apollo 11 and was i pilot fighter pilot. 
Anaheim, California a governed by the United States House of Representatives. Anaheim is part of Orange County, Californie, where one of the leaders are an U.S.
Aaron Turner, a member of the band Mamiffer, is associated with an musical genre Black metal. Il's music fusion genre black metal is Death metal.
William Anders, who was born on 17 October 1933 in Hong Kong, is a member of AFIT, M.S. 1962. He retired on 1st September 1969. William Anders (born on 10th octobre 1933) and fought as pilot fighter.
Arròs negre is in Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader of Spain. Is a monnaie de l'euro. Arròs négen is en euro. Il y compris Ispanards are an ethnic group d'Espagne.
The Atlas II originates from the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., L'Atlas II originated dagli Stati Units, is l'origine d'un groupe ethnique degli Anti-Amériques.
The Akron Summit Assault is a led by the Premier Development League, whose champions are K-W United FC. It has 3000 membres.
Agusín Barboza, who was born in Paraguay, is part of Gran Asunción, gran Asuncion, Juan Afara. Is a member of the ethnic group called Mestizo., Mae Agustin Barbozza, f'appartenant o Guarancion grúpa eitneach i Paraguay.
Mae's Finland is a member of the Sami languages. 
Alan Martin e'r footballer Clyde F.C. is a member of Barry Ferguson, y fought in Broadwood Stadium and became manager clyde FC.
Aleksandr Prudnikov e'n club football FC Amkar Perm, y fought in Grozny. He is a member of Rashid Rakhimov.
Aleksandra Kovač is associated with Kornelije Kovac.
The Addis Ababa City Hall, which has 42 m h air, is operated by the Government of Adis-Ababa. It's current Tenants are Governo of Addis Abeba and its height is 42m.
Ayam penyet is a part of Java where Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups in Singapore., Mae Ayamblancot comes from Java, y compris l'espèce ethnique en Java.
Ask Alkmaar has 17023.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, where the United States are an ethnic group of African Americans. It is a language in English.
Bananaman, which was created by Steve Bright, is Tim Brooke-Taylor in 1983-3.
Madeleine L'Engle, l'auteur degli A Severed Wasp., L'Edward author was Madeleine I'Ingle.
(66391) 1999 KW4 a rotation period is 9953.28.
Auburn, Washington y's part of Washington (state), is in the U.S. A.L.w. St.N.
Albany, Georgia is part of Dougherty County in Georgia, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The Ariane 5 has a maiden ship on 11 August 2005.
Agusín Barboza, who was born in Asunción, Paraguay, date 5th mai 1913., And Agustin Barboja, birthed on April 5, 1913, is part of Asuncion.
The Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York., Adirondack regional Airport Administrator Awsteradeck's which is operated by Harriestown (New York).
 110 Lydia epoch date 31 December 2006, periapsis is 53001600000000000. It has an orbital period of 142603000.0., 110 Laydia (d'ipotil period f'hiorbital périodique 14600000.0.
Akeem Ayers, a former team of St. Louis Rams, is l'université de St-Louis, ma c'est le Tennessee Titans. 
The Honda a division is Acura., 
Al Anderson, a band NRBQ (NRBQ) was born in Windsor, Connaught, and is associated with the Wildweeds. He fought in 1966.
Albany, Georgia n'est part of the United States. Is a group ethnique degli Afro-Américains.
Aaron Turner e's music fusion genre black metal. Black metal is a member of the Electric guitar, where Death metal can be found. 
Alolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, part of the community of Madrid., L'Aerfort Adolfo SuarezMadrid–Barrajas aeroport is situated in Alcabendaes, Partie de la Comunità di Madrid.
(66063) 1998 RO1 a epoch date of 4th July 2013, it has an orbital period of 360.29 days and its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 km. 
Arròs negre, in Catalonia, Spain, is a gran ingrediente dei Cephalopod ink., Aroos blanco, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod enk, cubanelle Peppers, it is an ingredient of Cerelopod Ink.
A Severed Wasp, a bibliothèque of Congress Classified J.B.S.E55 S4 1982, has an ISBN number 0-374-26131-8., The ISBN Number 8806036 is 8802395, it's bhibliothèque de CongressClassification J.
Bionico e's dessert of bionico, it has a variation of Honey.
A.C. Cesena e's league of Serie B, where Carpi FC 1909 is champions. 
John Roberts is a leader of the United States, where Bacon Explosion originates., Jen Roberts operates bacon explosion in the U.S.
Bionico, a granola, Shreddar Coconut, Raisins, is in Guadalajara, Mexico. Bionico's main ingredients are: Chopped Fruits, Sour cream, Condensed Milk, Granolo, Shriddar coconut and Raisin.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom., The U.S.U., which has its capital in London.
The AMC Matador is a mid-size car, y compris l'AMCMatador in Thames, New Zealand. It was assembled o Thame, Nuen-Zélande, and it has an alternative name of the American Motors MATador., Amtador en Mid-Size car can be found i mass- size car et j'amtateur density cars (b'emtatore d'American Motors
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where AIDS (journal) is operated by Elizabeth II.
 Abradab's background is solo singer.
The California is a country in the United States.
L'Alhambra, a longueur de 63800.0 millimetres, was built by Samuda Brothers. L'Albambra is owned by P&O ( company), l'alhomphrys, Tennant and Dykes in Deptford.
Alfredo Zitarrosa e'r died in Montevideo, where Daniel Martínez (politician) is the leader of Uruguay. Is l'université cubana degli Stati Uniti come il Salvador Fernando Sendic Rodríguez.
The 1955 Dodge has 230 centimetres cubes.
The Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) is built by Helsinki, Finland. It was operated by Finnmark and it has 21.2 metres long in service.
The Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. It has a runway length of 3084.48.
Alfons Gorbach, a fought in Imst, Austria-Hongrie, died in Styria. L'Autriche-Ouzbékistan is l'Albanie.
Aston Martin V8, a modèle de 5.3 litres, was assembled in the Regne Unit. It is related to an Alman Martin RHAM/1.
Massimo Drago e's club de S.S. Chieti Calcio, A.C. Cesena is gestionnaire of AS C Cesenea. 
The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government, which has an elevation above sea level of 12.6 km/h. Its runway length is 600.0.
T. S Thakur is a leader in India, where the Agra Airport is operated., The Agra airport is situated in Indiana, whose leader is T.S Tha Kur.
Jack Kirby created Balder (comics character) which was founded by Jack Kirsby.
Goris Kaminis is a member of Athens, Giorgos Kamini. 
Bionico, y compris la lingua spagnola in Mexico, it is l'intermédiaire de Silvano Aureoles Conejo. L'entusiasme d'AuriolesConejo, c'est il settore di Bionico.
Mae Addis Ababa, l'Éthiopie is a led by Mulatu Teshome. L'Etiopie c'est un po' d'Adij-Abeba, mae f'addiw-Aldaia.
Il-duPage County, Illinois, i Chicago is a part of Dupage County in Illinois. Susana Mendoza e'n leader de Chicago (il-U.S.), y compris 300 North LaSalle situated o Chicago.
Alan Martin e'r footballer Alan Martin, whose club is Accrington Stanley F.C. and Barry Ferguson was manager of Clyde FC.
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of the Vice-Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally, was born in Greece., The Vice Présidente de la République Popolare's Rally Association is Adonisgeorgiadis.
Ase Wilder was born on 23 July 1982.
Albennie Jones, a member of the United States, was born in 1914 and is solo singer.
Alvis Speed 25 s'est transported by 4387,0 (cubicCentimetres) as a single plate cشنطة, separate 4-speed gearbox All-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle.
(410777) 2009 FD e's orbital period of 39447000.0, periapsis is 88234300.0 and Spacewatch was discovered by NASAwatch. 
HOK SVE is l'architecte of 3Arena in North Wall, Dublin. 
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where Barack Obama is leader. 
Greek is the language of Greece. 
Albany, Oregon y's part of Linn County in Oregon, the United States where Washington D.C. is one of the ethnic groups are African Americans. Albany and Oregon comes from an U.S.
Antioch, California a bhfuil an elevation above sea level of 13.0.
The 4th runway surface of Andrews County Airport, which has 973.0 metres above sea level, is asphalt.
3Arena a Dublin is located in Dublin, Poblacht na Repubblica d'Irlanda. Is l'oifige live Nation Entertainment de Dublin.
Airbus Defence and Space is a manufactured by Ariane 5., Aירène 5 was constructed by Airbus defense and space.
Hypermarcas è l'apparence de São Paulo. Il y compris drugs, is a pharmaceuretici.
Abilene, Texas a total area of 286.5 square kilometres is 524.0. La densità population density ha 429.9 (inhabitants per sq km) u environ 564.0.
Claude Bartolone, a leader de France, c'est Gérard Larcher.
In 2014, AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 membres. It is a member of 5000 members.
The Akron Summit Assault was operated by Denzil Antonio in 2011 and has 3000 membres. Its full name is Akron Metro Soccer Club Al'Assault.
Wiley-Blackwell is published by Wiley Blackwell. 
A Severed Wasp, which is part of Great Britain, in the U.S. It has an ethnic group of African Americans.
103 Hera, a periapsis is 371240000.0 km/km. It has an epoch date of 27th July 2011.
Mae'r AIDAstella, a longueur de 253260.0 millimetres, was built by Meyer Werft, and it is operated by Costa Crociere.
L'epoch date of 107 Camilla, which was discovered by E. Wells, is 31 December 2006.
Adam Koc, who was born in Congress Poland, is a member of the Polonais-Soviet War. Adam Koc fought in l'Opération Civile Russa.
Dáil Éireann is a part of Leinster, Dublin. 3Arena e's propriétaire de Live Nation Entertainment in Dublin, c'est l'État République d'Irlande. L'enster is leinnster.
Bananaman e's radiodiffused by BBC, London. Bananaman is a member key person of Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead., Bananaman was diffusé par BBC in London.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in Battle of Gettysburg, and won Purple Heart.
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County, where the capital city is Washington, D.C., Mae'r Auburn (y compris Il-Il-L-U.S.
Beef kway teow, which is from Singapore and Indonesia. It's main ingredients are Kway Teow (Kway Teeow), beef tender loin, gula Melaka; squelette, sected black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, levekuas, oryster salsa, soja, chili agus sesame oil., Bew kwaye teOW, it is part of Singapore e Indonesia.
Sandesh (confectionery) is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, y compris le fudding Christmas pudding.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Georgia in the U.S. A.I. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
John Madin architetta 103 Colmore Row. 
Aaron Hunt e'n club de VfL Wolfsburg, SV Werder Bremen II and Goslarer SC 8.
Ayam penyet, which is a food found in Java and it can be found at Malaysia and Singapore. It's main ingredients are saqueezed or shreded fried chicken served with sambal., The Ayamblancot comes from Java where an ingredient is shazédezd or shrired beef áilte there.
Pietro Grasso e's leader in Italy. L'A.C. Lumezzane is l'Istituzione, a cui il Presidente degli Stati Uniti. 
Mdonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is a member of the United States Air Force which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom. Al Asad airbase was operated by Lockheed AC-130 and McDonnell Doug F15 Eagle. L'Aviation Force degli Stati Uniti became l'oibríocht enduring Liberté.
107 Camilla, epoch date 31 December 2006, has an apoapsis 560937000.0 km. Il periapsis 479343000.0 km/m. It was discovered by E. Wells in 2006.
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Tamil Peninsula, Malaysia. It's main ingredients are fish cuisined in sour and hot sauce. 
Bacon sandwich, bacon sarnie, rasher Sandwich, Bacon saner, pee'n baco, bocon cob, bucon barm, macon muffin, became ingredient in brown sauce. 
Adam Koc a fought in the Poland-Soviet War and was won Cross of Valour ( Poland).
Li County, Alabama is l'Alabama.
Andra, a genre de Rhythm and blues. Andra is associated with Puya (singer) o CRBL.
Airey Neave, a member of the Territorial Decor Award.,  Airey Nave ha bénéficié d'une fête territoriale.
Airey Neave a fought in the World War II and was born on 30th March 1979. It has an Medal of Military Cross.
Aaron Turner, a member of the band Twilight and Old Man Gloom, fought in 1995. He performs post-metal as well as an artist whose genre is post metal.
 Abradab is a member of the band Magik (rapper).
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Illinois. It is in the U.S. A.L.
 Agnes Kant, who was born in West Germany, is a member of Radboud University Nijmegen., Agnes Kant's Alma mater f'Université Radabîd Nijmeg, Awst Germania, operated by Socialist Party (Pays-Bas).
Abel Caballero, a bhí in Galina Spáinn, f'ainmhithe de Pharlaimint na hEorpa, is membre du Congrès des Deputies. Abel Caallero was born in Galena (Spagna).
Andra's singer is the pop music genre, a fusion genre of disco.
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, United States, is a member of the test pilot. He graduated from NWC, M.A. 1957 and died in California., L'enfance Alan Sipard (born on 18 May 1923) ed fought in NYC, MA. A.S. J.Y.J. L.N.M.E. 1955, s'occupyd by Alan She
Ayam penyet is a member of Java where Banyumasan people are led by Halimah Yacob. Is l'intermédiaire chinois de Singapour, y compris la lingua Standard Chinese.
The AIDAstella was christened on 16 March 2013, 2013.
L'Adirham Hall, i Sri Lanka, it has architectural style Tudor and Jacabin. It was acheved in 1931., The Adisham Hall is built in 1927.
Arem-arem, y compris in Javanese cuisine, is a variation of Lemper. Is l'ingredient d'arm-asem i gcompress rice cuisined in banana leaf with legumes or minced meat fillings.
(66391) 1999 KW4, periapsis o 29919600000.0., 
Elliot See, who was born on 23rd July 1927, Dallas, died in St Louis. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and his alma mater is Université Texas (Austin).
Duncan Rouleau, Steven T. Seagle is a member of Baymax first apparitions in film Big Hero 6., Bianmax was created by Duncan rouleau and Steven Ta'seagle.
Agnes Kant, l'aggresseur degli Socialist Party (Paesi Bass), is a member of Mark Rutte. Agnes Kant occupe le parlementary group leader, Emile Roemer.
