Alan Shepard, a member of NASA, was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire and died in California. L'Apollo 14 operates Apollo 14 is l'Operateur NASA.
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. (corporation), was founded on 1st janvier 2001, and is l'industrie pharmaceutique.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States. It is part of Manhattan.
Mae, India, Kerala is i Kutttiyettoor. Is 250 staff acadattivo per l'AWH Engineering College in Kuttdnikov or Ganges. L'université tal-Inghilterra (Kuttblancor), f'appartenant ta' Sri Lanka, Mahé, Indiens. Il y compris 250 membres d'università degli AWH engineering College en Mumbai.
Alan Martin e'r footballer, is a member of Clyde F.C. Barry Ferguson, whose club is Motherwell FC.
Edmund J. Davis, who died in Austin, Texas, was a member of the comic book Edmond J Davis.
Alan Shepard a Medal of service istinguished from the United States Navy.
Alvah Sabin, a member of the Whig Party (United States) is part of Burlington, Vermont, Illinois. He died o Sycamore in Illinois.
GMA New Media is a food found in World Wide Web., 
N. R. Pogson, a nationality of England, is in England.
A Long Long Way, which was preceded by Annie Dunne, is published by Viking Press and followed by The Secret Scripture.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a country in the United States, where Barack Obama is leader. Is l'Afraic Americans who are an ethnic group from the U.S.
A.C. Cesena e's league of Serie B, where Carpi FC 1909 is champions. 
Andrew Rayel s'est associed to Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano. Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Silva Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi.
William Anders, who was born on 17th October 1933, in Hong Kong, United States, is a member of AFIT, M.S. 1962. William Anders became retired on 1st octobre 1969., John Anders fought on 23rd July 1933 and operated by the fighter pilot en 1962.
Bhajji e's main ingredient in Bhajji is gram flour, legumes. L'ingredient de bhajji (gan India).
A Severed Wasp contains 374-26131-8 and has 388 pages. It has an ISBN number of 8806036, it has a hardcover type in Hardcover. 
Mae's language is arabe in the Philippines. 
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of the Vice-Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally, was born in Greece., The Vice Présidente Counciller of Populoorthodox Rally is Adonisgeorgiadis.
A Severed Wasp, which has 374-26131-8 and has 388 pages. It has 38 pages.
Il'Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. L'Administration Civil Aviation Authority pakistanese Shehbaz Sharif and Lahore operates l'Autorité civile d'Aviation (Pakistan).
Aaron Bertram e's band member of Suburban Legends, whose genre is Ska.
Austin, Texas is part of Williamson County in Texas, where the largest city is Round Rock and Georgetown., The county seat Austin (y compris round Rock), it has a Spanish language.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a food found in Great Britain, where Barack Obama and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County in Texas, where Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Claude Bartolone, Claude Bartone is a leader in France. C'est le haghaidh dei Barny Cakes en France, gérard Larcher.
Asher e Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in U.S. Route 83, United States, it has the National Register of Historic Places reference number 88002539.
The Antares rocket, a launch site in Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport, was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office. It is comparable to Delta II and the Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Akron Summit Assault was operated by Denzil Antonio in 2011 and has 3000 membres. It is a full name of the Akron Metro Soccer Club Al-Assault.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio e'r dean Mario Botta. L'Académico di architetture diلفه, it was established in 1996, y compris 100 academic staff. 
Austin, Texas is a country in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States where Paul Ryan.
L'université 1 Decembrie 1918 a chiffred with Klaus Iohannis. La Romania is l'ethnic group of Germans de Romania, o Bucharest.
In Brasil, Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is champions de Vila Nova Floating Clube., The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense competed in campeonato brasilien Brésil.
Andrew White musician is a genre alternative rock.,  Andrew White (musician) can be found in Alternative rock.
Bananaman, which was created by Steve Bright, is Tim Brooke-Taylor. Il's first aired on 3rd octobre 1983.
Austin, Texas a total area of 686.0 sq km. It has 703.95 sqkm., And Austin is in the area density of 696.0 square kilometres. Its area total is 704.95 sqilometri.
Alfred Garth Jones, who was born in Manchester, England, is a member of the Labour Party (UK).
Aaron Boogaard, who was born in Canada, where the  hymn is O Canada. Is l'anonymy of Canada and Elizabeth II is a leader.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument, which was established on 11 July 1907, is a member of the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County,Maryland. It has l'organisation national Park Service.
1/19 is a runway name of 1/19.
A Long Long Way, which was preceded by Annie Dunne, is published by Faber and Fabers. It is followed by the Secret Scripture.
Bakso e'n is l'Indonésia in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia. Il y compris Baksolo (Idirunien).
Attica, Indiana a total area of 4.14 sq km/s. It is part of the Logan Township, Fountain County in Indiana, United States. Density de population 783.1 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
Lega Pro/A, y compris sa stagione 2014, A.C. Lumezzane e'n feidhmiú degli JGA Pro-A.
A Long Long Way, which was followed by the Secret Scripture, is published by Faber and Fabers. Is l'Irlande where White people are one of the ethnic groups.
Lancia Spartak, Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy, a Fiat Croma. Si tratta d'un moteur de l'Istituzione Italiana, ma s'aggregant en italina, mu n'appartenant al Lancia Tumana. 
Adam Maher, who was born in Diemen, diemen.
The Memorial of Baku Turkish Martyrs' Medal was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Bako. It is made from granite and white marble. 
Mae Addis Ababa, a partire d'Addis Abeba, is l'Etiopia. L'Éthiopia c'est patrocinata dagli Hailemariam Desalegn agus f'addis Adaba, b'y compris il battaglione degli Awji Ali-Abeba.
In 1931, Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka. It was architectural style of Tudor Revival architecture. 
Elliot See, who was born in Dallas o Dallas, is a member of the University of Texas at Austin, where Gregory L. Fenves competed in Big 12 Conference.
Alpharetta, Georgia e's part of Georgia (U.S.), is in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at l'Université Aarhus in Danemark is affiliated with the European University Association. It was established in 1928.
Ajoblanco, l'ingrédients is a barbecue. Ajoblanco comes from Spain and it has an alternative name of Ajo Blanco. 
Amdavad ni Gufa, which is located in Gujarat, India. Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, vicino CEPT University, opp. Ahmedabad University and University Road. Is l'indirizzo degli Amdnikov niGufa a bhaile d'Inde.
The California is a country in the United States.
Bionico e's dessert of bionico, it has a variation of Honey. 
Elliot See, which was selected by NASA in 1962, died o St. Louis, Saint Louis. He a sélectionné By NASA en 1962.
Mexique is a Spanish language. 
Antioch, California a total area of 925 is 75.324 square kilometres and it has an apogée de 7 km. Il y's surface code 925 are 102372 per habitants.
Akeem Dent, who was born in Atlanta, Georgia, a year 1987., 
L'Angola International Airport serves Luanda, y compris 159 metres above sea level in Metres.
Alvah Sabin e's member of Whig Party (United States).
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 March 1987 and has an architectural style of Arts and Crafts moviment., L'Asal Mar Conference ground are based on 23 March1987 and operated from Atlantic Grove ( California).
Il 'A.F.C. Fylde has 3180] membres.
L'AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which is located in Denmark, operated by Marriott International. It has 23 floors.
Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County, Georgia., The Fultone County of Georgia is Atlanta's più grande city.
 110 Lydia, l'epoch date is 31 December 2006. It has an orbital period of 142603000.0. He periapsis de 53001600000., 11 December 2006, it was operated by 110 Laydia (il périodal period fisse 14600000.0.
Adam Koc e'n polacco-Soviet war in Polonia, Poland. Il comhlacht polonais is Leon Trotsky., Mae Adam Koc fought in Poland and was a battaglione per l'מלחמo polais-soviet.
The A.C. Lumezzane is a season of 2014-15 Lega Pro., 
A Glastonbury Romance has a ISBN number of 00-7156-3648-0.
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of the New Democracy (Greece) was in office while Antonis Samaras is Vice-Ministre Konstantinos Mitsotakis., Antonis Samarasa's successor de Nikolas mitsSpartakis and it has blue couleur.
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is 14L/32R.
Ace Wilder, who was born in Svezia, is a solo singer. It has an label record label of Warner Music Group and its background is soliste.
AZAL PFK j'est l'arena AZAL Arena. L'Azerbaïdjan Premier League is a champion in Qarabag FK, y compris le ground OAFL Arena.
Akeem Priestley plays for FK Mughan.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090., Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University, India. Is a led by B.M. Reddy.
Mae Adare Manor is a member of the Republic of Ireland.
Arlington, Texas e's part of Tarrant County in Texas, United States, where the largest city is Houston.
Ayam penyet is a member of Java where Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups in Singapore. Y's language is English. Ayamblancot comes from Java, Indonesia.
1101 Clematis, a periapsis is 445895000000.0., 11 Clamatis e'r periapis f'445894000000.0.
The Adare Manor was built on 1700 years., Adare Mandor is located in 1700.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in the United States, where Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Abel Hernández e's club of the Uruguay Olympic football team., 
Aenir, l'universitéal Garth Nix, has a ISBN number 45644811 and is published in print.
Albany, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S.), where Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. Is a member of the Stáit Aontaithe.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, a governed by Albuquerques City Council.
Aleksandra Kovač, whose genre is pop music, was associated with bebi Dol. Kornelije Kovac, Aleksandra kovač performs Pop music.
Agnes Kant, a parti socialiste (Pays-Bas), s'agissant d'Emili Roemer, f'appartenant de Mark Rutte. Agnes Kant is l'endroit national of the Netherlands, and it has couleur rouge.
AZAL PFK a fháil de 3500 membres, y compris l'arena AZAL Arena. L'Azerbaïdjan Premier League is champions in Qarabag FK. Il gcomhdaithe tal-Alban Prime League and il raggiungono 3500 Membres.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is in the United States, where English is an language. 
Adam Holloway, who was born in Kent, Kent. He graduated from Magdane College Cambridge and is a member of Parliament for Gravesham on 5 Meitheamh 2005, ma'r feidhmiú maidir le Grenadier Guards.
Allan Shivers fought in World War II.
Frangipane is an ingredient in Derbyshire Dales, y compris le tart Bakwell pudding. L'ingrédients de la tart bakwell frangipan.
Aaron Deer, a solo singer, is Psychedelia. He originated in Indiana, Indiana.
Alfred Garth Jones, a led by Boris Johnson, died o Sidcup., Boris Johnson is the leader of London in London, whose headquarters are l'Albert Gart Jones.
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 membres.
Alfredo Zitarrosa e'd died in Montevideo, where Daniel Martínez (politician) is the leader of Uruguay. Is l'université cubaine degli Stati Uniti.
Bananaman e's radiodiffused by STV.
Beverly Hills, California is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. It has 3Arena which was located in Beverly Hill, Californie. 
Audi e-tron is a division of Audi ed l'enfance. 
Aaron Turner e's music fusion genre de Death metal, is black metal. Black metal is a member of the Electric guitar and has an funkting genre di Death Metal. 
Ayam penyet s'est in Java o Banyumasan people, y can be found in Malaysia agus Singapore. It is also available in Indonesia and Singapore.
Mae's Finland is a member of the Sami languages. 
Aaron Boogaard, a member of Wichita Thunder, was born in Regina, Saskatchewan. He plays for wichita Indiana Thunder.
The Philippines's ethnic group is the Pangasinensis people.
Alan B Miller Hall, which was operated by College of William & Mary, is located in Virginia, Virginia. It has a construction date of 30 March 2007.
Stuart Parker, a footballer in Blackpool, whose leader is Gordon Marsden, plays for Chesterfield FC.
250 Delaware Avenue a square metres is 12 floors and it has an architecture of postmodern architecture. It's surface area of 30843.8 sq km/hectare, y had an architect style postal de l'an janvier 2014.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Randall County in Texas, where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, who went in Montevideo, Uruguay, is a led by Tabaré Vázquez. L'Autriche was deonym as the Uruguayans.
Aser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, NY United States, where Manhattan is part of New Netherland.
Mae Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice-Président, Oladipo Diya., Mee Akhblanco was succeeded by Atiko Awbakar and Addio Awbaka is successor per Atika Aw Alka.
A Glastonbury Romance has an ISBN number of 00-7156-3648-0., The book number is 0-675-9365-8 and the media type of print, are print.
The Administrative Science Quarterly was founded by Sara Miller McCune. It has an abbreviation to Admin. Sci. Q. and is published by the SAGE Publications., Sviluppatore de la Sage Publications, a bunad bySara Miller Mcune.
A.T. Charlie Johnson, which was published by American Institute of Physics, is l'editor dei AIP Advances in the U.S. L.I.B.P.J.L.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County in Indiana. It has 783.1 habitants per square kilometre and it has a total area of 44.14 sq km., Mae Attica (In Indiana), y compris 54.7 km/km. C'est density pontificale 763.1 millimetri.
Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens, a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District.
J. V Jones e'r ISBN number 00-7653-0633-6., A Fortress of Grey Ice is published by J.V. Jones and has a ISBN Number 03-73-5.
Lipincott Williams & Wilkins is the leader of the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is led. It has its capital in London.
Albennie Jones e's genre of jazz. Jazz is originated from blues, Afrobeat.
GMA New Media, which is a member of the Philippine Entertainment Portal. L'industria dei media GMA Numérique in Quezon City, c'est l'industrie d'intrattenimento agus bénéficier du World Wide Web.
Sausage is an ingredient in bacon Explosion which originates from the United States.
Aenir has a ISBN number 45644811].
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka, India. It's west is the Arabian Sea.
Anders Osborne, a member of the Galactic band, is Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. Er's genre de rock music Anders Osbourne, whose genre is Rock music.
 107 Camilla e'n discoverer N. R. Pogson., 107 CamillA, who was discovered by N.
The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works, which has 12 km above sea level., L'Aviation International Brussels (IATA), where 12.6 km/h, is an oibríocht organisational per lemish ministère de Mobilità and Travaux Public.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Danmhairgis., L'Accademia d'affari e sociale de l'Université Adarhus (Denmark).
Bhajji e'n Bhajji, in India, where Narendra Modi and Vajubhai Vala is a leader.
Hypermarcas, l'industrie pharmaceutique, is degli produits cosmétiques.
Mae Baked Alaska in New York, Stáit Uniti, is an ingredient of sapone dessert.
A Glastonbury Romance, which has an ISBN number of 76798317, is 0-7156-3648-0. It's media type of Hardcover and it has a hardcover book., The ISBN Number of 7698317. It has the ISBN Numéro de 0-676-13-67-6.
Andrew White, a musician is associated with Marry Banilow. Andrew White performs alternative rock and plays Alternative rock.
Lipincott Williams & Wilkins is a parent company of Wolters Kluwer. It was published in the United Kingdom whose leader is Elizabeth II, David Cameron.
A Severed Wasp is a country in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans., In Great Britain, un groupe ethnique degli Stati Uniti is an t-Americans.
Alan Shepard, who was born on 18 October 1923, New Hampshire, is a member of the Department of Commerce Gold Medal and died in California. He graduated from California's Distinguished Service Médecine (United States Navy) which has an absolute defunt.
Al Anderson, a band NRBQ, is associated with the Wildweeds. Al Anderson (NRBQ) was actively started in 1966. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. Is l'Assemblée législative Ahmedabad o bhaile T. S. Thakur. L'assemblée légale Gujarati y rassembler Maharashtra.
Aleksandra Kovač, who was born in Belgrade, is a solo singer. Aleksandra Kovac's genre of pop music and fought in 1972.
3Arena, which is located in Dublin, Poblacht na Repubblica d'Irlande, críona Ní Dhálaigh. Is l'intermédiaire de Dublin a bhí operated by Live Nation Entertainment.
Trane, which was founded in La Crosse Wisconsin, is a subsidiario. Trane has 29000 employs.
Alfredo Zitarrosa e's genre of Milonga music., Adolfo zitarrosata is a musical genre de milonga.
 Abradab's background is solo singer.
Akron Summit Assault is a ground in Akron, Ohio. Is l'Instáit degli Stati Uniti, c'est la Lega Premier Development League where K-W United FC are champions.
Austin, Texas is part of Williamson County in Texas, where the largest city is Houston. It is a Spanish language., Sae'r Austin, Dallas (part of Williamson County) and Georgetown, Tex-Meic.
The periapsis of (410777) 2009 FD, which was discovered by Spacewatch.
Aaron S. Daggett fought during Battle of Fredericksburg. He won a Purple Heart and became the battle of Fergusonburg. 
The Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in Invasion of Grenada., L'United States air Force operate organisation for the U.S. Arm force aeráide degli Stati Units and fecame invasion d'Grena.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road - Bangalore – 560090., L'Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India, where 700 postgraduate students are 70 postdoctors.
Amdavad ni Gufa, which is located in Ahmedabad, India. Is l'Assemblée législative Gujarat a governed by Narendra Modi.
Anders Osborne, a member of the band rock music, is Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. He e'r l'artiste Rock music whose genre is rock musical.
The Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. It has a runway length of 3084.48.
Drew Caldwell is a leader of Brandon, Manitoba., Figliol de Brenda (Manitoba) e' Drew Calwell.
Allan Shivers e'r a militaire branch in the United States Army. 
Rhythm and blues is a derivative of Disco. Andra's musical genre is Rhythm & Blues, which has solo singer in disco.
The Atlas II, which was launched in Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36. It has a diametre de 3.04 m. L'Atlas II is originated in the U.S. St.A., and its final vehicle was on 16th February 1998. La vandenberg Air Force Base of Vandenberg air feidhmiúcháin 36.
Aaron Hunt e'n club SV Werder Bremen II., Alan Hunt, whose club VfL Wolfsburg, ed he's Club SV Wirder Brem II.
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown.,  Adam Mc Quaid, a birth place in Atlantatown.
A.C. Chievo Verona, in Serie A, plays for Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi.
Izmir, Turkey is the inauguration date of 1932-07-27. It was inaugurated on 27th July 1932., Il monument Atatürk (Turquien) in Turquie ha été inaugurata il 27 حزيران/يونيه 1932.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, a total area of 486.2 square kilometres, it has an area code 505, 575 and its population density is 1142.3 inhabitants per sq km.
Buzz Aldrin, who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, has 52.0minutes and a mission Apollo 11 is Apollo 11.
Asey Wilder, who was born in Sweden on 23 July 1982, is a solo singer. Aey's member of Ace-Wilder can be fought in 1982 and singing.
In the United States, there are ethnic groups of Native Americans., 
Walter Baade, a member of the University of Göttingen, was discoverer 1036 Ganymed in Germany., William Baada, whose alma mater is Université de Gottingen.
L'université 1 Decembrie 1918, o Alba Iulia, Romania, is a chiffred by Klaus Iohannis. L'augmentation dei Deştiaşan-te, romeni. La Romania e'n comhlachta ethnique da tedeschi; ta's chathair d'Albuira, b'est l'Utunno 1 Decretia 1918 f'Alba Aulia. Il y compris le Premier Ministre
Massimo Drago e's club of Delfino Pescara 1936., 
Mae's AIDAstella, operated by Costa Crociere, it is located in Germany. Is l'operator della costa crociere.
Aaron Deer e's genre of Psychedelia, which is a member of the guitar.
Alessio Romagnoli e'n club in A.C. Sampdoria is a member of Siniš Mihajlović, Silvio Berlusconi, y gcomhlachta degli sportifs italiens under 17 football team.
Abner W. Sibal fought in the World War II, where Chiang Kai-shek is a member of the United States Army.
Agusín Barboza, a Born in Paraguay, is part of Gran Asunción, gran Asuncion, Juan Afara. Is l'agglomération degli uruguayiens membres di Mestizo.
Albany, Georgia e's part of Dougherty County in Georgia. Is a member of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff, a massimo de 16 000 studenti., L'école d'affari agus social Sciences all'Aarhus University was mbunaithe en 1928.
Mae batchoy is in the Philippines, where Chinese Filipinos are an ethnic group. 
Marv Wolfman a fought in Eagle Award (comics).
Mdonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is a member of the United States Air Force which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom. Al Asad airbase was operated by Lockheed AC-130 and McDonnell Doug F 15 Eagle, l'Aviation Force degli U.S.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Romania where Klaus Iohannis is led by the Premier Minister of Romania., L'Universita' 1 Dicembre 1918 (in Romania) come il Primo Ministre de Romania.
Elliot See, a defunted by St. Louis, was born in Dallas, Dallas. A student of the University of Texas at Austin is affiliated with the U.S. S.E.J.A.L.
Buzz Aldrin, a became in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, operated by NASA, 1963. Il pilote Apollo 11 is William Anders. L'université de Technology Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963, f'appartenants to Apollo 11.
The Antwerp International Airport, which is owned by Flemish region, operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. It has a member of the Flèche Region, it was operated by le flèche minister of Mobilità and Travaux publics.
L'aeroporto Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas is located in Madrid, Spain. L'arrivée de Madrid ha 610.0 km/h, y compris la Communauté of Madrid. Il raggiungono 6000.0 km per l'altezza de 5000,0 km.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., A.S. Roma e'n seasamh 2014-15 Serie A and has 70634 member.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, it is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. It has an LCCN number 86036315., At's nnuméro 1580-2613 operated by Acte Matamaitica.
Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II was led.
Lockheed Martin, l'Atlas II was launched by the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., The Atlas II is manufactured by LockheedMartin, and it has Launch site of Cape Caivière Aviation Station.
Bacon Explosion is a main course. It's ingredient in bacon explosion was Bacon, which is part of the Main course.
Alan Frew e's genre rock music, which has its stylistic origins in Country music. 
Alan Bean, who was born in Wheeler, Texas, a member of NASA, operated Apollo 12 and David Scott. Alan Bean comes from the U.S. A.P.A.J.C. is l'ordonnateur degli Apollo 12., Alban Bean became retired by William Scott.
John Cowper Powys auteur Wolf Solent.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where AIDS (journal) is operated by Elizabeth II.
Arlington, Texas y is part of Tarrant County in Texas, Fort Worth. It is the largest city in Dallas, Houston. , Arlington (Austin) j'est più grande citta' de Tariot County and Fort-Worth.
The ACM Transactions on Information Systems, which has an academic discipline of Computer Science, is 946-8900. It has the abbreviation to CEM Trans. Inf Syst. Its SSN number: 1048-8700.
The ALCO RS-3 is 17068.8 millimetres, a cylindre de 12 km/m. L'Alco RS-3. It was constructed by the American Locomotive Company and it has an length of 12,8 mm/s. Il y compris 12.
 Potter County, Texas is l'État de Texas. 
Aerfort Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Stáit Uniti. It's deonym of Texan and it is the English language.
Mae Abel Hernández, a member of Hull City A.F.C. is i Peñarol and Steve Bruce plays for Central Español.
The Addis Ababa City Hall, which has 42 m h air, is operated by the governing Adis Afbeba., It's current Tenants are Governing Adda Alis Adab and its height is 42m.
The Honda is a division of Acura. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at l'Université Aarhus in Danemark is affiliated with the European University Association. It has 737 academic staff, y compris 737 student., L'Accademia d'Académie Générale Sviluppata per 1928 ag an OCSE de 1928 agus ha 737 students.
Audi A1 e's assembled at Audi Brussels.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicato to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Baku, Artur Rasizade and Hilmi Güler. It is a member of Azerbaïdjan as l'ormheasann Hüseyin Btiyerini Aniti.
Atlanta a total area of 404, 678, 470 and it has 347.1 square kilometres. It has 1299.0 inhabitants per sq km.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State, Nigeria., Adonismi Abdulsualami Awbakar is a Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria) who worked as chief defence staff.
Alfred Moore Scales a fought in the Overland Campaign. 
The Battle of Fredericksburg is part of the American Civil War. 
Mae'r aerroport Ardmore (New Zealand) s'est classé Monocotyledon. It has an 3rd runway surface type de poaceae.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center, Marriott International. It was designed by 3XN and it has 23 floors.
Abilene, Texas a part of Taylor County in Texas, United States. It's capital is Washington D.C.
Anaheim, California is a leader of the U.S. House of Representatives in the United States, where Anaheim and California are leaders.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv, Oleh Luzhny. He is a member of FC Mawredia in Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County in Oregon, where the capital city is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.,  Albany, Eugene (part of benton countin Oregon) is partid from New York St. C. A.S.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made by Red granite and white marble., 
Aenir e'r followed by the language above the Veil., The English language is also a currency under the velo.
Ayam penyet s'est in Java, y compris le Banyumasan people. Halimah Yacob is a leader de Singapour.
Meyer Werft was a constructeur of AIDAstella., Mae Meyer Wirft, l'Aidastella is manufactured by Meyer Werf.
Aenir, l'Australie f'In Battle (novel) is followed by The Violet Keystone and it was preceded by Castle.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, a total name of Agremiacao Sicchiaraquiene, has 17000 membres. It's full name is Amegiação Sequiaraqueenne. 
Alan Bean, who was born in Wheeler, Texas, is a member of UT Austin, B.S. 1955, operated Apollo 12 and David Scott comes pilot test pilot. Alan Bean's Alma mater f'UT Austin (B. S.I. 1956).
Alfredo Zitarrosa, whose leader in Uruguay e' Tabaré Vázquez, was born in Montevideo. Daniel Martínez (politician).
Albuquerque, New Mexico, is located in the United States where Americans are anonym.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for PAS Tehran F.C.
Humphrys, Tennant agus Dykes are situated i Deptford. It is a member of the Alhambra which has its power type: Humphrys, tennant and dykes. 
Trane a revenue net is 560300000. Trane has 29000 employs.
Albert Jennings Fountain, who was born in Staten Island, Stáit Uniti, died in New Mexico Territory., Abraham AlbertJennings fountain is a member of the U.S.N.I.
The epoch date of 1001 Gaussia, which was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky in 2015-06-27, has periapsis 419113394 55312 km.
Chinabank a chiffred with an Insular Government of the Philippine Islands.,  Chinabank, which was founded in insular Gouvernement des Philippines, is operated by one of its corporations publics.
Bakso, l'Indonésia is part of the Indonesian language. L'Inghilterra is governed by Jusuf Kalla and leader in Indonesia.
Binignit e'n ingredient in Binignit is sweet potato, ma's division of Flowering Plant. 
Alex Plante, who was born in Manitoba, 1989, is a member of Anyang Halla., L'Alban-Hala, Alex Plantes, became fought in Manitoba, 1986.
 Agnes Kant risiede i Paesi Bass.
Adenan Satem e's Alma mater of the University of Adelaide., Accademia degli AdenansSatem, is a alma mater per l'Université d'Adelaide.
Ajoblanco, a gcuid de Felipe VI of Andalusia, is l'Espagne where Susana Diaz. Ajoblanco comes dall'Andalousia, ma j'y compris dagli Spanjaards.
Alkmaar Zaanblanco, a member of AZ Alkmaar is 17023.
VIAG is l'indirizzo degli Agra Airport in India, a gníomhaireacht operated by the Indian Air Force. It has an icao location identifier VIAG.
AIDS (journal) is a member of Orthoretrovirinae and has an academic discipline in HIV. 
Alfons Gorbach, a fought in Imst, Austrian German. A's leader is Doris Bures and died in Graz. L'Autriche all'austrian german.
A.S. Livorno Calcio, manager Christian Panucci, is a member of Genoa C.F.C. and he plays for Real Madrid FC.
The A.F.C. Fylde is a ground in thefyllde. 
Chorizo is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa., Bandeja paisa is a member of Chorizo.
Elliot See, a defunted by St. Louis, was born on 23 July 1927, Dallas. Aveva l'université Texas Austin in Austin, whose test pilot is affiliated with the University of Texas System.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the United States. The largest city of Texas is Houston.
Alvah Sabin, a defunted in Sycamore, Illinois, fought in Vermont, il 3rd distretto di presidenza. Il y compris le 1st semestre elettorale de Burlington (Illinois).
Dodge Coronet, 1955 Dodge, a body style in Hardtop. It has un moteur V8 and one of its alternatives name is Dodgre Coronett., The ground-style in 1955 can be found in Hartop.
Lenol, l'ordinaire de Bandeja paisa in Paisa region. L'organe is Rosids and it comes from Rutaceae.
Atlantic County, New Jersey is a country in the United States., Atlanta County (New Jersey) comes from the U.S.
Icolo e Bengo, in Angola, it is located in Ícolo-Engo. It has an runway name of South Runway., Il aeroporto International Banana's IATA can be found in Icolo/Eningo.
Albennie Jones e's genre of Rhythm and Blues. It is originated from blues. 
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in New York City, is a member of the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare.
Aleksandr Chumakov e'r manager Valery Petrakov, Aleksandr Tukmanov. Il football FC Torpedo Moscow is a member of the 2014-15 Russian Premier League. Is l'université de Russie 2014.
Aleksandr Prudnikov, who was born on 24th February 1989, is a member of FC Spartak Moscow. He plays for FC Kovan Krasnodar.
Abel Caballero, a fought in Ponteareas, Spain., Mae'n abhlachta Abel Caffelgallo (Galina Spáinnie).
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County in Texas, where the Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Binignit e's main ingredient in Binignit is sweet potato., Mae gran ingredient binignit, f'espèce de tarto di banana.
Mik Akhigbe e's predecessor to Oladipo Diya.
Albert B. White, a breithiúnas William M. O Dawson, was born in Bloomington (Maryland). Agnes Ward White fought in Marietta, U.S. I.R.I., Robert W.M.O.Dawson defeadh Parkersburg, West Virginia.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a municipality of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. It's home to Adams County, Pennsylvanie, New York, Cumberland County (Maryland) and Carroll County-Maryland.
 Austin, Texas is a part of Travis County in Texas, United States., Austin, Illinois is patrocinata dall'U.S.
Arròs negre is a Squid ingredient. 
Allan Shivers, a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur), was succeeded by Ben Ramsey.
Addiction (journal) a bbreviated to Addiction. It has an academic discipline of Asddiction, e's nnuméro 0965-2140. 
Alan Bean, who was born on 15 October 1932, Wheeler, Texas, is a member of NASA. Alan Bean's crew was operated by Apollo 12 in the U.S. A.K.A., l'armée d'Airteagal 12 devrait être retiré.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, Azerbaïdjan. Its native name is Türk Spartaki Aniti.
Wiley-Blackwell is published by Wiley Blackwell. 
Lancia Spartaku's Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy, it has the capital city of Rome. It is related mean of transport by Lancia Mita.
The periapsis of 1101 Clematis is 445895000000.0.
David Cameron is a leader of the United Kingdom, whose capital is London, Elizabeth II. Il's journal de AIDS (journal) was published in the U.S. L'y compris l'I.R.L.J.A.w., Diofficier d'AIDS(journal), c'e'n-i.
(66063) 1998 RO1 epoch was on 4th July 2013, it has an escape velocity of 0.0999 km/s., The époch date is on 3rd نيسان/أبريل 2013. It's fuga Velocity de 0,0999 kilograms per second.
Anaheim, California a total area of 131.6 sq km. It has an elevation above sea level de 48., Mae Anaheim in California ha 121.6 square kilometres.
Airey Neave s'est fought in the World War II and was actively attended on June 30th 1953.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a breitheamh in New Britain,Connecticut, is an ethnic group of Native Americans., Breu'r Abraham A Rasboff (in New-Britannia, Citta'), f'un opossum ethnique degli Stati Uniti.
John Roberts, l'université de 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the U.S. The United States has an ethnic group of African Americans and its leader is John Roberts.
Siomay is a variation of Shumai. 
The Arctech Helsinki Shipyard Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) is 21.2 metres long and it was constructed by ArcTech Helsinki Boatyard. 
Alfons Gorbach, a married in Tyrol (state), was born in Imst. He died in Graz.
Binignit, l'ingredient in Binignit is sweet potato. Il grange de binignit j'y compris le Philippines.
Stuart Parker, who played for Irlam Town F.C. Blackpool, is a manager of A.F.A.B. blackpool and e'n footballer KV Mechelen., Ilm Town C.L.I.K.
Philippe of Belgium is a leader in Belgio, Philippe.
A.D. Isidro Metapan, which has 10000 members, is in the Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez. It's full name is Isidro Metapán., The A D.Isidro metapan ha 10000 membres, it had 10000 members.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a governed by Daniel Martínez (politician), died in Montevideo.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Tom Tomsk, which is a member of the Russian Football National League.
Amsterdam- Centrum is a part of Amsterdam- centrum.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaïdjan., Azerbaidjan's leader is Arthur Raswys.
The Antares rocket is manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, 2013-04-21.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., The Acte Mathematicsa Mikulica (abbreviation to it Act A Math.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, where Richard J Berry is the leader of Albuquerques City Council., Albacuerque (New Mexico), which is located in the U.S. A.L.A.
Mae Barny Cakes n'est pas in France, mae f'français. Grâce Gérard Larcher, Claude Bartolone, is l'ingrédient de la crème Sponge.
Fiat Croma, l'Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Milan.
L'epochta 107 Camilla, l'E. Wells, has an apoapsis of 560937000.0 km/km. Il periapsis is 479343000.0 km(il]).
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the headquarters of Four World Trade Center., 
Ajoblanco, l'Almonds, garlic, water, olive oil, is an ingredient in Ajoblanco. Il y compris sa region Andalusia, it has its main ingredients: Bread, almonds (ganlig, air, oliv ola) agus a base of bread, talvins, f'Andalousia.
(66063) 1998 RO1 a epoch date of 4 November 2013, it has an orbital period of 360.29 days. It had an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km/m.
Alan Frew, a solo singer, performer rock music. Rock music is originated from blues and bhangra (music).
Hypermarcas a bhaint as l'industrie pharmaceutiques, y compris le Mantecorp. Hypermarcais has 10252 employs and is operated in São Paulo. L'inférior net-incombent f'860000000 milliers.
A Wizard of Mars is a media type in Hardcover. It's author was Diane Duane, and it has an ISBN number 318900313., The ISBN Number 278753000-2 is 318875313.
In Belgaum, l'Université Visvesvaraya Technological is affiliated with the Acharya Institute of Technology which was operated by All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. L'université Tal-Indiens tal-Idir-Il-il-L-Feisirt ta's tennis, f'appartenant à la Fédération Internationale Tennis Association., La Fédération internationale de Technologie Tecnico Ta'
Abel Hernández e'n club degli U.S. Citta di Palermo, o Peñarol.
Pietro Grasso e'r leader in Italy, A.C. Lumezzane is l'Italie, a città degli Stati membri. 
The AIDAstella was christened on 16 March 2013. 
Airbus Defence and Space is a parent company of Airbus Group., The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Apollon 5, l'Afrane 5, gníomhaireacht de la difesa e sécurité u remplacement.
Livorno Calcio S.p.A. A.S. Livorno, calcio f'appartenant a Stadio Armando Picchi in 2014-15 Serie B.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is published by J. V Jones, ISBN number 51969173 and it has a print book number 7653-0633-6.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica has an academic discipline of mathématiques and its isn number 0236-5294., L'Acta Math. Hungar, abbreviated to Acte Math.
Al Anderson, a band NRBQ, was born in Windsor (Connecticut) i 1966. Al Anderson is associated with the musical artist The Wildweeds.
The AIDAluna is a long-cargo of the Sphinx class Cruise Ship., 
110 Lydia contains periapsis 377016000000.0.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. It is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe and it has an currency as a shri Lankan rupee.
Alvah Sabin a successor was Homer Elihu Royce., Allora Sabin, who occuped the secrétaire d'État de Vermont, worked as Secretary of St.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road - Bangalore – 560090., The campus in Sold Evanahalli (Acharya) Dr Sravarvi Radjakrishnani Road is Hargrettura Main Rd, Bangalore– 56090.
Bew kway teow in Indonesia, l'Indonésia is led by Tony Tan.
Abilene, Texas a total area of water is 14.2 square kilometres and it has an elevation of 524.0 km above sea level. It's population density of 429.9 (inhabitants per sq km) u environ 286.5 square0000.
Auburn, Washington is part of King County a Washington D.C. in the U.S. St. A.D.L.
18R/36L is a runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport., The Aviation Ufficiale Almat Awqibal international Airport has l'arrivée 18R 36L.
Alan Martin e'r footballer de Clyde F.C. is a member of Barry Ferguson, whose club is Broadwood Stadium., Barrow A.F.
Anaheim, California a governed by the United States House of Representatives is part of Orange County in California. L'Alban County (Illinois), c'est le leader degli Stati Uniti.
Frank de Boer e'r manager of AFC Ajax, which is a member of Frank De Boer., Fergn b'fgergd f'Académie Youth Academy (ad hoc).
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Georgia, in the United States. Il comhlacht de Opelika, Al-U.S. It has a member of Native Americans.
James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada, was discovered by 103 Hera., Jefferyd by James Craig (Watson) comes from Canada.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is located in the United States where Barack Obama is an ethnic group of Native Americans. In the U.S. are one of the languages as English., L'Albaque (New Mexico) comes from the Amérique St.A. and became a member of Albuquerques City Council.
Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, Greece, operated by Minister for Health. He is a Ministre per la santé.
Illinois Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the U.S. A.K. l'Aerfort Régional dell'Alpena in Illinois., L'aeroporto regional degli Alcans Alberta is located o Wilsontownship (Albenna County) en Michigan, United States.
Mae's batchoy is an ingredient of Chicken. 
N. R. Pogson, Nottingham, was born on 31 December 2006. It has an epoch date of 107 Camilla.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road - Bangalore – 560090., The director of the Institute of Technology is Dr G. P. Prabdnikovar and its campus was in Sold Evanahalli (Acharya) Dr Sravarbhai Radjakrishnani Road; HessaghattaMain Road), Bangalore– 380090.
The film Baymax is a Big Hero 6.
Albany, Georgia e's part of Dougherty County in Georgia, Illinois. Is a member of the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
The runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 06/24 Kaaddaan. It has a length of 2014.0 and an elevation at -3.3528.
Abilene, Texas is part of Texas.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was authored by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce et al. It has 512 pages.
L'aerfort Alderney, which is served by Alderny., Algarney Airport serves the city of Aldernie.
Alvah Sabin, a governed in Georgia, Vermont, f'appartenant à la 3rd distretto de congrès fédéral-Vermont. Il y s'occupe d'un seul district de confraternil-vermont; il n-aurait ta' Burlington (Vermont).
Aaron Turner, a member of the House of Low Culture, performs black metal and Mamiffer. Is l'instrument de Black metal whose genre is Death metal.
Arred by Gary Cohn (comics) Bolt, which was created by Paris Cullins.
Batagor is a peanut sauce. Siomay has an ingredient in Peanut, y compris l'ingrisseur de batagor.
Caterpillar Inc., where Douglas R Oberhelman was founded in Illinois, is a member of AIDA Cruises. L'IATAluna comes from the U.S. A.I. and it has l'indirizzo degli Stati Uniti.
Albany, Georgia e's part of the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group. Is l'université degli Stati Uniti, in which Albany and Georgia is led by President.
Sandesh (confectionery) is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, a base of desserts. Is l'ingrédients per Christmas pudding.
Ajoblanco, y compris l'Andalousia. Ajoblanco is a propriétaire d'Acqua.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, which is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas, was operated by ENAIRE. It has a runway name 18R/36L.
Airey Neave a fought in the World War II and was born on 30th March 1979. It has an awards of Military Cross, whose active year is made on Mars 30, 1979.
The Ariane 5 has a maiden ship on 11 August 2005.
Dan Mishkin was a comic character Bolt. 
The Atlas II originates from the United States., Atlas II originated from l'U.S.
Apollo 14 e'l operator of NASA., The Apollo 14 is operated by NASA.
Alan Frew e's band associated with Glass Tiger. 
Alan Bean, a commander in Apollo 12 is David Scott. He fought in orbite 100305.0 (minutes) o Alfred Worden. Alan Bean operates Apollo 12. L'Apollo 12 was l'armée de NASA and he became gníomhachatore en NASA.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, part of the community of Madrid., Adirfons Madrid–Barrajas aeroport Adolfo Suarez Valencia – Barajas Stadium serves San Sebastian de Los Reyers, parti de la Communauté de Madrid.
Julius Springer, who was founder in Acta Mathematica Hungarica, is foilsed by the Public Académie Science+Business Media., L'Accademia dei Sciences & Business Media operates by Janulius Súrs.
Duncan Rouleau, a fought in the film Big Hero 6 which starred Maya Rudolph.
Al-Khor Sports Club, Alaa Abdul-Zahra e'n club Al-Kehor Sport Club. Il-Kaol Football Club is located in Al Khor., L-Ala Awal-Kal-Kwar f'un club al shorta SC.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press, in the U.S. In Great Britain.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, l'Alban Schneider-Ammann, is a member of the Federal Chancellor in Switzerland. L'Académie dell'Albenturio was established en 1996 and ha 600 studenti.
Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California, is located in Asilamar blvd. The National Register of Historic Places has a référence number 87000920.
 Rodrigo Dutiye is a leader of the Philippines. 
A Wizard of Mars is a language English. 
Akita Museum of Art which is located in Akita, Awitta. It is part of Ikita Territory and it has an ethnic group of filippinas in Japan. 
The Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level., L'Agraham Regional Adirondack, which has an elevation of 507 p.S.
Aaron Turner, a member of the band Twilight and Greymachine, is associated with Black metal. Il's music fusion genre de Death metal, f'y compris black metal.
L'arrabbiata sauce in Rome, it is a food found in Italy. It is an ingredient of the sarbicor arrabbiato which has its main ingredients: Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil. 
Aleksandre Guruli s'est a club de FC Karpaty Lviv, AS Lyon-Duchère.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl, A.S. Gubbio 1911 s'est passé in 2014, it has 55000 membres.
James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison, Wisconsin, has an epoch date of 27th July 2011, and is discovered by 103 Hera. He died in New York (Madison), Wisconsin).
11/29, Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. It has a length of 896.0 and its runway name is 11/29.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, a Volkswagen Polo. It's related means of transport in SEAT Ibiza and VW Polo.
Douglas R. Oberhelman, l'AIDAluna is a power type of Caterpillar Inc.
Alison O'Donnell e'r flibbertigibbet, is a member of Mellow Candle and performs folk music of Ireland in 1963. Alison E'donnell began degli albums folkloriques d'Éirinn. Il became actively part of the band Lijbilbertibbet.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where the  hymn is O Canada. Is l'hymne d'Elisabeth II and Elizabeth II are leaders.
Addiction (journal) is a member of the LCCN number 92395978. It has an abbreviation to Addiction, l'iSSN number 1360-0430.
Il Gruppo Bertone, a partire da Torino, is l'Italie. Il gruppo Berten ha commencé in Turin.
Mae Baked Alaska in France, U.S.O. ou China is an ingredient of Christmas pudding. 
The Acura TLX, which is a member of the Honda K Engine, was assembled by Marysville Auto Plant. Its layout is front-engine and it is led-configuration.
The Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. It was architectural style of Tudor and Jacabin., Ahmad Hall Adyam Hall has l'Abraham Hall which is operated by Tudora agus JacFabian.
Beef kway teow, which is from Singapore and Indonesia. It's main ingredients are Kway Teow (Kway Teeow), beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shrued, sected black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, Lengkuas, oryster salsa, soja, chili agus sesamo oil., Bfeiff kwaye taow comes from Singapour et Indonesia.
The escape velocity is 0.0112 km per seconds, it has an apoapsis of 530092000.0 km., L'espèce de 1097 Vicia ha a temperature of 171.0 Kelvins, f'aspsis di 308490000,0 km.
Alan B. Miller Hall, l'architecte Robert A. M Stern, was a tenant de Mason School of Business.
Buzz Aldrin, l'astronaute Apollo 11 was operated by NASA in 1963. William Anders is a crew member of Apollo 11. L'armée d'Autriche Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1964. Il shuttle pilot became Williams Anders.
 Valery Petrakov is a manager of FC Torpedo Moscow.
The Atlas II is originated from the United States, where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S., L'Atlas II originates dall'origine de l'Azerbaidjan.
10 Hygiea formerly known as A900 GA. It has an epoch date of 27th June 2015.
L'Italie, where A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Rome, c'est l'indirizzo degli Italians. L'Istituzione ha Sergio Mattarella.
Mae Agustin Barboza, l'Azerbaidjan, Juan Afara, is a member of the Spanish language.
The main ingredients of Binignit are sweet potato and Solanales.
Aleksandre Guruli, a member of FC Dinamo Bakumi, f'Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium. Levan Khomeriki is l'administrator de FC Dynamo Barumi.
The Acura TLX is a manufactured by Honda, Honda. It has an inline-four engine.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the U.S. A.L. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Hugh Hazzard is a full name of Bozo the Iron Man. 
L'aeroporto Alderney, y compris an 1st runway surface type de poaceae. L'atterrissage is 733.0 and it has a length of 73.3 km long.
Antioch, California a's elevation above sea level is 13.0.
Alfredo Zitarrosa e's band associated with Hilario Pérez. 
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaïdjan.
Rock music band Al Anderson (NRBQ) is a fusion genre de Bhangra. Is l'orchest musical Rock music, o blues rock music. Il can be found in the band NRBQ whose origins originates from Blues. 
Arukles, l'orrivée degli Aurakles, is Len Wein.
Attica, Indiana is part of Indiana where the capital is Indianapolis.
10 Hygiea e's surface area of 837080.744 squarekilometres. It has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 km, it is 164.0kelvins. 
The Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York.
Antwerp International Airport serves Antwerp, where Philippe of Belgium is the leader. L'aerfort international Brussels s'est rivelato o l'Anvers.
Buzz Aldrin, a member of the United States, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He became national degli Stati Uniti.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is a leader in Pakistan. 
Arròs negre is in Catalonia, Spain. Is a Squid ingredient.
3Arena which is located in East Link Bridge. It is propriétaire of 3Arena live Nation Entertainment, where it is operated by Live nation Entertainment. 
The Republic of Ireland is a member of the language English.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, where Joe Biden is a leader of the U.S. John Anders operates Apollo 11 e'r backup pilot William Anders.
John van den Brom, whose club is De Graafschap, was manager of AZ Alkmaar, a member of Vitesse Arnhem.
Alan Shepard, who died in California, was a member of the U.S. Navy, is fossile de Solodon. He won an awards for Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy).
Alan Shepard, who was born on 18th October 1923, New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC, M.A. 1957 and date of retirement on 1st July 1974., John Separd (born on 31 Novembre 1923) is a member of WWC in 1957.
San Sebastián de los Reyes e's country in Spain. 
Bakso, l'Indonésia is governed by Jusuf Kalla. L'Idirunien in Indonesia, it has the capital de Jakarta, c'est Jaco Widodo.
Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib was succeeded by Alifat Abdul Tub Mahmud. 
11264 Claudiomaccone a periapsis is 296521000.0 km/km. It has an epoch date of 26th October 2005, ed it has the peripsys as 296092000.0kilometres. 
Bacon sandwich, bacon sarnie, rasher Sandwich, Bacon saner, pee'n baco, bocon cob, bucon barm, macon muffin, became ingredient in brown sauce. 
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has a runway name 4/22.
Aleksandr Chumakov e'n club FC Torpedo Moscow, whose manager is Valery Petrakov. It plays in 2014-15 Russian Premier League. , Aleksej Chumarkov f'en football FC Turobo  Moscou, a governer Aleksandr Chustakov.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr., who was born in Tampere, Finland on 9th July 1995, is a member of the birth date of September 09, 1995., Mae Aleksandr Erkov J.J.
Akeem Priestley, who was born in Jamaica, is Patrick Allen (politician) and Elizabeth II.
Appleton, Wisconsin serves Appleton. It is part of Kimberly and Little Chute in Wisconsin.
Attica, Indiana is part of Indiana in the United States., Mae's Attica and Indiana originates from l'U.S.
Albany, Oregon y is part of Linn County and Benton County in Oregon. Albany's region is the United States.
Mae Addis Ababa, l'Éthiopie is a governed by Mulatu Teshome. L'Etiopie c'est patrocinata dall'Adij-Abeba, mae fattoressa da Lulu Teshom.
Aleksandr Prudnikov e'n football club FC Terek Grozny, whose manager is Rashid Rakhimov. Is a member of FC Dynamo Moscow. Aleksandr Prudavad l'ex-club FC Spartak Moscou, i gcomhlacht f'Irkim Gorzny; s'il y ghlac ar RB Lokomotiv Moscu.
Bew kway teow, oyster sauce, gula Melaka, grantured, scaoileadh, secteáin black beans, garlic, dark soy salsa, sedankuas, orsaggio, sesamo oil, mae'r region in Singapore agus Indonesia. 
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has a ISBN number 41071100.
The General Dynamics Electric Boat, which is located in Groton (Connecticut), has 3.8 m long and was constructed by the General Dynamis Engineering Boat., Il'American submarin NR-1 comes from Groon, Citta', New York, United States are parent company of General dynamis Electronic Boat.
In India, Bhajji is a leader in T. S Thakur and Narendra Modi.
Hypermarcas, l'industrie degli produits pharmaceutiques, f'appartenant a Biopharmaceu. La densità demografica is 23.8 km/h.
The United States Air Force aviation, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom, was operated by Al Asad airbase and Lockheed AC-130. L'armée General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is the organisation of oibriúcháin for the U.S.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority whose headquarters are Jinnah International airport.
Paul Ryan, l'Autriche is a member of the United States where Bacon Explosion was operated in Washington D.C.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom., The U.R.U., which has its capital in London.
Joden, Godenblanco is a member of the AFC Ajax (amateurs) which has l'appello Joden.
Adam Koc e'n nationalita' polacco-Soviet, Poland. Adam Koc fought in Poland and was a member of the Polish–Soviet War. Joseph Stalin is l'aggressor polaco-soviet.
 Dublin is a country of the Republic of Ireland., Dáilte in Dublin, Poblacht na hIrlande.
10 Hygiea s'epoch date 27th June 2015, it has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 km. It is 0,14 km/m per sec. L'espèce c'est 837080.744 squarekilometres. La temperatura de 10 Hygia n'asphète 164.0 Kelvins.
Aerfort Andrews County Airport which is located in Texas, Austin, Texas. It has the capital city of Austin and Houston.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom.
Aaron Turner, a band Isis, is associated with Lotus Eaters., Abraham Turner e'r associate with an lotus eaters (band Sis).
Alison O'Donnell, a member of the band Mellow Candle and is associated with folk music. Alison Donnell performs actively in 1963.
Antonis Samaras, a successor de Konstantinos Mitsotakis, was in office while Antonis Samares is Vice-Ministre.
The Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and it has a runway name 12R/30L. It has an elevation of 2989.0 km above sea level in Metres 211, i length de l'arrivée d'Asbagagat.
Alessio Romagnoli e's club in A.C. Milan, Siniš Mihajlović, is a manager degli AC Milan.
Drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music, Abradab. Hip hop's musical genre is Gangsta rap.
Athens is a member of the Olympic Stadium in Atene, Athens. Giorgos Kaminis is an Mayor of Athènes. Is l'Istadio Olympique (Athans).
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Tamil Peninsula, Malaysia. Its main ingredients are fish cuisined in sour and hot sauce. 
Andrew White, musician, a genre alternative rock is Nu metal., Anderson White (musician) performs Alternative rock's fusion genre nu metal.
Aenir, l'Australie is Australians. L'Accademia dei Castle (novel) was preceded by Aener. 
Alfred Garth Jones, who was born in Manchester, London, is a member of the Labour Party (UK) agus died in Sidcup. Is é l'agglomération de Manchester c'est le leader du Parlaimint na hEorpa.
Adam Koc e's nationality of Poland, where Adam Koc fought in the Polish-Soviet War and Kashubian was a member of Joseph Stalin.
Alan Shepard, who died in California, was a member of the California. 
Bandeja paisa e's food from the Antioquia Department. Bandeja paisa is a Colombian cuisine, y compris an ingredient de Kidney bean.
The 1st runway type is Poaceae and it has a length of 877.0 km., L'aeroporto Alderney, which had l'1st course Surface type de poaceae, was located on 877 km/h.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé s'est produite in 1958. It has 2160.0 millimetres, a body style of two door coupé and is operated in 1956. 
Alex Day e's genre is Synthpop, which originates from new wave music.
Aleksandra Kovač, who was born in Belgrade, is a solo singer. Aleksandra Kovac's genre of Rhythm and Blues. It has an rhythm and blues genre.
The temperature of 1036 Ganymed is 160.0 Kelvins., 10,136 Gannymed has a température of 160,0kelvins.
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow. Valery Petrakov is a manager of FC Teorpedo Moscou.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It's west of Franklin County (Maryland), Frederick County en Pennsylvanie., L'11th Municipio Incendiary monument is situated within Adams Contae, Illinois, Indiana.
In Haputale, Sri Lanka is a leader of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. An currency degli Adisham Hall comes from haputal, Taivale. It's capital c'est Ranil Wickremesinghe.
The A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 membres., Il y'll a number of members is 1500 Membres.
Arròs negre, in Spain, is a member of the Valencian Community. Is l'ingredient degli ingredienti: White rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle Peppers.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is a leader of Ann-Arbor.
Andrews County Airport serves Andrews, Texas.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Adenan Satem. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., which has Douglas ROberhelmans., DORS R O'Ergrifan was l'ekey person of the Carroll Inc.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a class of Executive car. 
The apoapsis of (410777) 2009 FD is 259776702.44075 km., L'apopsis n'(603672009 FD) 2011 FD, f'efficacia de 26977 6702.42395 km.
 Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. L'Université Cornelle was affiliated with the Association of American Universities and it has an publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly.
Andrew White, a member of the Kaiser Chiefs, is associated with Marry Banilow. Andrew White (musician) has l-album label Polydor Records and he performed in 2003.
Adam Koc, who was born in Congress Poland, is a member of the Polonais-Soviet War. Adam Koc became fought in מלחמת polacco-soviet war. Il battaglione de la Polonia Civile Russa, Joseph Stalin, l'armée poblachta polaisienne.
Bionico, y compris granola, is an ingredient in Bionico.
Inuktitut is the language of Canada., Nuttitut e'n English in Canada.
The Antares rocket, which was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, is a launch site of Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It has an final vehicle on 28th October 2014 and its maiden fly on 22nd April 2014.
The ALV X-1 is manufactured by the Assembly Techsystems.
Atlanta is a country in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
GMA New Media, which was founded on 1st January 2000, is operated by mass media. Its key person is Felipe Gozon and fought in the GMA Network Center.
Abel Hernández, who played for Hull City A.F.C., manager Steve Bruce, is a member of the FCS.
Dan Mishkin e'n comic character Bolt, which was created by Ernie Colon. It has an alternative name to Larry Bolatinsky., Anderni Colón is creator of Bolt (comics car Acter Bolt) ed ernie Colon).
Albuquerque, New Mexico, a governed by the State Senate., Albaque (New Mexico) is leader of the state senate.
The A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages. It is printable., I's Labyrinthe Grachtenbury, which has 11 pages in print and it has 512 pages.
In India, l'AWH Engineering College is located in Mumbai. Ganges are ganges.
L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, which was built by Helsinki, is operated by Finland. It has 21.2 metres long in service.
101 Helena, a mass of 3,0 km/kg, is 3.0 kg. 
Il ALV X-1 originated from the United States, where Washington D.C. are an ethnic group of White Americans. L'hymne is The Star Spangled Banner.
The Aston Martin V8 was assembled in the United Kingdom, which has 5.3 litres and is a related means of transport., L'Aston M.R.M.J.S.P.w.v.p.d.m.b.l.n.r.t.s.e.g.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. It is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe and it is governed by Rيلان Lanka.
Buzz Aldrin, a New Jersey is part of Essex County, New York. Il'y compris Glen Ridge and Joe Biden are leaders in the United States.
James Craig Watson, whose state of origins is Canada, died in Madison Wisconsin, Wisconsin., Jefferyr 101 Helena, was discovered by James Craig Walter, c'est l'état d'origine du Canada.
Andrew Rayel, who was born in Chișinîu, Moldova, is a member of the band Trance and Christian Burns. He performed by Armin van Buuren en 2009.
Adam Koc, who was born in Congress Poland, is a member of Leon Trotsky. Adam Koc became fought in the Polish-Soviet War and died in Congrès Poland.
Allan Shivers, who was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) is part of Democratic Party in the United States. He succeeded Price Daniel and his successor was PriceDaniel.
Antioch, California's 11th State Assembly District is the leader of l'11th state Assembly district.
Casey Ribicoff, who was born in Chicago, is a spouse of Abraham A. Riblicoff., The birth place of Jacob A.
A Severed Wasp, a media type print, is 8802395. It has an ebook number 8804107, it has the ISBN code 8804075, f'un bibliothèque of CongressClassification PS23.9.E55 S4 1982., The Bibliothèque de Congress Classificazione PS6036. E55S4 1980 and its mass editor is print.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, where the capital is Salem. Is a member of the U.S. African Americans are an ethnic group.
Swords, Dublin is a member of the County Manager., The Swords and Dublin are led by the District Manager.
The Akita Museum of Art which was inaugurated on 28th September 2013, is 3746.66 square metres. It has 3 floors and 3 737.66 sqm.
The Barny Cakes created by Mondelez International., Monlez international is a Creator of Barnny desserts.
Michele Marcolini, a member of A.C. Lumezzane, operated by Torino FC Bari 1908., Mae's club is f.c. Bari 1907 in Italy.
Arem-arem n'est pas l'Indonésia, y compris la rupiah indonesiana. It is part of the Javanese cuisine and it is led by Joko Widodo.
Albany, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S.), where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A.F.C. Fylde, which has 3180 membres, can be found in Warton,fyllde. It's full name is Association Football Club Gülde.
Andrew Rayel, a member of Jwaydan Moyine, performs house music. Christian Burns's genre is House music.
Ala Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad. 
Mae batchoy is a food found in the Philippines., Mee'n paese of الفلبين.
The United States of America is a long name in the U.S. D.A..
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
Adam Holloway, who was born in Faversham Kent, England, fought in Gulf War, Colin Powell. He e'n commander en Grenadier Guards.
The Hypermarcas has a net income of 108600000, which has an revenue of 1800000000. It has 10252] employs.
Aaron S Daggett fought in Battle of Mine Run.
A-Rosa Luna, a bunaíodh Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germania. It is governed by Andreas Voßkuhle and it was built by Apollo Luna.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Georgia, in the U.S. A.K.; Opelika, Al-Mae'r and Auburn comes from L-U.R.
Arròs negre is in Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader.
Ahmet Ertegun, a member of Washington D.C., is originated in the U.S. A.K.
Ram Naik, Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh. L'université tal-Agra Airport a identifier l'indirizzo VIAG. Il y risulta dall'Inauguration f'VIAG.
Auron, l'Américaine, was created by Karl Kesel and Walt Simonson.
Bacon Explosion is a sausage in the U.S.U., l'ingredient de bacon explosion was Sausage.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988., Athsher et Mary Elisabetleריצ's House was aggiunto al Registre Nazionale per gli itinerari storici on 23rd December 1988.
Alan Shepard, who was born on 18th October 1923 in New Hampshire, is a member of the U.S. A.N.M.A. 1957 and died in California.
The rotation period of 1097 Vicia is 95060.0., L'intervalle de 100,0 km/h, f'était 95000.0.
Bill Oddie e's child with Kate Hardie.,  Bill Oddi, whose child is Kate Harie.
Amériques éagsúla is an ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. 
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union.
Anaheim, California s'occupy of Orange County in California, United States. It is part of the Greater Los Angeles Area., Mae Anaheim (United States) occupy orange County, Californie, l'université de New York, Illinois.
Alan Martin, who plays for Hamilton Academical F.C., is a member of Barrow A.F. C.
Alex Day e's active year in 2006 and is associated with Chameleon Circuit band, Charlie McDonnell. Alex Day devrait commencer en 2006.
Aleksandr Chumakov, who died in Russia, is a led by Sergey Naryshkin.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, which has a ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0, is published by Eric Flint. It's media type of Hardcover and it has an ISBN Number of 4165-201-0.
Aaron Turner e's genre of black metal, is associated with Twilight band and Greymachine. He performs Black metal.
The net income of Chinabank is 15100000000.
Albennie Jones e's genre of jazz. Blues is originated from blues.
101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days. 
Bionico e'n it is in Mexico, where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico. C'est particolarement de la lingua spagnola.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County in Indiana, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. Is l'enigma degli U.S. A.R.A.L.I.P.D.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. 
Massimo Drago e's club of S.S. Chieti Calcio, A.C. Cesena is a manager degli AC Cesene.
Roy D. Chapin Jr., AMC Matador was manufactured by Eagle (automobile) and is a key person of the American Motors whose successor is Eagle.
The Appleton International Airport, which is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, has a runway length of 2439.0. Il y scaip 280 km above sea level.
Trane, a Swords, Dublin. Trane's type of subsidiario is the building management system and its revenue is 10264000000. It has an net income of 556300000, milliers., Trane feidhme as Bin Management System operates construction systems and it has 560300000 tonnes.
The 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma and White South African are leaders.
Alessio Romagnoli e's club of A.C. Milan, a member of FC Milan is Defender. 
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, l'indication is 1732-2421 and it has an téléphone number 1202-2421., LCCN no 60360714 Acta Paleontol. Pol.
GMA New Media is a parent company of the Philippine Entertainment Portal. 
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County., Albiulia e's propriétaire de Alba Aulia.
Aerfort International Antwerp, which is a member of the Belge in Belgio, c'est Charles Michel. L'arrivée internationale de l'Anvers, b'etait f'en Beilge; Philippe Michel, fl'assortie d'anvers.
The dessert is a variation of Ice cream. 
John van den Brom e's club in AZ Alkmaar. 
Poaceae, which is a class of Monocotyledon, has an order of Commelinids and the 2nd runway surface type of Poaceae. 
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238] Membres.
Al Kharaitiyat SC e'n club in Al Khor, Alaa Abdul-Zahra is a member of Amar Osim. Is l'intermédiaire d'Araïb Al-Ordon Club.
Chinabank, which was founded in Manila, Philippines, is located in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands.,  Chinabank (capitald in Filippin) is operated by insular Gouvernement הפיליפינים.
Aaron S. Daggett a fought in Battle of Gettysburg, and won Purple Heart.
The Akron Summit Assault is a ground of St Vincent-St Mary High School., Akron's Allucination Asssault was located in St. Vincent–St. Mary high School.
The AmeriGas is a member of the energy industry., AmeriGas, whose capital is King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, produces Energy industry.
In Belgaum, l'Université Visvesvaraya Technological University is affiliated with the Vives Varaya Technology University. It was given the TechnicalCampus status by All India Council for Tecnico Education in Mumbai., The Acharya Institute of Technology has été assegnato le teicnol Campus Status by all India Conference per Tistic Education In Mumbai.
The 1955 Dodge has 230 centimetres cubes.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr. played for the National Hockey League.
A-Rosa Luna, a bunaíodh Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germania. He is l'université de Joachim Gauck, f'Allemagne. Il y compris la capitale di Berlin.
Aaron Bertram, a member of the Suburban Legends band Brian Robertson (trombonist), is associated with Ska punk and Kids Imagine Nation.
Meyer Werft is located in Papenburg.
Aaron S. Daggett, a member of the Battle of Fredericksburg, was born in Maine and became Purple Heart.
The AMC Matador, a mid-size car, was assembled o Thames, New Zealand. Il y compris l'AMC V8 moteur. It has an alternative name of the American MotorsMatador and it is operated in station wagon.
Alan B Miller Hall, which was owned by College of William & Mary, is located in Williamsburg, Virginia. It has 30 March 2007.
L'Angola International Airport, which is situated in Ícolo e Bengo, it is part of Luanda Province. It has a runway length of 4000.0 and an elevation above sea level in Metres 159.
A.C. Cesena e's league of Serie B and has 23900 membres.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090., Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum, India. It was established in 2000 and operated by Dr G. P. Prabhukumar. Il's campus degli Inland Asunillari, Inaugurated in 2000. Its director is Dr J.G.
Akeem Priestley is a youth club of Jacksonville Dolphins. 
The United States Air Force, which was operated by Al Asad airbase, fought in the Invasion of Grenada. The Lockheed AC-130 is an aviation fighter for the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
N. R. Pogson, a fought in Nottingham, was born on 17 Nollaig'1868, and died in Chennai.
Alan Shepard, a fought in New Hampshire, Illinois. He graduated from NWC, M.A. 1957 and died in California., L'université de New-Hampshire is l'université d'Albany.
Mae Barny Cakes, a bhfuil fhadhb aig 18.0 g, mae Apple. A' bhreathnamento dei barbecues ar fhaighde ta' apple.
Binignit s'inscrit in Visayas.
FC Terek Grozny is a ground for granny. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000, is a sportgoverning body for the International Tennis Federation.
Andrew the Apostole is a patron saint in Romania. 
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County in Indiana, United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., a total name of A.S. Roma is Rome, Italy. It has 70634.
Alfredo Zitarrosa e's record label of filmplay., The band is l'Azerbaidjan Zuccheria, which was signed to Movieplay.
Angola, Indiana is part of Indiana, where Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. A.K. originates from the United States.
Binignit, l'ingredient principal degli Sago, is sweet potato.
Buffalo, New York, a part of Erie County, NY. Il y's 250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo (New York).
Allen Forrest, who was born on 4th July 1981, is a derivative of Drum and bass. Il's genre hip hop has its stylistic origins in Disco.
The Barny Cakes contains 1.8 g protein., Focal fhathast is 1.8 G protein.
David Scott is a commander in Apollo 12 o NASA. L'Apollo 12 was operated by NASA, David Scott.
Dodge Coronet, a Dodge coronet is l'avbricante 1955 which has 3 speed automatic transmission and it has an alternative name to the Dodg Coronett. 
A Wizard of Mars, a media type de hardcover, was authored by Diane Duane, and has an ISBN number 978-20-15-204700-2., The ISBN Number: 978-1-15-204075-2 is ISBN ID: 97-2-15-206036-2.
11 Diagonal Street located in Cape Town, South Africa, where Cyril Ramaphosa is the leader.
Mae Bakso is a ingredient in vermicelli. 
Mae Acharya Institute of Technology was a member of the International Tennis Federation in Mumbai, India. It's sport sports offered by All India Council for Technical Education and it is located i Mumbai. Is l'Istituto de Technologie (Acharya), y compris la mer Arabian Sea.
Alba Iulia e'r originaire in Romania. 
Aleksandra Kovač e'n duo k2 (Kovač Sisters duo) is a member of the genre Rhythm and blues. Aleksandra Kovac was associated with Barni Dol.
Lentivirus is a razza de HIV., Iltillivirus, l'enfance of HIV can be found in lentivirus.
Antonis Samaras a successor is Konstantinos Mitsotakis.,  Antonis Samares e'n succursale Aleksandr mitsSpartakis.
Aerfort Andrews County Airport, which is located in Texas, Austin, Texas. It is the largest city of Texas where Austin's capital is Austin.
 Jens Hartel played for SV Germania Schoniche., Jens Härtel is a member of SVGermania olfsburg.
The Atlas II was completed on 16 March 1998., Atlas II has a final airport on 15 April 1998.
Alfons Gorbach, who was born in Tyrol, Austria-Hongheria, died in Styria. He a member of Tirol (state).
James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison Wisconsin, Wisconsin. He died en a Peritonitis., Mae's 103 Hera is discovered by the nationality of Canada, mae James Craig (Watson) and it has an apogée de peritonite.
Abel Caballero, a bhí in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain, was predecessor Francisco Franco., Mae'n f'Alfonso F'en Spáinn (Espagne) is defunta pendant quelqu'un du Monarch Juan Carl I d'Espagne, Francis Franco.
Adam Koc a fought in the Poland-Soviet War and was won Cross of Valour (Paesi Bass).
Arròs negre, in Catalonia, Spain, is a gran-ingredient dei White rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle Peppers., Arròs négerce it sa Catalogonia where Cubanelle is an ingredient.
Bill Everett ha vinto Eisner Award.
Andrew Rayel e's genre of Trance music, which originated from pop music. It is associated with Bobina and Christian Burns.
Aaron Deer, a member of The Horns of  felicity, is associated with the musical artist. 
The Dead Man's Plack, dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia, is made from Rock (geology).
L'enfance Mondelez International, y compris la France. La France is a leader de Gérard Larcher, c'est l'infrangissement in Chicago.
Aerfort Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. Texan is an t-Istáit Uniti.
Alagoas, l'estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is a member of Vila Nova Fampeonato Clube. L'esplorable Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense in Brasil, bénéficier degli champions du Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
Alberto Teisaire, a member of Mendoza, Argentina, was succeeded by Isaac Rojas. He fought as Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy.
James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison, Wisconsin, is a member of the University of Michigan. He died in New York, 1868 f'huirir 101 Helena, and he discovered on 15th July 2006.
Bandeja paisa e'r l'intermédiaire de Bandeja paisa, y compris la region Paisa. It is an ingredient of red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, butter fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, Galiciao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and limon.
Mae Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Kota Samwys, Sarawak, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Dimak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Maewan, Malaysia, Sumaïdjan, Sidjadan, Pakistan, Indonesia, Poland, Philippines, Paesi-Sarawak.
Mae'r AIDAstella, a longueur de 32.2 millimetres, was built by Meyer Werft, and it is operated by IATA Cruises. It has an runway length of 388.8 millimetri. L'intermédiaire de l'ICAOstella n'est pas 36.892 km/h. Il y compris 38.892 mm/w.
Gangsta rap is a subgenre of hip hop music. 
Al-Khor Sports Club played for the Qatar Stars League. 
The escape velocity of 1089 Tama is 0.0068 km per second., It has a fuga velocità de 0,0068 kilograms per sec.
Abdulsalami Abubakar e'n army nigérian., Abraham Abdul-Malaj Ali Bakkar, f'un branch militaire in Nigerian.
Aaron Turner e's genre of black metal., Alan Turner is a member of Black Metal.
Albany, Oregon y's part of Linn County in Oregon. It is a member of the United States where Washington D.C. are an ethnic group from African Americans., Illinois degli Stati Uniti n'est l'inhabitante d'Albennie, U.S.
James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison, Wisconsin, has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, and is discovered by 101 Helena., J'enquêta James Craig (who was founded in Canada) on 31 Nollaig 2006.
Alan Shepard, a New Hampshire, operated by NASA in 1959. He e'n member of Apollo 14 who was born in New-Hampshire and is defunted.
Mae'r Baked Alaska, in China, is a type of Chinese Standard Chinese.
 Nikos Voutsis is a leader in Grecia. 
Abel Caballero e'n in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch., Mae Abel Caallero, f'en exercice pendant quelqu'un de monarch Jose Luis I di Spáinn.
Aaron Bertram e'r a member of the Suburban Legends and is associated with Kids Imagine Nation. 
Ann Arbor, Michigan is part of Michigan in the United States.
The Addis Ababa City Hall, which has 42 m hectare, is operated by the governing Adis Afbeba. It's floor area is 140000.0 square metres and its current Tenants are Governo of Adda Aceda., Adis Adbeba city Hall (y ha 42m), it had 42 km d'hectare.
Il Memorial Turkish Martyrs, Baku is located in Azerbaïdjan, where Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Baku., Inaugurated from Bakou Turchia turchia turca Martyirs were Dedicato to The Ottoman Arm Commander Assassini in Bataja.
Anders Osborne, a member of the musical artist Theresa Andersson, was associated with Billy Iuso., Agnes Asborne is associate with all musician theresas Adasson.
Mae AmeriGas s'occupa de l'industrie énergétique.
Audi e-tron, a subsidiary de Ducati. Audi was constructed by August Horch and produced Audi A1.
The top speed of Alhambra is 18.52].
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a media type in Hardcover.
Goris Kaminis is the maire of Athens, o Giorgos Kamins.
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0.
The batchoy is in the Philippines, where Shrimp is an ingredient.
Bhajji, which is a member of T. S. Thakur, in India, has deonym as the Indian people. L'Inde c'est l'Uttar Pradesh and ta's Ta'ra Mahajan.
Baked Alaska is a member of the U.S. A.K., New York ou Hong Kong, l'ingredient f'ice cream, glace, crème de sponge or Christmas pudding., Saskatchewan Baked L'Alaska comes from Paris, Nu York/Hong Kong in Stáit Uniti.
Buzz Aldrin, a bhí in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, Illinois. It was selected by NASA per 1963 and fought as Apollo 11, massima mater de Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Adam Maher, a'n fought in Ait Ikkou, Marocco.
L'Arctech Helsinki Shipyard Aleksey Chirikov, l'icebreaker is operated in Finland. Il ghabhthóir Alekséy Chirinkov (insecticide) was 21.2 km/h. L'icrocket Aleksesy Churinov, f'appartenant all'Arctique Helsinki Boatyard.
Abradab, who was born in Katowice, Poland, is a member of Abradab.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore – 560090. L'Université Visvesvaraya Technological Institute was established in 2000 and operated by Dr G. P. Prabhukumar. It is a member of the Visvenahalli Institute of Technology (B.M. Reddy).
Buzz Aldrin, a member of Apollo 11 is Edwin E L. Aldrin Jr. He fought in Apollo 11. Its Alma mater was Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
1. FC Magdeburg played in 2014 and fought in 2014.
Trane is located in Ireland, where La Crosse, Wisconsin.,  Trane was established in L-Croix ( Wisconsin).
Bajji is a country in India, where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India.
Sadique Abubakar is a commander in the Nigerian Air Force. 
Mae'r arrabbiata sauce is in Italy, it has an ingredient of olive oil. 
Beef kway teow is a member of Singapore, where Standard Chinese is the language.
300 North LaSalle s'installe in Illinois, Illinois. It has 60 floors.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II, which originated from the United States. It was launched by Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Bacon sandwich, bacon sarnie, rasher Sandwich, Bacon sanie. Pae'n baco, bocon cob, bucon barm, bbacon muffin, is l'ingrédient dei bicon macon butty, batacon sarcine, rafraîng, pacon carner, pièce's n bagacon, tacon crabe, hacon Barm and bacion muffin.,
The Asilomar Conference Grounds added to the National Register of Historic Places at Pacific Grove, California. It has a référence number 87000920., It is l'Asal Mar Conference ground which was aggiunto all'Arc Graepac Grove ( California), where it has an t-inscrit in 1987-02-28.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica is an academic discipline of mathématiques., 
Elliot See, a member of the University of Texas at Austin, is affiliated with the U.S. S.K.A.J. A.L.R.C. in Dallas, f'euvrir le Big 12 Conferenza.
Buzz Aldrin, a member of NASA in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, operated Apollo 11, was retired on 20 janvier 1930. He s'occupyd by NASA en 1963.
Mae's language is Kashubian, Poland.
Alfred N. Phillips, who was born in Darien, Connecticut, is a member of theMayor of Stamford (Connecticut).
Ahmet Ertegun, a derivative of blues is Disco and disco. Il'rhythm and blues comes from the U.S. He died in Stáit Uniti.
Poaceae, l'arrivée Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is a 2nd runway surface type of poaceae. It has an order of Poales.
Bill Oddie, who was born in Lancashire, is a member of Bananaman., Bananaman's starred by Bill Oddi, and its birth place is Lancrashire.
The Antares (rocket) a launch site in Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with Minotaur V. It was comparable to Delta II, which originates dagli Stati Uniti.
Alan Martin, who was born on 1st January 1989, is a member of Crewe Alexandra F.C. and plays for Aldershot Town FC.
Mae Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, which was founded by Kempe Gowda I. It's west is the Arabian Sea and its affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase, which was operated by the USAir Force and is invasion of Grenada. L'Operating Enduring Freedom f'Invasion de Grenade. 
Anderson, Indiana is part of Union Township, Madison County, in Indiana, United States., Adir Anderson, Illinois is parti de St.S. A.D.
Akeem Priestley, who was born in Jamaica, Patrick Allen, is a politician.
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte, Sri Lanka, where the capital city is Sri Awdarepur Kotta. 
J. P. McManus, Adare Manor a bhaint as feidhmiú il 1862; James Pain is l'architecte J.P. MacManu.
Mae Agustin Barboza, whose leader is Juan Afara, was born in Asuncion, Paraguay. Is l'espèce degli ethnic group o Mestizo., Agusín Barbozza, f'appartenant a Guarany, Asunción, Andalusia, Filippina.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County in Indiana.
L'Italie, where Laura Boldrini is the leader of Italy. L'Amatriciana sauce can be found in Rome. Is a food from Italy whose capital is Roma.
The AMC Matador is a mid-size car, which was assembled o Thames, New Zealand. It has an alternative name of the American MotorsMatador., Ametador's mae f'apparecchiature de l'AMC MATador comes from Thames, Nuen-Zélande.
Amarillo, Texas e's part of Potter County in Texas, Stáit Uniti.
 Juan Peron e's party of Labour Party in Argentina., Jen Perón f'es member of the Lavoro Party (Argentine).
Lipincott Williams & Wilkins is the leader of the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is led.
Albany, Oregon is a part of Linn County (Oregon) in the United States, where Washington D.C. are an ethnic group de Native Americans.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak., Abraham Taboud fought in Mir, Malaisie, but became part of Burasaran Ra`ayat jati sarawak.
Madeleine L'Engle, l'auteur degli A Severed Wasp., L'Edward author is Madeleine I'Ingle.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 Srl, y compris le football Stadio Pietro Barbetti, is a member of 5300 membres.
Walter Baade, who was born in Göttingen, a member of the German Empire, died in Gottingen., The Walter baade's birth place in Gettingen and his alma mater is an University of Gosttingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed.
11 Diagonal Street a completion date of 1983. 
Aenir followed by Aeneir. 
Richard A. Teague, l'employeur de Chrysler, was a designer of AMC Matador., Rappeler Richard A teague is employé per Dodge.
Andrew Rayel e'r a member of Jwaydan Moyine., Andyred Andrew Rayell, whose band is associated with J Waydan Meyine.
Aleksandr Prudnikov e'n football club FC Amkar Perm, a gcuid de Rashid Rakhimov. Is l'agglomération du FC Terek Grozny, whose manager is Rashed Rakwysw.
Arem-arem e'r l-arm, y compris in Javanese cuisine. It is a variation of Lemper and it is an compress rice cuisined in banana leaf with legumes or minced meat fillings., The main ingredients of Arem Am-asem é'n t-alm f'orm p'erm b'irm fl-ram.
Mae's Chinabank, a chiffre d'affaires bancaires, is 15100000000.
Alvis Speed 25 is a constructeur of Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which was founded in Coventry. Its successor is Rover Company. 
Allan Sandage, Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire and died in West Germany, is a member of the University of Göttingen., L'université de Guttingen (ganymed 1036 Gannymed) was discovered by Walter baade.
Aaron Deer, a solo singer, is l'Indiana. He originated in Indiana and originates from the band Wee Giant.
Arem-arem e's region of Indonesia.
Halimah Yacob is a leader in Singapore, where Beef kway teow originates from Singapore. It has an dollar de Singapour and it was led by Halimah Yaacob.
(66063) 1998 RO1 epoch was on 4 July 2013.
L'Aerfort International Airport Atlantic City is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has an elevation above sea level of 23.3 km/h. L'Aeroport international Atlantic city is part of Atlantic County, Nebraska, U.S.
Ajoblanco, y compris in Andalusia, is part of Ajoblanco. It's ingredient is water.
Alfred Garth Jones died o London., Adolf Gart Jones defeadh London.
The Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, it has an architectural style of Tudor and Jacabin. It was acheved in 1927, where the St. Benedict's Monastery, Addisham, Haputhale, Singapore.
A Wizard of Mars is a media type in Hardcover. It's ISBN number 318900313 and Diane Duane.
Anders Osborne, a genre rock music, is Rock music and Alligator Records.
(66391) 1999 KW4, periapsis o 29919600000.0., 
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. 
L/21R, l'aeroporto Ardmore (New Zealand) a length of 14115. It has an 3rd runway surface type de poaceae. Il y ha 34.0 metres above sea level.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.,  Airey Nave is an American Institute of London.
Alison O'Donnell, whose record label is Fruits de Mer Records, was located o London. Deram Records has a jazz genre in Jazz.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) has a longueur de 192000.0 millimetres., L'Argentina is l'Argentine, y compris 2012.0 millimetri.
Elliot See, who was born on 23 July 1927, Dallas, has an status of defunt., The birth date in Dallas is 27 October 1927 and it was disfunted.
Rhythm and blues, Albennie Jones, a solo singer, has derivatives in disco. Is l'orchestre rock-rhythm et blues.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in Chicago, Illinois, is a member of the U.S. E.I. Americans are an ethnic group de l'Américain.
Ayam penyet serves the temperature hot., 
Ariy Neave, who battait in the World War II, was a member of Joseph Stalin.
Alan Martin played for Accrington Stanley F.C., The footballer Alan Martin (baller) which is a club member ofAccrington Sidney FC.
Akron Summit Assault is a ground in Akron, Ohio, U.S. In the United States.
Mae Abel Caballero, a member of the Minister of Transport, was born in Galizia (Espagne).
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabatt. It has a runway length of 3800.0 and it has 3900.0 metres long.
Aaron Turner, a band Sumac, is associated with an genre Black metal. He performs black metal music fusion genre Death metal.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in royaume Sarawak, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Abraham Taboud (born in Royaume sarawak) comes f'une partie de la Parti pesaka bumiSpartak Bblanco.
Abdulsalami Abubakar is a member of the Nigerian Air Force and was succeeded by Olasegun Obasanjo, mentre il Vice-Président ad AtikoAbubakar. 
Am. J. Math, l'American Journal of Mathematics has an abbreviated number 1080-6377.
In Japan, i Brasil is an ethnic group of brésiliens in Japan. 
Aaron Turner, a member of the House of Low Culture, is associated with Twilight band. Il's music fusion genre was Death metal.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, where the capital is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which has an elevation above sea level of 3.3528 and its oibríocht is -3.3084., L'Amsterdam Airport Chiphol ha l'embarquement de 3-350 km/h.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County in Indiana, United States, where 16.55 square kilometres are an area total.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff. 
(66391) 1999 KW4, a density of 2.0 gram perCubic Centimetres, it has an apoapsis of 162164091.6036 km., The media speed is 37.16 km per secs, c'est 37.14 km/secs.
Aaron Turner e'n band Lotus Eaters (band Twilight), is a member degli artist post-metal, y fought in 1995.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr., who was born in Tampere, Finland, is a member of the Florida Panthers club., Mae Alekser barkov Junior (born on September 9th 1995) and he plays feidhmes f'il fl-fl-pholl-fil-filial.
Albennie Jones, a solo singer in 1914, was born in the U.S. A.R.N.A., L'Albany Jones fought en 1914 and plays for Rhythm and blues.
René Goscinny was created by Asterix (cartacter comic) and is creato by RenéGOSCIENY.
Bo Bibbowski, y compris Marv Wolfman, became Jerry Ordway., Jen ordway Bibbaowski was a creator de Bibbo BibBowski (j'ordistingue Marw Wolfmann).
Bakso e'n is l'Indonésia in Indonesia, where the leader is Joko Widnikov. It has its capital city in Jakarta, and it is popular in Idir-Afrang Asia settentrionale.
Airey Neave s'engaged in the Battle of France and fought in 1974-04-04. It was actively made in 1979-03-30.
The United States Air Force, which was operated by Al Asad airbase, fought in Invasion of Grenada. Lockheed AC-130 is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and it has an invasion of Panama. 
Arthur Blank e's member of Atlanta Falcons, Akeem Dent.,  Arthur Blank is l'ordonnay de Atlanta Falces, whose team was debuted by the Atlanta Eagles.
Agnes Kant, l'Albanie de Representatives in the Netherlands, operated by Mark Rutte. Agnes Kant is a nationalità nei Paesi Bass., Marks Kant was oifige per le House of Représentants (Netherlands).
John Madin e'r architect 103 Colmore Row., Jen Macin is l'architetto 107 Colmor Row.
Rock's stylistic origins of jazz is blues. 
Buzz Aldrin, a became in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, United States. It was retired by Apollo 11 and is an crew member of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, operated by NASA, is a member of Apollo 14 and fought in the Apollo 14.
Abilene, Texas contains 325 area code.
L'Asser Levy Public Baths was in 1904 and a year of tionstruction., The Asser Livy public Bathes was en 1904.
Stuart Parker e'r footballer Runcorn F.C. Halton is a manager of A.F. C. Blackpool, which has runcorn f.c. halton. 
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio e'r dean Mario Botta, is a member of the Accademia per l'Académie dipلفه 100. Il y compris 600 studenti.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a member of the Nigerian Army, was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice-Président.
Ase Wilder's genre is hip hop music, which has its stylistic origins in Disco.
Julia Morgan, a New York Herald-Examiner, was born in California. Julia Morgan is l'architecte degli Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Archithóir Los Angeles herald examiner., Jija Morgan (born in Californie), operated by August 13th 1998 as Inauguration Hall Asiliomar.
Felipe Gozon is a key person of GMA New Media., Fafiliagozon, felipe GOzon's key persona is FelipeGozon.
Abner W. Sibal fought in the World War II and was a member of the United States Army.
DeSoto Custom a depuis 1955 Dodge, l'automobile De Soto, f'appartenant Chrysler Newport, c'est le constructeur de Siato Firedome.
Ajoblanco e's ingredient in Ajoblanco is Almond and Andalusia. 
Il Atatürk Monument (Izmir) is located in Turkey, Ankara. Il progettista Ahmet Davutoglu, l'Afray Canonica, c'est la capitale d'Ankara. L'inauguration date du 27th July 1932, il monument  Ataturk (Îzmir).
The Akron Summit Assault is a member of 3000 membres, y compris le Premier Development League. Is champions de K-W United FC.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Joe Biden and White Americans are an ethnic group.
Il y compris 300 North LaSalle in Chicago, Illinois, where Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago. It has 60 floors.
The Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka. It has architectural style Tudor and Jacabin, which was completed in 1927., L'Adirham Hall s'est achevé in 1931.
Abraham Abdulsalami Abubakar, whose successor was Opsegun Obasanjo, fought on 29 Meith 1999, while Mike Akhigbe became in office pendant quelqu'un d'Afghanistan nigérial. Aveva succeeded Oladipo Diya.
Adam Koc, a t-armée polannach, Poland is an ethnic group of Kashubians., Mae Adam Koc ha l'orthographer polonais in Poland, mae Kadhubiens.
A Severed Wasp, is a member of the United States where Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Mae'r a Sumatra is l'Asam pedas in Malaysia, mae ta's ethnic group de Minukkabau people.
Aenir, preceded by Castle (novel) o Castle.
Mae'r footballer, Abner, a club de Football Club Coritiba Foot Ball Club, manager Luis Miguel Ramis.
The Antares rocket, which was launched on the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It has a maidenFlights on 09/01/19 2014.
Alfons Gorbach, a fought in Tyrol (state), was born in Austria. 
Buzz Aldrin a fought in Apollo 11 and was pilot fighter pilot.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore – 560090. L'Université Visvesvaraya Technological Institute a Belgaum is affiliated with B.M. Reddy. It has 700 postgraduate students and it was inaugurated in 2000.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played football for FC Kuban Krasnodar, who was born on 24th February 1989. He is a member of FC Dynamo Moscow.
The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006 and it has an orbital period 135589000.0, a mass de 9.8 km/s. Its apoapsis is 410792000.0 (kilometres).
Tom Lyle, created by Roger Stern, Blockbuster (comics Caracter) which has an alternative name to Roland Desmond. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Baku, where Hüseyin Bwyser and Hilmi Guner is a designer.
James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada, was born in Madison, Wisconsin, and died in Peritonitis., Jasper Craig (Watson) has an 101 Helena founded by the University of Michigan.
Aaron Hunt is a member of SV Werder Bremen II in Bundesliga, Viktor Stiyek.
Alan B Miller Hall, which was owned by College of William & Mary, is located in Williamsburg, Virginia., The Alan B Mill Hall operated by the College de William and Mary.
Massimo Drago e'n club Calcio Catania. Il manager degli A.C. Cesena, ma's S.S.D. Potenza
Ahmad Kadhim Assad e's club of Steel Azin F.C. and Al-Naft.
Alan Martin, a footballer in Accrington Stanley F.C. and Barry Ferguson is manager of Clyde FC.
John Madin, a governed by John Clancy (Labour politician) is l'armée de Birmingham. It has the postal code of 103 Colmore Row and b's postcode area.
Eric Flint e's author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis., E'r, Eric Flint, is l'autorisation for EricFlint.
Alvah Sabin, a defunted in Sycamore, Illinois, is part of Vermont's 3rd arrondissement di presidenza. Il y compris Burlington (Vermont), l'immense city d'Illinois, c'est f'invermont.
Alan Shepard, who was born on 18th October 1923, New Hampshire, is a member of Apollo 14 in California. He s'est sélectionné by NASA en 1959 per l'Apollo 14.
Auburn, Washington y compris part of Pierce County in Washington, Stáit Uniti. Il totale de 7741 square kilometres is 77,41 sq km.
Atfort Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Austin, Texas. It has the capital city of Austin and Texan.
L'Ariane 5 s'est an Airbus Defence and Space in Guiana Space Centre, a diametro de 5.4 metres. L' Ariane 5 was launched on 18th July 2005, f'Airteagal 5, madenhuttle on 11 August 2005. It is 5.4 m2.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis preceded by Grantville Gazette III and Eric Flint. It was authored by Virginia DeMarce agus Eric Flint. 
Julia Morgan, a member of the Asilomar Conference Grounds is l'architecte Julia Morgan. L'Inspecteur de Los Angeles Herald-Examiner, operates le hearst Castle in California.
Alex Tyus, who was born on 8th January 1988, is a member of Pallacanestro Cantù., Austin Tyu's football club play for Pallaconestro cantù.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, which has the coden code of APGPAC.
Lockheed C-130 Hercules, l'Aviation Force degli Stati Uniti is operated by Al Asad Airbase. L'Invasion of Grenada and Lockheed AC-130 in the United States air force, f'Incendio-Grange, fl'invasion des Grenades.
Adam Koc, who died in New York City, e'n Adam Koc.
L'Italie, l'A.S. Gubbio 1910, it is a Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy. L'Istituzione in Rome, c'est la capitale di Roma.
(66063) 1998 RO1 a epochta orbital period 360.29 days, it has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km. It is 265.0 (kelvins) in 2013-11-04, l'épidסיה orbitale 370.29 jours. 
Bhajji e'n Bhajji in India, where T. S Thakur and Narendra Modi is a leader.
Albert Jennings Fountain, a member of the New Mexico Territory, was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice-Président.
Bionico e'n bionico in Mexico, it is a dessert. Bionico comes from Mexico and its ingredient is sour cream. 
The A-Rosa Luna e's long of 125800.0 millimetres, it has a  Ship Ordered on April 22, 2004.
Atlantic City International Airport, a runway name 4/22, is 304.0 and it has an elevation above sea level of 23 km/h. L'arrivée de l'Autorité Portuaire New York and New Jersey, operated by the Port Authority of NewYork and new Jersey. Il raggiungimento d'un shuttle 5/22., L'Antare international Atlantic City (IATA) n'est pas 20 km
L'Asser Levy Public Baths was located in 23rd Street (Manhattan), 1904. It is a year of costruzione 1904.
L'aerfort régional degli Alpa County is 210 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 1533.0 and an elevation of 210 km/h.
Atlanta is part of Georgia (U.S.), where African Americans are an ethnic group in Atlanta., A Atlanta, a tír degli Stati Uniti, ha l'ethniezione ethnique des Afro-Americans.
Aleksandra Kovač e's genre of rock music, Aleksandra Kovac was active in 1990.
Mae Abdulsalami Abubakar, a successor d'Osegun Obasanjo, was in office while Mike Akhigbe is Vice-Président de Oladipo Diya.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, where Aigbeben Patel is the leader. Is a led by Atiyeben Padtel., Ahandiben patel are leaders of Ahmedabad and Amdnikov niGufa.
Auburn, Washington is part of Washington (state), y compris Olympia. It's capital is Olympia in Washington, Stáit Uniti.
Antonis Samaras, a member of Konstantinos Mitsotakis, was in office pendant quelqu'un d'Adonis Georgiadis. Simultan le Premier Ministre Antonis Samares, il Vice-Ministre Aleksandr mitsSpartakis.
Mae Baked Alaska in Hong Kong, c'est en France. Grâce le Gérard Larcher, l'armée degli Carrie Lam (politique), j'était gníomhach ta's feidhmchlár d'Hong Kong.
Mae batchoy is l'agglomération degli Ilocano peuples, a bhfuil an t-ilgophobal in Philippines. Is i gcomhlachas ethniques di Filippine English.
The AIDAluna, a longueur de 252000.0 millimetres, is connected to Caterpillar Inc. and it has 32.2 maeden voyage on 22nd March 2009.
Alvah Sabin s'engaged in the 3rd February1857., Aprav Sabin, whose active year was on 3nd March 1857.
Bew kway teow, i Singapore is a leader in Singapore e Halimah Yacob., Mae Kway Teow comes from Singapore and Indonesia's language is English.
Mae'r AIDAstella, l'operator dei Cruises, is 253260.0 millimetres in service. L'Administrateur ha gníomhachtaithe con n-seirbhís ed a bhfuil 124960.0 mm long., Meer Werft operates t-deilbh IDAstella u feidhmchlár per y seirbhis agus j'appartiene à Arian crocs.
Alex Tyus e'n football club Maccabi Ashdod B.C., ma'r coach fhevu Sherf.
Artur Rasizade e's Memorial Turkish Martyrs' which is located in Azerbaïdjan, a member of the leader de l'Azerbaidjan. It was dedicated to soldats Ottoman Army served in the Battle of Baku.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. Is a led by Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan.
Lum e's order of Rosids. 
Alfred N. Phillips, who was born in Connecticut, is a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 4th district, which was served as branch militaire de l'Armée des Stáit Aontaithe. He fought at Whiskey Rebellion.
Aleksandra Kovač, who was born in Socialist Republic of Serbia, is a solo singer. Aleksandra Kovac's genre pop music and its background is soliste., Emilita Kačאק (born in 1972), funky Pop music by Aleksina Kockov.
Audi A1 s'appartenant à Audi Brussels, a feitheamh de 1.2 litres. L'abbrication de 5 speed manual is an Audi A1.
Hypermarcas, which is a type of S.A. (corporation), was founded on 1st janvier 2001, in Brasil, marchandise de drugs. Il settore pharmaceutique f'appartenant à l'industrie farmaceutique; j'especchiature F.S. A.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Illinois. Il's capital is Washington D.C. in the U.S. A.L. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group degli Stati Uniti.
The 1955 Dodge, a motor de 5-speed automatique, has 120.0 pouces., L'Dodge in 1955 was manufactured by V8 engine and is operated by F8 Engine.
GMA New Media which is located in the GMA Network Center, Philippines. Felipe Gozon operates mobile applications. L'Agglomération de GGMA Numérique a bhfuil produzione d'approvisionnements mobiles.
Bionico e's course of dessert. It is a variation of glace cream and it has an variation of Ice cream. 
L'epoch date de 107 Camilla, f. Vilas, ed it has an orbital period of 2368.05 days, and its apoapsis is 560937000.0 km.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, which was related to the SEAT Ibiza.
Albany, Georgia e's part of Dougherty County in Georgia. Is a member of the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Alison O'Donnell, a genre de jazz is Jazz. Is l'instrument autoharp.
AMC Matador, manufactured by American Motors, has a fate of Eagle (automobile), is l'Agglomération., The AMCMatador was produced in America Motors and its destino is Eagle.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. It has the latin name of Universitas Apulensis and Andrew The Apostolle., And Andrew the apostole, it comes from Romania.
Alan Martin, a footballer f'Hamilton Academical F.C. He was born on 1st January 1989, and it has 185,42 cm de l'hauteur.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaïdjan, y compris sa governance de l'Assemblée Nazionale (Azerbaquie).
In Sri Lanka, l'Adirham Hall is a Tamil language. 
Poaceae, a division of Poales (New Zealand) is the 3rd runway surface type de poaceae. L'ordination it is Paales.
The AZAL Arena is located in Shuvalan. It has a ground of the ASELA PFK, where it was found. 
ACF Fiorentina is a football club in Serie A, Italy. 
Bananaman, which was diffused by BBC, London. Bananaman is a key person of Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead., Bananaman became radiodiffusé byBBC, Londra.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Clayton, Winnebago County in Wisconsin. It is l'aerfort Appleton International Airport which was located o Greenville (in Wisconsin).
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. Its motto is Recuperation Excellence.
Akeem Dent was born on 27th July 1987. 
AZAL PFK, Aleksandre Guruli s'est a club degli Olympique Lyonnais. Il is l'endroit d'Alligator pFK et j'y rassembler AZAL-PFK.
Mae'r Arem-arem, y compris in Indonesia, mae più spécifiquement en Java, is l'ingredient de riz compressed cuisined in banana leaf with legumes or minced meat fillings., Sae am-Arem f'appartenant d'Indonésie, mais moins specific to Java.
250 Delaware Avenue serves the United States, where Barack Obama is leader. 
L'Arctech Helsinki Shipyard Aleksey Chirikov, l'Arctique Helsinki Boatyard. L'Azerbaidjan is denamed dagli Finns.
The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government and it has 12 km above sea level., L'Aviation International Brussels, l'IATA n'est propriétaire de la République flaminge, ha 12.6 km/h.
The Antares rocket, which was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, is associated with Minotaur IV. It has a variation of Delta II in the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, which was located in Jinnah International airport., L'Administration civile IATA pakistanaise is a gníomhaireacht de l'Autorité civilie tal-armée.
Aaron Turner, a member of the band Lotus Eaters (Band Twilight), is l'artiste lotus eaters. He fought en 1995 in Massachusetts.
Aston Martin Virage, l'actionnaire degli Aston-Martin V8, f'appartenant à Al-M.RHAM/1, is a comhlachta d'Al-Maren Martin RHAM/1.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, in Indiana, United States., Adir Anderson, In Indiana (United States) is Partie de Anderson City, New Jersey, U.S.
L'aeroporto Ardmore (New Zealand) a runway name 03R/21L. Il y compris le 3rd length de l'Aviation Authority Civile of New Zealand, it has an elevation of 34.0 metres above sea level.
Walter Baade, who was born in Presistenzisch Oldendorf, e's Alma mater degli University of Göttingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed where Halton Arp is doctoral student.
Deram Records is located in London, London., The Deram Record is situated in Londra.
Ayam penyet is a member of Java where Banyumasan people are led by Halimah Yacob. Is l'agglomération de Singapore, y compris the language English.
Alfred Garth Jones, a bhí in Manchester, London. He died o Londra, United Kingdom. Is l'université de Manchester.
Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States., 
Frank G Jackson is a leader of Cleveland, in the U.S. A.K. United States., Fecal 200 Public Square which was located Ohio, St.-U.A.
Mae'r Acharya Institute of Technology, which is located in Bangalore, India, ta's north-est de TeKarnataka. Is l'universita' Visvesvaraya Technological University, Ta'ir Arai. L'université tal-Acharya n'appartient pas o teaddam al-Mid-Est d'Arai.
Abradab, originated in Katowice, Poland, is a member of the band Magik (rapper). Abradab f'appartenant i Kaliber 44.
 Silvio Berlusconi président A.C. Milan.
The ALCO RS-3 is a built by Montreal Locomotive Works, where four-stroke can be found. 
Andra's singer is a member of the pop music genre. Disco, f'un fusion genre in disco.
Aleksandra Kovač's background is solo singer.
GMA New Media is a media company. 
Audi A1 s'appartenant à Bruxelles, Belgio, a catégorie de Supermini. Il y compris 1.2 litres per l'attrezzatura feidhme in Opel A1.
Adam Maher e'n football team in the Netherlands national under-17 Football team., Am Humer, whose club is PSV Eindhoven, was a member of the Holland national Under-17 Soccer team.
The ISBN number of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 1-439-92550-9.
Andrew Rayel, a member of Jwaydan Moyine, is associated with Armin van Buuren. He performs House music and plays house music.
Batagor, o siomay in Indonesia, is l'ingredient de Shumai. Il y compris shiitake.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Illinois. It is in the U.S. A.L.
10 Hygiea e's orbital period of 5.57 days.,  10 Hygia ed it has a orbitel period de 5,57 jours.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Abraham Taboud Muhammad, became fought in Remi, Malaisie.
Tomo is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce in Lazio. 
3Arena, which was designed by HOK SVE, is located in Dublin, Dublin. It has a completion date of December 2008.
 Dublin is part of Leinster. 
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi. 
Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Joe Biden is leader. Is l'université de Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group of the U.S.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada, where English is the language., Am McQuaid comes from Canada whose language is English.
Albany, Oregon is a country in the United States., The Albany and Oregon comes from the U.S.
Abilene, Texas is part of Taylor County in Texas, United States. Is a l'aeroporto régional d'Adéne which seirbhís i Stáit Uniti.
Bacon Explosion is located in the Kansas City metropolitan area, United States. L'ingrédients de bacon explosion are sausages, y compris le Sausage.
The media type of higher the Veil is hardcover., 
Adonis Georgiadis, a Vice-Ministre for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping is l'administrator., The vice-ministre per logements Adonisgeorgiadis (il Deputy Minister for Développement, Technologiserves and Transportation).
L'Alhambra, a longueur de 63800.0 millimetres, was built by Samuda Brothers. L'Albambra is owned by P&O (entreprise), y compris Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes in Deptford.
Apollo 8 e'l operator of NASA., The Apollo 8 is operated by NASA.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is a member of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C in Brasil, Brazil. Il torneo  brasilien confederata B en 2015. Vila Nova Folfsburg Clube are champions.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, a full name is A. E Diandra Efwysoupolis.
The A-Rosa Luna, a longueur de 125800.0 millimetres, is 12250 km long. 
Albany, Oregon y's part of Oregon. It is in the United States where Washington D.C. is a capital. Albany and Oregon comes from Washington DC.
Abel Hernández e'n club degli U.S. Citta di Palermo in Serie A, is a member of Giuseppe Iachini. L'université città di Palerme f'en peñarol.
Macabi Tel Aviv B.C., j'ai coach Guan Taba.
Akeem Dent e'n football team Atlanta Houston Texans, which is a member of Bob McNair. He fought in Atlanta Falcons and became l'avversarial club Atlanta Dallas. 
Aaron Hunt e'n club de VfL Wolfsburg, Goslarer SC 08 and SV Werder Bremen., Alan Hunt is a member of FflL wolfsburg (vflWolfsburg).
Marv Wolfman created Auron (comics character) a comic character. 
Adam McQuaid a club is Boston Bruins, Ohio. Don Sweeney bhí ag an Columbus Blue Jackets in New York., Abraham McQuid's draft team is Logan bled to Cleveland Bluins agus c'e'n manager ginearálta Doug Sweeny.
Ajoblanco, l'allmonds, garlic, water, olive oil, is in Andalusia. Ajoblanco has a main ingredients of Bread, almonds-aggloy, granch, air, oliviolo., Maoblanco ha un ingredient de bread, alguns, talvins, gallc, hydria, ola, oliuoliolo.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County in Indiana, United States.
Ab Klink, who was born in Ísiltír, Erasmus University Rotterdam, is a member of Christian Democratic Appeal., AbraKlink became fought in Iodáil na hÍsiltíre (Erasmus Universitas Rotterdam) e'r apogée de l'Erasmus Université Rotterdam.
Abilene, Texas a total area of 286.5 square kilometres is 524.0. La densità population density ha 429.9 (inhabitants per sq km) ed it has an elevation above sea level 52,4.
Elliot See, a defunted in Dallas, St. Louis, is l'université Texas Austin at Austin. Il y e's nationality of the U.S. A.R.A.N.J.E.I.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II, which was launched by Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0., Antares (rocket) has a variation of delta II and its launch site in Mid Atlantic Regional Spaport Lanspad pad 0.
L'aerfort الإقليمي per l'Alpena County Regional Airport has a length of 1533.0.
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia, o Idir-Indonésia. Arem-arem comes from Indonesia. It's led by Joko Widodo and Jaco Kalla. 
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Washington D.C. are an ethnic group of Native Americans.
Airbus Defence and Space is a manufactured by Ariane 5., Agrane 5 was constructed by Airbus defense and space.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is a member of Vila Nova Ftiye Clube, Brazil. Tá Vica ag baint le campeonato Brasileiro Série C, Brasil. Aveva 17 000 membres, y compris il club Brésil.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was published by Eric Flint, is 512 pages. It has 512 pagines.
Lor Lars Løkke Rasmussen is a leader de l'Université Aarhus, i gcomhlachas académatique an School of Business and Social Sciences all'Aarhus. It was established in 1928.
Buzz Aldrin, a member of Apollo 11 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, was born on 20th January 1930. He s'occupyd from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport which is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority in Lahore, Pakistan. L'Antar Zaheer Jamali is a leader pakistani.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was authored by Eric Flint, is a hardcover., 1635: Il Ram rebellion originates from Hardcover.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez e'r manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan, a c.d. FAS. Il club is l'ASC.
Fiat Croma, l'Alfa Romeo 164 is related mean of transport. 
L'Icolo e Bengo is part of Luanda Province, Angola. It has 159 elevations above sea level in Metres.
AIP Advances a coden code AAIDBI, is l'eagarthóir A.T. Charlie Johnson, y abbreviated to AIP Adv.
In Uttar Pradesh, Awadh is part of Bundelkhand. It has 167.94 metres above sea level and operated by Agra Airport.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is associated with RCA Records and Ciro Pérez. Is l'arrondissement de Zamba (artform).
Airey Neave, a member of the World War II, was born in Knightsbridge, and fought on 30 Meitheamh 1953. He became active on 31 May 1979.
Elliot See, a defunted in St. Louis, is part of the Kingdom of France. Is l'université Texas at Austin, whose Alma mater is an University of Texas System. It was affilied to the Université Texas system.
Stuart Parker, a footballer degli A.F.C. Blackpool, f'appartenant à Drogheda United FC. Il club is Stockport County FC.
Mae'r AIDAstella, a longueur de 253260.0 millimetres, was built by Meyer Werft, and it has 32.2 km long. L'IDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere.
Arròs negre is a cuttlefish ingredient., Arròs néger's ingredient is Cuttle fish.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, which is abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. It has coden code (ATISET).
Bronze is a material of Atatürk Monument (Izmir) which has an bronze.
Peter Stoger is a manager of 1. FC Köln., Pietro Stogere is un manager for 1.FC Köln.
The AMC Matador, a type of station wagon, was assembled o Thames, New Zealand. It has an alternative name called VAD Classic and is operated by ACM V8 engine.
Aaron Hunt e'n club de VfL Wolfsburg, SV Werder Bremen II and Goslarer SC 8.
The Alhambra is a long beam of 8.3 m.
Airey Neave a fought in the Battle of France on 30th March 1979. He became actively member of Order of the British Empire.
Lum e'n sampla bandeja paisa, a bhfuil an ingredient de Lemon. Ilm y é un gnome de Cirus. 
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata. It has a city of Athens, which was serves by Athens.
Batagor, y compris siomay in Indonesia, is a peanut sauce. L'ingrédient de Batagor originated from Indonésie, but l'ingrediente de batagor (b'), mauvais sapore, it n'est pas loin d'Indonésie.
Julia Morgan, a New York Herald-Examiner Los Angeles, was born in San Francisco. Julia Morgan is l'architecte degli Asilomar Conference Grounds. L'Accademia Stáit Al-examenerLos Angeles (Saskatchewan).
Aaron Turner e'n band Sumac, a genre de black metal is Black metal. Is l'an artist of Twilight (band Sumaca).
GMA New Media, which is a media company in the World Wide Web. It has an industry of Entertainment and one of the types of media groups.
Arròs negre is a member of the Valencian Community, where Cuttlefish is an ingredient.
Amdavad ni Gufa, which is located in Gujarat, India. Is l'India where the leader is T.S. Thakur., L'Inghilterra a led by T-S.
Auburn, Alabama is a country in the United States. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Akeem Ayers, formerly played for the Los Angeles Rams. Mike Mularkey, is a member of the New York Memorial Coliseum., Mae Emy Amy Anay Ady Aws Al-Sal-L-Yl-Iol-Il-Oll-Al-El-Fil-Gal-Jel-Mar-Sil-sol-Val-Sal-Sol-Mal-Ali-La-Li
In Polonia, Poland is a member of the Romani people., The romani people are an ethnic group in Poland.
Andrew White, a member of the Kaiser Chiefs, is associated with Marry Banilow. Andrew White (musician) has l'album label Polydor Records and fought in 2003.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase, which was operated by the US Air force. L'Operating Enduring Freedom is a member of the U.S.
Alan Bean e'n commandant Apollo 12 is David Scott. Alan Bean, a crew member of NASA, operated Apollo 12. L'Apollo 12 was backup pilot Alfred Worden., Alen Bean f'espèces Apollo 12, l'Administrateur Apple 12 (David Scott).
John Anderson, Indiana is part of Indiana, where Washington D.C. is led by the Democratic Party (U.S.), a governed by John St. A.D.A. and y's capital was Indianapolis.
Aleksandr Chumakov, who played for FC Torpedo Moscow, is a member of Valery Petrakov. Il football club Soviet Union national football team, Valentina Matvyenko, f'appartenant u president de Russie.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in the United States, is a spouse of Abraham A.
Andrew Rayel e'r a member of Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano. Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose and Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin et Alexandra Badoi., Abraham Tyrel is l'ordonnay musical Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Marc Sixta, Joseph Adamson, Aleksandr 
Abdul Taib Mahmud, whose region is Kota SamSpartak.
Anaheim, California a governed by Tom Tait. Anaheim is part of the U.S. Capitol in California, y compris la lingua spagnola.
17R/35L, l'Aviation Regional Abilene is a runway name 17R 35L. Il y renforced it o i n-arrivée totale de 194.0 km/h. L'IATA identifiera il icao Lieutenant KABI (KABI).
Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil and is a main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce. 
Akeem Dent, a member of Atlanta Falcons, was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th July 1987., Atlanta Falcon's birth date is 27rd October 1987.
Arròs negre is a member of the Valencian Community in Spain. Is l' ingredient de Cuttlefish.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr., who was born on September 9th 1995, a member of Florida Panthers., The football club Aleksandrer barkov Junior is Floridians.
Buzz Aldrin a bhaint as feidhmchlár pilote, l'arrivée degli eserciti., A brought to the fighter pilot Buzz Aldin s'est retiré.
GMA New Media, which is located in Quezon City, Philippines. L'industria dei mass media, c'est quezon city.
L'Albuquerque, New Mexico, a density population of 1142.3 inhabitants per sq km. It has l'area code 505, 575, and it has 486.2 square kilometres. L'Albacuerque (New Mexico) ha un total area of 4909 square0000.
Appleton International Airport serves Appleton, Wisconsin. It is located in Greenville (Wellington) a part of Little Chute and Ellington.
The dessert is a variation of Cake. 
Amarillo, Texas is a part of Potter County, Tex., The Amarillo in Texas originates from Potter counties.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association., L'Accademia d'affari agus social Sciences, which has a headquarters in Brussels.
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia, massima specifica per Java. Il-Arem-arem s'est développé en Indonésie, mais il-y compris Java.
Dan Mishkin, e'r l'Ernie Colon is a Puerto-Ricans. Ernie Colony comes from Saskatchewan and Larry Bolatinsky.
Akeem Ayers, a former team of St. Louis Rams, was drafted on 2 and it has 39 feidhmes. 
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore – 560090. L'Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. It was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students., L'académie de Technologie (università Belga) operated in 2000. J'Istituto Tecnico Tוסמ tal-Industeli, Asarbady Dr
Arròs negre is in Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader of Spain. Is a monnaie d'Euro, mar shampla Euro. Arròs négen is en Spáinn.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l., A.C. chievo Verona n'e's play in 2014-15 Serie A and it has 39371 membres.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It's north is Cumberland County (Maryland), Gettysburg, Pennsylvanie.
Hypermarcas y compris drugs, is located in São Paulo, Brésil. Il Presidente de la Corte Suprema Federale c'est il governo brasilien.
Bhangnburg, o Hongrie, is in Ungheria.
200 Public Square which has 45 floors in Cleveland.,  200 Public square is located in Chicago, Illinois, a total area of 45.
The LCCN number is 57059226., LCCN numéro 5759226], it has 56059226/.
L'Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, Stáit Uniti, where Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan.
Beef kway teow, which is from Singapore and Indonesia. It's main ingredients are Kway Teow (Kway Teeow), beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shrued, sected black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, Lengkuas, oder oyster salsa, soja, chili agus sesame oil. 
L'11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and it has Cumberland County (Maryland), a catégorie of contributing property.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Marriott International and has 23 floors.
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa., South Africa's capital is Cape Town.
L'Italie n'est pas commençant dagli Italians. 
Adam Koc a bhaint as Cross of Valour (Polainn).
Il-duPage County, Illinois, l-Istati Uniti is a leader in Chicago. Susana Mendoza was the leader of Chicago depuis 300 North LaSalle. 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, which is located in Greece, it is led by Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis. It is the language of Greek.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Sarawak, is a member of the Borneo British borneo. Adenan Satem fought in sarawak and it was succeeded by Adjan Satm.
Trane, which was founded on 1st December 1913, was fonded by La Crosse in Wisconsin.,  Trane (fondated on 01st January 1913) was fondat by LA Crosses, Wisconsin.
L'Italie e's leader is Laura Boldrini and Pietro Grasso. L'Italia, a chiffre d'italiens, c'est degli amatriciana sauce in Rome. Is l'Istituzione italienna come il capital Roma.
Mae Barny Cakes, a varietà de chocolat. 
Mae'r AIDAstella, l'operator dei Costa Crociere, is 253260.0 millimetres. L'automatisateur c'est IATA Cruises and it has a longueur de 25825 km/h. Meyer Werft was owned by Costa crociere. 
(66391) 1999 KW4 a rotation period is 9953.28.
The Atlantic City International Airport, which has a runway name 4/22, is 1873.0 and operated by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. It has an elevation above sea level of 23.3 km/h. Il IATA identifier l'icaoالموقع (KACY).
The Ariane 5 a launch site is ELA-3 o l'ESA-3].
L/32R, Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport which is located in Madrid. It has a length of 40.0 km/h, l'arrivée d'Adolfo SuarezMadrid–Barrajas Aviation where the runway name is 14L 32R.
A Long Long Way, followed by The Secret Scripture., The English language is written in Great Britain and it followd by the SecretScripture.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre.,  Ann'Arbor ( Michigan) has an population Density total of 1590.7 people per sq km.
Duncan Rouleau, a's nationality of Americans, was created by Baymax. Il film is Big Hero 6 (film) and starred by Jamie Chung.
 Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Il'université Cornelle was affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities; it has an t-Université Cornelli (Ithica) Nuja.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II, which was launched by Vandenberg Air Force Base. It has a mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, where Minotaur IV originates from the United States.
Ícolo e Bengo is in Angola, l'Angola International Airport. It is located in Ícolo-E Bengolo, il y compris an aerfort internazional degli Aontuithe Idirnáfricani.
Bananaman, a's first aired on 3rd octobre 1983, was radiodiffused by STV., Mae Bananaman is starred by Bill Oddie and fought on 10th October 1983.
A.F.C. Fylde is a bryning Lane and has 3180 members.
Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States. Washington D.C.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka. Its bed count is 476 litres.
Auburn, Washington y compris part of Pierce County in Washington, Stáit Aontaithe. It is propriétaire de Washington D.C.
L'aeroporto Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas is located in Alcobendas. It has 3500.0 runway length.
 Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York, it has an publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly. L'Université Cornelle was affiliated with l'Association of American Universities.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaïdjan, a led by Artur Rasizade. It was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi lors de la Bataille d'Azerbaidjan.
Aenir, a garth Nix, is l'auteur de Garth nix. It has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0., 
HOK SVE is l'architecte of 3Arena, which was located o North Wall, Dublin., 3Arena s'installed a HOK SSVE in Dublin.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois., Catagóir Inc.
Maruusi is a member of the Olympic Stadium (Athens) in Marousi.
 Hook'em (mascot) is a mascott of University of Texas at Austin. 
The AIDAluna, which is located in Rostock, California, was owned by IATA Cruises. It has a power type of Caterpillar Inc.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., L'Albatros Versu the Illucinatorians originates from the U.S. A.R.A.
Alfons Gorbach, a married in Imst, is l'austrian leader Doris Bures. He died in Ist.
Adam Koc a fought in the Poland-Soviet War and became an order of Polonia Restituta. Adam Koc ha feidhmiú per la Cross of Valour (Polainn).
Aenir is the Australians who are an higher Veil, which was preceded by Aenur. 
Bionico e'n ingredient in Granola, it is a dessert. Bionico comes from granola and it has an variation of Cake. 
Binignit s'y compris le Visayas, c'est degli ingredienti ta' Binignit. L'ingredient in binignit is sweet potato. Il gcomédien f'Infinit en Thaïves, b'Illinois, il l'engraid tá banana.
L'Ariane 5 l'Agenzia spatiale europea, a diametro de 5.4 metres, operated by Ariane 5 on 2nd March 2004. L'arène 5 was manufactured by the European Space Agency. It has 5.4 metri long and it is final vehicle on 27th September 2003.
Bionico e's ingredient in Bionico, a granola, Shreddar Coconut, Raisins. Is l'ingrédient bionico originaire de Guadalajara, Mexico. L'ingrediente is Chopped Fruits, Sour cream, Condensed Milk, Granolo, Sriddar coconut and Rasins.
Alexandria, Indiana is part of Madison County in Indiana, United States. It is the largest city of Anderson and Anderson.
Baked Alaska is a dessert., Saskatchewan, l'Alaska comes from the course of dessert.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon where the largest city is Portland.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in EPSTH 2nd GROUP and has 1500 membres., Il'A. E dimitra Erpachenpolis is a member of 1500 members.
A.D. Isidro Metapan, a full name is Associationación Deportiva., The A. D.Isidro metapán (y compris the official name of Associationña Desarrolla).
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Sarawak, is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati sarawak., Abraham Taïb Mahmoud, became part of Binjamin Ra`ayat jatiSarawak.
F. Vilas scoperta 107 Camilla.
The ALCO RS-3 is 17068.8 millimetres long and has 12 cylindres, a length of 12 km. It was built by Montreal Locomotive Works in Montreal. Il diametro totale de 12.
Abilene, Texas y is part of Texas, in the U.S. Washington D.C. and its capital is Washington DC.
Alolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, part of the community of Madrid., L'Aerfort Adolfo SuarezMadrid–Barrajas aeroport is situated in Alcabendaes, Partie de la Comunità di Madrid.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a country in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group., In Gran Bretagna, I'ltalia c'est degli Stati Uniti membres ethniques.
L'indirizzo AIDS (journal) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. It is in the United Kingdom where David Cameron is leader.
Cleveland, Cleveland is part of Cuyahoga County in Ohio. It governed by the Council citta'r New York City Council.
Akeem Dent e'n Atlanta Falcons, o Houston Texans, is owned by Arthur Blank. It was a member of Atlanta Falcans in Atlanta.
Asam pedas s'occupy of Malaysia in Malaysia, is a member of the Malaysian Chinese. Is l'idéal d'Arifijan Zakaria, an t-imbion de la Malaisie.
The AIDAstella is in service on 17 March 2013., 
Joseph Klaus, who graduated from the University of Vienna.,  Josef Klaus's alma mater is l'Université di Vienna.
Mae AmeriGas, l'industrie degli énergies, is in the U.S. A.K.
L'Alhambra, a longueur de 63800.0 millimetres, has an elevation of 8,3 m. L'Albam was wrecked.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It's west of Franklin County (Maryland) where they are contributing property.
Aaron S. Daggett, who was born in Maine, became a member of the Battle of Wilderness and died in West Roxbury. He won dei Purple Heart.
The A-Rosa Luna, which was christened on April 4th 2005, has a length of 125800.0 millimetres.
Port Fortin is in Trinidad.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County in Indiana, where Americans are an ethnic group. Is a member of the U.S. A.N.A.I.
The Delta II is launched by Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana., Indian's capital is Indianapolis.
20 Fenchurch Street, which was buildinged on janvier 2009, is located on Jan 2009.
Adam Koc a fought in the World War I and was won Virtuti Militari.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is a member of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and Vila Nova Floating Clube., Mae'r Agremiacao Simultani Awrapiraquentse plays in campeonato brasilio SpérieC, it was champions de Vilanova FSpartake.
Alan Shepard, a New Hampshire, was born on 18 May 1923. He died in California, NYC, M.A. 1957. It has an status of defunt.
Ayam penyet e'n is a food found in Java, Malaysia and Singapore. L'ingredient dei Ayamdnikov ed l'engrediente di pollo fritt o squeezed or stroked beef served with sambal.
 Asuncion e'n part of Gran Asunción., Asuncion is parti de gran Asunció.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled by Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom. It has 5.3 litres and a related means of transport to the Adman Martin RHAM/1.
(66063) 1998 RO1, which has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km/km. Its minimum temperature is -71.0 (degree Celsius), a maximum temperature de 500.0 (kelvins) agus f'apopsis totale $2505970,60815 kilograms.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad e's club of Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C., whose manager is Adnan Hamad, a football team in Iraq.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County in Indiana, where Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes.
Adam Holloway, who was born in Kent, Kent. He is a member of the Conservative Party (UK) and his Alma mater is Magdaleen College Cambridge.
Alvah Sabin, who was a member of Whig Party in Vermont, Illinois, led by Henry Clay. He died in Sycamore (Illinois).
The Al-Taqaddum Air Base which has an elevation above sea level 84.0.
A-Rosa Luna, a costruttore de Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germania. It is l'Allemagne where the leader was Stanislaw Tillich., Paulo Luna comes d'origine germania.
Andrew Rayel e's genre of Trance music, whose artist is Christian Burns. He fought en 2009 in 2009.
Aaron Bertram, a band member of the Suburban Legends by Brian Robertson (trombonist), is associated with Ska punk and Kids Imagine Nation.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is manager of Christian Panucci, who plays for the Italy national football team.
John Madin, a governing body of Birmingham City Council and Andrew Mitchell, was born in Birmingham. He is l'architecte de 103 Colmore Row whose headquarters are the B postcode area.
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. Its runway length is 3048.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, which has a runway name 14R/32L., 
 Austin, Texas is a leader in the City Manager., The city Manager of Austin comes from the United States.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University, affiliation with Association of Public and Land-grant Universities.
Andra, a genre pop music, f'est commençant fl'anni 2000.
Atlanta, Indiana is part of Madison County in Indiana, Illinois. Il's capital de l'Inde, Stáit Aontaithe. L'Alexandria (Illinois) is più grande city d'Anderson.
Alberto Teisaire, a governed by Diego Santilli, died o Buenos Aires.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in the United States, where one of its ethnic groups are an Native Americans.
(410777) 2009 FD, which has orbital period of 39447000.0. It has periapsis 88234300.0 and was discovered by Spacewatch. 
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba, Manikota., Alymp Plante's birth place is Alex Planté.
Avl X-1 originated from the United States, where White Americans are one of the ethnic groups. It has an ALV X-1.
The Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located in Auckland.
Austrian German is the language of Austria., Au tedesco all'austrian german is one of the languages in Austria.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds are added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 March 1987. It is located in Pacific Grove, California. 
Alan B Miller Hall, a Mason School of Business is located in Virginia, negli Stati Uniti. L'architecte Robert A. M Stern, was RobertA.M.
Sidney Dilts is the Chief of the South Jersey Transportation Authority., Stènes Diltts are the leaders of The SouthJersey Transportation Agencies.
The AIDAluna is located in the United States, where Douglas R. Oberhelman is key person. It has a power type of Caterpillar Inc.
Alan Bean, who was born in Wheeler, Texas, is a member of NASA. He operates Apollo 12 l'Apoul 12. L'armée degli Stati Uniti, s'occupe d'un test pilot.
Abilene, Texas a currency in Texas is part of Texas, where Austin is the capital city. It's più important city is Houston. L'université de Texas has Austin and Austin comes from the United States.
Arròs negre is a member of the Catalonia region, in Spain. Is l'ingredient dei Cephalopod ink o roccia, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod enk, cubanelle Peppers.
The A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States., Swou Press, Stáit Uniti, foils U.S.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages. Its ISBN number is 1-439-92550-9.
Ayam penyet is a member of Java where Baduy are an ethnic group in Singapore., The Ayamblancot comes from Java, Singapour, Indonesia.
Acharya Institute of Technology, which was established in 2000, operated by Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Abilene, Texas is part of Texas, where Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Sandesh (confectionery) is a dessert. Bionico comes from Mexico where Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of Mexico, y compris Sablanco.
Hypermarcas, which is located in São Paulo, produce drugs.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, where Don Tripp is the leader of Albuquerques, N.S. U.K.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay where Tabaré Vázquez is the leader. 
A Wizard of Mars is a creator of Diane Duane and has an ISBN number 31775313].
Hypermarcas a subsidiary is Mantecorp and was founded on 1st December 2001 in São Paulo. 
Ajoblanco, a main ingredients are Bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil.
L'Angola International Airport serves Luanda, u it is 159 km/h. Icolo e Bengo, in Angola, il y compris an aerfort בינלאומי i l'Icolo-Engo (in luanda).
Akeem Ayers, a member of the Tennessee Titans, was former team in St. Louis Rams and is l'ancien team at St-Louis Rams.
Georgia (U.S.) is a country in the United States.
Aerfort Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Austin, Texas.
Duncan Rouleau, a fought in Scott Adsit. Baymax was created by Steven T Seagle (film Big Hero 6).
Airey Neave a service was inaugurated in 1935. 
Anders Osborne, a member of Shanachie Records, has an label record label.
The batchoy is a Vegetable ingredient., 
Angola, Indiana e's part of Steuben County in Indiana, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The AMC Matador, a type of station wagon, was assembled o Thames, New Zealand. It has an alternative name to the American MotorsMatador. Il système de location is l'AMC V8 moteur.
Arrabbiata sauce originates from Italy, where the capital city is Rome. 
The United States Air Force aerei, which was operated by Al Asad airbase and Lockheed AC-130, is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III. L'armée General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon, f'esplosion of Panama., L'Aviation Force degli Stati Uniti l'esercito d'enfance et fl'espórtáil al-Asad.
Ajoblanco, a currency is Euro, in Spain. Ajoblanco originates dall'Espagne degli abitanti felipe VI di Spáinn. L'euro is l'Euro.
Pietro Canonica is a designer of Atatürk Monument (Izmir) which was made by Pietro canonica. 
William Anders, who was born on 17 October 1933, is a member of Apollo 8.
Il ALV X-1 is originated from the United States, where Washington D.C. are an ethnic group of White Americans. L'hymne was The Star Spangled Banner.
Lancia Spartak, Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Fiat Croma. It was assembled in Arese and arese.
Aaron Turner, whose genre is Drone music, was associated with Twilight band and Greymachine. He performs drone music.
Asam pedas, which is from Sumatra and Tamil Peninsula, Malaysia, it has its main ingredients in fish cuisined in sour and hot sauce., The Asam Pedas originates from Sumatra and Malaisie.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was preceded by 1634; The Baltic War, David Weber. It is followed by Ring of Fire II and it has the language English.
L'American Journal of Mathematics is an abbreviated to Am J. Math. It has an first publication in 1878 and its n number is 1080-6377.
The Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka., L'Ampara hôpital is situated a district of Lampara.
Stuart Parker, a footballer f'or Bury F.C., plays for bury FC.
In 1927, Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka. It has architectural style of Tudor Revival architecture and was acheved by 1931.
Allen Forrest, who was born in Fort Campbell, KY, a fought in Dothan, AL. Allen forrest's background is solo singer. 
1634: The Bavarian Crisis preceded by The Grantville Gazettes., 1632: La crise bavarienne is preceded by the Grantוויל Gazette.
Massimo Drago e's club in S.S. Chieti Calcio.
Richard A. Teague, l'employeur degli General Motors, is a designer of AMC Matador., Rappeler Richard A Taague (général Motors).
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaïdjan., Azerbaidjan is the monument of Baku Turchia Turku Martyrds.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, which has a runway name 14L/32R, is located in Madrid. Il y ha 69.0 metres above sea level and operated by ENAIRE.
The AIDAluna is actively operated on 22nd March 2009.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is located in the United States. It has a ethnic group of Native Americans and Barack Obama.
The 4th runway surface of Andrews County Airport, which has 973.0 metres above sea level, is asfalted., L'Aviation Aviation Atlanta-Andrews can be found in 97.3 meters above sae level.
Elliot See, who was born on 23 July 1927, Dallas, St. Louis, is a member of the University of Texas at Austin in Austin. He died on 28 February 1966, and fought as test pilot.
Abilene, Texas a part of Jones County in Texas. It is situated in Austin, Stáit Uniti. L'aeroporto régional Abilenne s'est servitu depuis 2194.0 km.
The runway length of Athens International Airport is 3800.0., L'aerroport international Athens operated by Athens, it has a longueur de 3900.0.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio e's leader is Federal Chancellor of Switzerland. L'académie degli Affari tettura da Didriferio ha 600 studenti, l'istituto federal chancellor in Svizzera (il 1996).
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a breitheamh in New York City, United States, whose nationality is American.
The Memorial of Baku Turkish Martyrs' Medal was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in feidhme sa Bhrasat Azerbaïdjan, where Huseyin Btiyeur agus Hilmi Guner., Azerbaidjan is a led by Ard-Stiúrth ar Fhrabús Turku Turru turru turku martyrs are made from granite and white marble.
Li County, Alabama is l'Alabama.
L'Arctech Helsinki Shipyard Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland. It is 99.83 long and it has a luas of 21.2 km.
11/29 is a runway name of Andrews County Airport., The 11/29 it's IATA name is the 911.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, London. It is led by the European Parlaimint.
Alan Shepard, who was a member of the senate Dianne Feinstein, died in California il 21th July 1998., An shérif Alan Hepard fought in Californie le 21st January 1998, j'était defunte en California al 22rd حزيران/يونيه 1998.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont. He a member of Whig Party (United States), Daniel Webster.
The United States Air Force aerei Al Asad airbase is operated by Lockheed AC-130, l'armée General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon, fought in 1986 bombardement of Libya. 
Cármen Lúca is a leader of Brazil. 
Anders Osborne, a member of Rabadash Records, can be found in Rhythm and blues genre., Adirosborne's artist is Rabraz Records.
Poaceae, a class of Monocotyledon, it has an order of Commelinids and the twond runway surface type of Poaceae., Mae's poaceae (Adir-New Zealand) is l'ordine de Commelidies et j'y compris le monocotiledon. L'ordinaire degli Aerfort Ardmore (Nouvelle-Zélande) f'ordre dei Commelynids. , Po
The Acura TLX which is manufactured by Honda J., L'Acura TCLX, a ferramentat de HondaJ.
Arrrabbiata sauce in Rome, Italy is an ingredient of chili peper.
Mae'r Baked Alaska in New York, France. L'ingrédient is Meringue.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County, Georgia, u Stáit Aontaithe., Antar Atlanta (part of Delaware County) in Georgia.
Stuart Parker, a footballer in Sparta Rotterdam, is manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, whose club is Spartra Rotterdam. 
Ayam penyet is a member of Java where Banyumasan people are leaders, Halimah Yacob. L'indirizzo communautaire de Singapour is standard Chinese.
Aleksandre Guruli s'est a member of FC Karpaty Lviv. Il club is Olympique Lyonnais, l'arrivée de Jean-Michel Aulas; j'était gcomhaltata d'Olympique Lionnais., J'esercita D'Ispani J'Albany n'appartenant à FC Valaty Laviv u renforcer le football f'Emilique Liviv
Audi A1 s'appartenant à Audi Brussels, a feithicil de 1.2 litres. Il macchinamento d'Audi Bruxelles is 1,2 litri.
William Anders, a member of Apollo 8, was born on 17 October 1933 in Hong Kong. AFIT, M.S. 1962.
3Arena a became inaugurated on December 2008 and is located in Dublin, Dublin. It was designed by Populous ( company).
Aleksandra Kovač s'engaged in Rhythm and blues, Kornelije Kovac. It is a musician Aleksandra kovač whose genre is funky and Blues.
Greenville, Wisconsin y is part of Clayton, Winnebago County in Wisconsin. Greenville (Wenniebago), Wisconsin comes from the United States. Appleton International Airport can be found within Menasha and it has a governed by appleton.
Bill Oddie starred Bananaman.
Ace Wilder was born on 23 July 1982.
(66063) 1998 RO1, which has an orbital period of 360.29 days, had an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km. Its epoch date was on 4th July 2013. It is a escape velocity of 0.0999 km/s per sec. It's époch it on 3rd October 2013, and feidhmed by 1999 SN5. He formerly known as the SNO5 (1999) agus
Arem-arem e's ingredient in banana leaf.
Stuart Parker, a footballer in Runcorn F.C. Halton, is manager of A.F. C. Blackpool, who plays for Drogheda United FC.
Abel Hernández e's club in Uruguay national football team.
 Vica is a manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense., Vica's manager, Agreviação Simplified ARApiraquiase.
The LCCN number of Abblanco aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg, Hamburg contains 32024459].
Gabriela Michetti is a leader of Argentina. 
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House, which was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988 in U.S. Route 83.
Alexandria, Indiana a total area of 6,81 square kilometres. La densità population density is 755.3 inhabitants per sq km., Alexia's surface area totale is 6.81 quadraטימטרים.
The Agra Airport is located in Agra., Agra Airport has a property of Agra.
In 2014, AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 membres. Il y a feidhmchlár depuis 5 km/h en 2014.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, which was established in 1928, has 737 academic staff. It is operated by 737 student., L'Accademia de Business et Social Science at an Alarhus Université ha 600 studenti.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has an area total of 74.33 square kilometres. Its population density is 1580.7 (inhabitants per sq km).
Antioch, California e's part of Contra Costa County, San Francisco Bay Area. In California, Antioch is parti de Contra Castro County in California.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians, followed by Alcatraz Versu the Scrivener's Bones., Letraz versus le evil Librarian, it followd by Albutel Verus The Scrivaner and Breen.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., a football club A.S. Roma is champions in Serie A, Juventus F.C. e f'appartenant à Stadio Olimpico.
The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact factor in 1.37.
Buzz Aldrin a fought in Apollo 11 and is operated by NASA.
 110 Lydia, a epoch date 31 December 2006, has an rotation period of 60362.9.
The epoch of 1099 Figneria, a periapsis de 349206000000.0, has 2.7 kgm in feidhme il 31 Nollaig 2006. It has an orbital period 179942000.0 and it has 2,7 kilogramm.
John Roberts is the leader of the United States where Bacon Explosion was operated by John Roberts.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Baku, Artur Rasizade and Hilmi Güler. It is a member of Azerbaïdjan o Turk tiyerini Aniti.
(66391) 1999 KW4, a density of 2.0 gram perCubic Centimetres, it has an epoch date of 14th July 2004, and its orbital period is 16244700.0. It had an apoapsis of 162164091.olfsburg (kilometres).
K-W United FC is champions of the Premier Development League. 
Al-Zawara'a SC, Alaa Abdul-Zahra e'n club degli Al-Zewara'A SC., Il-zémana' A SC is a member of the Alzawla’a Sc.
The Antares rocket is a final season on 28th December 2014.
Aaron Turner e's genre of Avant-garde metal.
New Jersey, where Trenton, New Jersey is the capital., The capital city of new Jersey (Terton).
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinîu, Moldova.
Il governo Flemish is a leader of the region flammish., L 'Région ffolkensis is le leader du gouvernement flomish.
Bananaman e's radiodiffused by BBC. Bananaman starred by Graeme Garden. 
John Roberts, l'Associazione African Americans is a member of the United States where Bacon Explosion originates., Jen Roberts and John Roberts are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Agusín Barboza, who was born in Asuncion, Paraguay, date 5th mai 1913., And Agustin Barbozza, birthed on April 5, 1913, is part of Asunción.
In India, Bhajji is a member of T. S Thakur. L'India e'n deonym to the Indian people.
Adonis Georgiadis, who was a member of the Minister of Economia, Development and Tourism (Grecia), operated by Makis Voridis.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was born in All India Council for Technical Education. It was officially designed by Blue, White and Orange.
William Anders, a member of Apollo 8 is Frank Borman. He fought in the Apollo 8. Buzz Aldrin. William Anders's mission was born on September 1st 1969 and he became coordonnateur degli Apollo8.
Allen Forrest's genre is pop music.
Java is a member ethnique of Baduy.
Aleksandra Kovač's genre is rock music.
Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Barack Obama and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups. L'université de Washington D.C.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, Artur Rasizade and Hilmi Güler. Is a leader de l'Azerbaïdjan agus became designer Hüseyin Btiyeur ehilmi Guner.
Alberto Teisaire, a nationalita' Argentina, is l'Argentine.
Abel Hernández e'n club degli U.S. Citta di Palermo, o Peñarol.
Andrew Rayel, Jonathan Mendelsohn, is a member of the band Mark Sixma., Andy's associated with Andrew Rayell, who was along with Mark sixma, and he went to performing by Mark Septma.
Austin, Texas is part of Texas, where the United States is one of the types of Austin., Mae Austin in Texas (in Texas) is parti de Texas.
A Severed Wasp is a country in the United States, where Barack Obama is leader. Is l'ethnic group of African Americans.
The apoapsis of 1099 Figneria is 603618000.0 km. It has a متوسط speed of 16.37 km per seconds. 
Asa Gigante, Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is a champion in Vila Nova Ftiye Clube., Sagremiacao Simultani Awrapiraquentse fought in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, Brasil, Brésil, became champions de campionat Brasilia A'Squadra FC.
Appleton International Airport serves Appleton, Wisconsin, part of Grand Chute., Auroport international appleton is operated by Appletone in Wisconsin.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, whose alma mater is Université d'Adelaide.,  Abdul Tab Mahmad, was Alma mater of University of Adelaide.
Stanislaw Tillich is a leader in Germany. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is 737 academic staff.
Tarrant County, Texas, which is from the United States.
Abner footballer is a member of C.D. FAS.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is a coden code of ASCQAG. It has an abbreviation to Admin. Sci. Q. and the coded code for ASAQAG.
The AIDAstella, whose christening date was on 16 March 2013, has a longueur de 253260.0 millimetres., L'Aidastella comes from the 16nd March 2013. It has an length of 25360.0millimetres.
Mae's sauce Amatriciana, it is l'Istituzione de Lazio in Italy. Is a base of ingredientes ar an ganciale, guanciales, cheese, olive oil.
John Buscema a won Eagle Award (comics).
The amount of 1036 Ganymed is 16.86 km per second., L'usmhéid totale de 108,6 km/s, massima velocita' di 168.6 km3/s.
Robert Gates e'n College of William & Mary is a member of Alan B. Miller Hall in Virginia, Virginie. Is l'université de William and Mary whose chancellor was Robert Gated.
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, California, died on 21th July 1998, is a member of the American Defense Service Medal.svg.
Alan Martin played for Crewe Alexandra F.C.
 Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Danmhairg., Lorj, Lars Laøkke Rasussen comes leaders in Danimarca.
The La Crosse, Wisconsin is a total area of 58.38].
Duncan Rouleau, Steven T. Seagle is a member of Baymax's first apparition in film Big Hero 6 (film).
Avocado, which is a member of Persea, has an Avocado genre. 
Abilene, Texas a città degli Stati Uniti. Il rectangle is 1121.0 and it has an runway length of 112,1.0.
At AZ Alkmaar has 17023.
The ISBN number of Addiction (journal) is 6036719.
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire on 18th 1923, and died in California. It has an awards of Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) which is a member of the Department of Commerce Gold Médecine., An battaglione Hepard became Illinois on 16 November 1923 et defeadh California on 1st May 1923.
Mauricio Macri, l'Ara Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) in Argentina. L'Argentine is a bénéficier de la capitale Buenos Aires.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where English is the language. 
A Severed Wasp, is a country in the United States where Barack Obama is leader. Is l'ethnic group of Native Americans are an ethnic group degli Stati Uniti.
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 membres.
3Arena located in East Link Bridge., The 3Arena is operated by EastLink Bridge.
John Cowper Powys, who was notable to work for Wolf Solent.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was originated by Türk Spartak Aniti. It is made from granite rouge and white marble., 
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Township, Madison County in Indiana, U.S. In the United States.
L'11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Asian South Africans are one of the ethnic groups. L'Afrique australe is le capital Cape Town. Is l'agglomération degli Anti-Afraices White Southafrica.
Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, where Antonis Samaras is a member of Konstantinos Mitsotakis. Its successor is Makis Voridis., Maïs Valeras (born in Atene), Aleksy Visasis and Aleksandros Venizelos are an Deputy of Apollos Veridis.
Al Anderson, a band NRBQ, genre rock music, is originated from country music.
Alex Plante, who was born in Canada, is a member of the ethnic group of Black Canadians. Is l'anonymat d'Amérique, where Elizabeth II is leader.
 110 Lydia epoch is 31 December 2006.
Akron, Ohio, is part of Summit County, O.C. in the U.S. L.R.L.I., c'est l'États-Unis d'un seasamh ethnique degli Native Americans.
Jerry Ordway, a nationality of Americans, was created by Bibbo Bibbowski.
A.S. Roma, which plays in Serie A, is Rome, Italy.
Akeem Adams, a member of the United Petrotrin F.C. in Palo Seco, became manager Thomas Doll. He played for Ferencvarosi TC and Gábor Kubatov.
Elliot See, who was born in Dallas on 28th February 1966, is a member of the University of Texas at Austin. He defunted and died in St Louis., Austin See's Alma mater f'Université Texas At Austin, l'université Texas A Austin.
The Antares rocket, which was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, is a launch site of Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It has 3.9 metres and its final fly on September 18, 2013.
Albert B. White, who died o Parkersburg, West Virginia, was succeeded by William M. O Dawson., William M J.O.Dawson, became born Albert B.
Auburn, Alabama is part of l'Alabama., Mae Auburn in Alaska (part of L-Alabama).
Lancia Spartak 164 is related to the Alfa Romeo 164.
Anders Osborne, a member of the band is Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. Er's genre de Rhythm and blues musician Anders Osbourne, who was active in 1989.
Allen Forrest's genre is pop music and a solo singer.
Adirham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. It is the capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and it is Tamil language.
Bhajji contains gram flour, vegetables. L'ingredient dei bhajji is an fhadhb in Karnataka agus l'ingrédient communautaire per Bhajji.
Roy D. Chapin Jr., AMC Matador was manufactured by Eagle (automobile), a Chrysler is the key person of American Motors which has l'héritage de Roy D Chulin Jr.
Agusín Barboza, a bhí in Asunción, paraguay. Il genre de Guarania c'est guarania (music) agus il background is solo singer. 
The ALCO RS-3 is a four-stroke engine. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia, Malaysia. Y's main ingredients are fried chicken or squeezed beef served with sambal.
Abel Caballero, a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, was born in Ponteareas, Spain. He employed by Minister of Transport and is ministre de Transport.
Ayam penyet is in Java where the main ingredients are squeezed or punched fried chicken served with sambal. 
200 Public Square e's completion date of 1985., 200. 200 Public square was completed in 1985.
Akeem Dent, who was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th July 1987, is a member of Houston Texans. Is l'avversario de Jasper Det (Atlanta), Georgia. 
Albany, Georgia a leader is Mayor.
Arrabbiata sauce is in Rome, Italy. La salsa arrabbiata comes from Roma.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, where the United States are an ethnic group of African Americans. It is a member of the U.S.
The AMC Matador, which is a member of Port Melbourne, Victoria, was assembled o port Melbourne in Victoria. It has an alternative name called VAD Classic., L'AMCMatador comes i sequelport Melbourne (Victoria) and operates l'ACM straight-6 engine.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia. 
Arròs negre is an ingredient in Squid., Arròs néger's ingredient is saquid.
Akron, Ohio, is part of Summit County, O.C. in the U.S. I.R.I., it has an ethnic group de Native Americans.
The Memorial of Baku Turkish Martyrs' Medal was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Bako, Azerbaïdjan. It is designed by Hüseyin Btiyener and Hilmi Guner. Its memorial is made from red granite and white marble. 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in 2014 and it is a season of 2014.
L'aeroporto Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain. L'enAIRE operated by ENAIRE (ENAIRE).
Bananaman, which was created by Tim Brooke-Taylor, is a radiodiffused by BBC. John Geering fought in an 15th octobre 1986., Bananaman's first aired on 3rd October 1983, led by J.G.J.R.L.K.S.
Dáil Éireann is a part of Leinster, Dublin. 3Arena n'est propriétaire de Live Nation Entertainment in Dublin, Poblacht na République d'Irlande. L'enster is partiellement le Inster.
Mae'r AIDAstella, a proprietary of Costa Crociere, operated by Carnival Corporation & plc, it is located in Genoa. Is l'entreprise gemellata carnival company and affiliated with IATA Cruises. Meyer Werft was gestionnaire for Costa crociere.
Alan B Miller Hall Mason School of Business is located in Virginia, United States. It was completed on the 5th June 2009.
The periapsis o 6155910000000.0, (19255) 1994 VR8 has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, a mass de 5.6 km/g. It was orbital period 878850000.0, f'en 2006.
Akeem Ayers s'occupe of Linebacker., 
Attica, Indiana a total area of 4.14 sq km/s. It is part of Fountain County in Indiana, United States. La population density of 783.1 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
Ma'r Al Kharaitiyat SC, l'Abrab Al-Ordon Club and Amar Osim is a manager of Alaa Abdul-Zahra.
Mae'r Celery, a famille degli Apiaceae, is an ingredient in Bakso.
 Dale Tallon is a general manager of Florida Panthers. 
Alfred Garth Jones, who was born in Manchester, England, died o London. He defeadh Londra, i Manchester.
Aaron Turner, a member of the band Twilight and Old Man Gloom, performs post metal in 1995. It is associated with an artist old ManGloom.
Aston Martin V8, a t-assemblage in the United Kingdom is Elizabeth II. L'Elisabeth II, c'est l'elaborazione degli Alman Martin Virage; f'espórtáil d'arman Amstar Martin virage., L'ébauche DBS (b'aspúrsáilte in Aston M.R.J.S. J.I.C.), b'sp
Hypermarcas, which is located in Brazil, has drugs.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy, it is a Saab 9000. Lancia tiyem f'apparecchiature degli Abra 9000.
Bionico e'n bionico in Mexico, y compris la lingua spagnola. L'Enrique Peña Nieto is a leader of Mexico. Bionico comes from the Spanish language and it can be varied by Honey. 
The ACM Transactions on Information Systems, which has an academic discipline of Computer Science and is abbreviated to the Associazione Trans. Inf. Syst. It's n number 1558-2868.
Agnes Kant, a parti de la Partie socialista in the Netherlands, is l'endroit o Mark Rutte. Agnes Kant occupe le House of Representatives (Pays-Bas) et Emile Roemer.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Kuching, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Adenan Satem, became successor de Jugoslavie Borneo Britannique, f'appartenant à Abhdan Satm, j'était ta's parti pesaka bumiSpartak Bwys, and l'arrivée d'Adjan Satim.
Abilene, Texas is part of Texas. Is a l'aerfort régional degli Abilenes Regional Airport which serves the city of Asene in Texas.
250 Delaware Avenue, which has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres, was located in Buffalo, New York. It is 110 million de dollars and operated on janvier 2014.
The ISBN number of A Long Long Way is 57392395, which has a book number 0-670-03380-4., A Long long Way has an UTC number 07392276, and it has the ISBN Number 07053-0380-4.
Mae's dessert is Baked Alaska, it has a variation of Cookie.
Anders Osborne, Billy Iuso, is associated with the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars and Tab Benoit.
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy, where A.S. Gubbio 1910 has an deonym of Italians. Is l'Italie and Sergio Matarella are leaders.
Elliot See, who was born in Dallas on 27 July 1927, and died in St Louis., The date of birth of Elliot see is San Louis on 28 February 1966.
Bakewell pudding was created by Rutland Arms, Bakewell in 1820. Its main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and  egg., Baquewell Pudding is creato byRutland Arm, baked en 1820.
 Meyer Werft is located in Germany.
In Sri Lanka, i Malaysian currency is the Tamil language. It is in Haputale, Il-L-Il-il-l-Idir-la-Mae'r-Ase'ra ta's Ta'ir-Laïda; it is part of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Andra, a genre de Rhythm and blues. Andra is associated with Puya musician or CRBL.
The ISBN number of A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages., L'ISBN number 978-20-15-204700-2 is 512 pages.
Andrews County, Texas where Andrews is a county seat., Anderson's  County seirbhís (Aندروs).
Akron, Ohio, is part of Summit County, Ottawa. Is in the U.S. Americans are an ethnic group degli Stati Uniti., The Akron (Ohio), a member of the United States where one of its groups ethniques is Asia-Americans.
The periapsis of 1099 Figneria is 34920600000000000 and it has an epoch date 31 December 2006.
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 Kelvins. 
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Bakumi., Emiligail guruli is a member of FC Dynamo Barumi.
L'Alhambra s'est atteint le 31 Meitheamh 1855. L'arrivée degli Alcambra is 8.3 m.
Alexis Tsipras, l'Aerfort International Atene is a gcomhracta in Greece. L'aeroporto international Athens s'est rivelato en greece, il repubblican de Ghréig.
The Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) was constructed in Finland, where Sauli Niinilä is the leader.
Mae'n Alaska Baked is a pudding in Christmas Pudding. Is l'ingrédients de desserts, y compris Cookie and Cookie.
Felipe Gozon is a parent company of GMA New Media, l'agglomération de GGMA Network. Is gníomhaireacht public, felipe GOzon.
Bill Marriott International is a key person in Bill.
GMA New Media s'occupa de mass media, y compris mobile applications. L'industria is mass média.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where the birth place is Aaron Bogaard., Abraham (born en Canada) comes from Canada.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. 
Hypermarcas, a type de S.A. (corporation), has an net income of 108600000.
The Aston Martin V8, which has 5.3 litres, was assembled by Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom. It is a related mean of transport and Aton Martin DBS., NewportPagnell (Bwichingham), Angleterre, UK, U.S.A.R.I.M.L.N.Y.C.
The length of the US submarine NR-1 is 45000.0 millimetres and it was launched on 25th January 1969. Its top speed is 8.334, a longueur de 8334 km/h. It has an raggio de 3.8 m.
Aleksandre Guruli, who played for FC Mittredia, is a member of FC Mittagre.
Aaron Turner, a member of the band Lotus Eaters, is associated with Old Man Gloom. He performs électroacoustique and fought in 1995.
Anderson, Indiana a total area of 107.43 square kilometres is 268.0 km and its population density is 523.9 (inhabitants per sq km) in Indiana. It has an elevation above sea level 26,8 km/h. Anderson, Illinois e'n part of Indiana.
The Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and it has a runway length of 2989.0 km. It's elevation above sea level in Metres 211.
Bionico s'installe in Guadalajara, Mexico, where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico. Is a variation de Honey. Bionico f'apparecchiat ta' bionico (qui n'est pas l'AuraolesConejo).
3Arena a Dublin is located in Dublin, Poblacht na Repubblica irlandais. It is operated by Live Nation Entertainment and its location is Dublin.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, l'Istituzione in Ticino, ha 600 studenti. It was established in 1996 and operated by Johann Schneider-Ammann.
Dodge Coronet is a new name of 1955 Dodge. 
Alfons Gorbach, a married in Imst, f'Imst. He died in Graz, imst.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County in Texas, where Randall County is the United States., Mae'r Amarillo (y compris Reynolds County), Stáit Uniti.
The runway name of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 07/25 and it has a length of 518.0 metres above sea level.
Alfons Gorbach, a fought in Imst, Austria-Hongrie, and died in Styria., Afhilleadh In Ist degli Stati membri all'Austria-Ungheria, Awst.
Anaheim, California is part of Orange County in California, where the Greater Los Angeles are leaders. Anaheim comes from the United States.
101 Udnikov Way, Alan B Miller Hall is located on 30 March 2007 and was buildinged on 31 March 2007.
The AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock., 
Akeem Ayers, a former team in the Tennessee Titans, was drafted on 2. It is 39 and it has an draft round of 1. 
The AMC Matador is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria. It has a model year of 1971 and its Ambassador was l'Ambassadeur.
Aston Martin V8 e's successor of Aston M.RHAM/1 and was succeeded by Alman Martin Virage. 
Anders Osborne a record label is Alligator Records.
FC Tom Tomsk is a member of the Russian Football National League. 
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is a ground in Italy., The A S.Gubbione 1910 was located in Italia.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes. It has a runway length of 3500.0., Adolfo SuarezMadrid–Barrajas Awport, which seulement 3000.0 and y's longueur de l'arrondissement Adaraz Madrid Barajas.
The Ariane 5 is a launch site in Guiana Space Centre. L'Ariane 5 has l'ELA-3 and it was launched by ELA-3].
The Acura TLX is a moteur Honda K.
Buzz Aldrin, a nationalità degli Stati Uniti., Mae Buzz Aldrini, in the U.S.
Alan Frew e'r genre rock music. Rock music is originated from country music and folk music.
Aleksandrey Chirikov, l'icebreaker is built in Helsinki, Finland. Il gcomhpháirt d'Ifinland, Sauli Niinilä, ta's leader de Fhionnylinttila.
Bew kway teow, i Singapore agus Indonesia, is a food ingredient in Oyster sauce.
Aaron S. Daggett, who was born in Maine, is a member of the American Civil War and died in West Roxbury.
Abel Caballero, who was born in Spain, is in office while the monarchy Juan Carlos I de Spáinn, Francisco Franco, f'appartenant a Felipe González., Sacerdote Isabel Carullo, b'en exercice pendant quelqu'un d'entre l'ex-Ministre fédéral Filippo Franco.
103 Hera e's apoapsis of 437170000.0 km/kg. It has a mass of 7.9 kilograms, it has an escape velocity of 0.0482kilometres per sec., 3 Era f'espèce is 437160000.0 kg/km/m. L'asphèse de 370000,0 millimetri.
Al Asad Airbase, which was operated by the United States Air Force, has an invasion of Panama., L'United States air Force is introdotto by Al-Asad airbase and fought in the U.S. Arm.
Mae's bionico is a food found in Jalisco, Mexico. L'ingrédients de Bionico are Raisin.
Alberto Teisaire, a governing body of Buenos Aires City Legislature, Argentina, is Gabriela Michetti. Is l'Argentine in the language Spanish.
Akita Museum of Art which is located in Akita, Awitta, Japan. It is situated in Ikita Territory.
 Agnes Kant, who graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen, operated by House of Representatives (هولندا), was born in Hessisch Oldendorf., Agnes Kant is a member of the senate de représentants en Noord-Ouest and his Alma mater f'Edward Universitan Nijmeg nigens.
1634: The Ram Rebellion followed by 1635: the Cannon Law., 165: La Révolutionnalisation 1634, l'arrivée dello 1632: Il Rafralion.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was preceded by 1634. The Baltic War, Eric Flint is born in Burbank, California.
Anaheim, California is a leader of the U.S. House of Representatives in the United States, where English is one of its languages. Anaheim ( California) is part of New York Congress.
Twilight (band) has a genre black metal. 
AZAL PFK, which is located in Azerbaïdjan, was a member of the Azerbaijan Premier League. Il battaglione AZAL pFK devrait competer en Qarabag FK, ag l'Albanie.
Alan Frew, who was born in Coatbridge, Newmarket, Ontario, is a solo singer. It has an background of musician and can be found in newmarket (Ontario).
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which was located in Denmark, is operated by Marriott International. It has 3XN architects.
Gos Poyet e's club in Chelsea F.C. is a member of the Superleague Greece, l'université Olimpico FC. Il gcomhlacht de GusPoyet, f'agglomération Real Zaragoza.
The AEK Athens F.C. is a member of 69618 Members, y compris the Superleague Greece. It has 69618] member.
 Funk's music fusion genre is Afrobeat. 
L'Angola International Airport serves Luanda. 
Mexique's Mexico a deonym is Mexicans. 
Alfons Gorbach, a bhí in Austria-Hongrie, and died in Autriche. Doris Bures is the leader de l'Austria-Ungheria.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio e'r dean Mario Botta. L'Académie dipveva 100 $, c'est l'accademia d'Alessio di Istrizio ed it is sûrio in Svizzera.
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois., Illinois Chicago s'occupe de Dupage County in Illinois.
Arlington, Texas a elevation above sea level is 184.0.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while Vice-Président Tublanco Bujang Tudnikov Othman.
Chinabank, which was founded on August 16th 1920, has 5594 employs. It has 15100000000 operates.,  Chinabank ha 295 salaris.
The eissn number of AIP Advances is 2158].
The Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou, France.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the largest city in Washtenaw County., Ay'r New York County, Wisconsin is Ann-Arbor.
Alan B Miller Hall, which is located in Virginia, United States, was a member of the Mason School of Business., L'Accademia d'Académie degli Académies Degli U.S.
The Acura TLX is a 3.5 litres., It's moteur f'Acura TrLX, l'appartenant fl'3,5 litri.
Bandeja paisa e'r l'Antioquia Department in Colombia. Bandeja paisa is a region of Antioquia.
A Severed Wasp, which is located in Great Britain, became an ethnic group of African Americans.
L'Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. It has a runway length of 4000.0.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born in Iraq., Aحمد Kadhom Assaad, whose birthplace is iraquien.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County in Indiana, U.S. In the United States, and Indianapolis is capital.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was authored by Virginia DeMarce, is 512 pages. It has an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0., 1624: Il Ram rebellion operated from Ebook, it has 512 pagines.
Albennie Jones, a bhí in Errata,Mississippi. Il genre jazz is Jazz. Albenny Jones's background is solo singer.
Alan Shepard a fought in Apollo 14 and was retired on August 1, 1974.
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is Helipad., Anderson County Transportation Airport has l'atterrissage name (Helipad).
Elliot See a test pilot is l'efficacy of the Test pilot.
Jabb Bundsgaard is a leader of Aarhus., Aarhus, which was led by Jacob Bund6036.
Abner W. Sibal, l'armée degli Stati Uniti, fought in the American Revolutionary War.
B.M. Reddy, l'Université Visvesvaraya Technological Institute was established in 2000 and operated by Dr G. P. Prabhukumar. It is a member of Acharya Institute of Technology comes from Bangalore, India., L'Institiúal Nuclear de Technologie (b.m. reddy). L'Institutu tal-Acharya University has été établi en 2000 agus f'appartenant do Dr
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia., A Atlanta s'occupy from Fultone County in Georgia (U.S.), l'État degli Stati Uniti.
Elliot See, who was born on 23 July 1927, Dallas, died in St. Louis. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and his alma mater is Université Texas (Austin).
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna, Nigeria. Il Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria).
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II.
Bhangra music is a fusion genre of rock music, Alan Frew's genre. Rock music originates from blues and folk music.
The Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka., Ampara hôpital is operated by Sri Lanca.
300 North LaSalle contains 60 floors.
Mae'n tart Derbyshire Dales is part of derbyshire, l'ingredient f'infrangilte barbecuewell pudding. L'enfragnement fl'Infraghier-Diley and it has an ingredient de shortcrust pâtisserie.
Alberto Teisaire, a nationalita' de Buenos Aires, whose leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta, governed by the Legislature Citta' di Buis Aires. Is l'Argentine in Argentine, il gcomhréir con la legislature città d'Autriche.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé a macchinatore de Gruppo Bertone. Abarth is l'agglomération, gcompháirtamento tal-Agglomitesse. 
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is a manager of Peñarol. 
The Memorial Turkish Martyrs' martyr Bako, which is located in Azerbaïdjan, was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi sa bhliain feidhme ag an Battle of Baku. L'Azerbaidjan a bhfuil legislature maidir le Gouvernement Náisiúnta na hÉireann., L'Alban l'Azerbajan tֶsercito turco-méditerranéan 
Albany, Oregon is in the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. It is a food from the U.S.
Abel Caballero, who was born in Galizia (Espagne), is a member of the Congress of Deputies. A bhí ag feidhmiú le Congrès na nGnóthaí Sóisialta sa Spáinn., Mae Abel Cavalier, an mBallstúpa socialista Spanish Workers' Party.
Akeem Ayers, who was born on 10th July 1989, is a member of New England Patriots. He debuted on the Tennessee Titans in 1989. 
L'aeroporto international Ashgabat a runway length is 3800.0 and it has 211 metres above sea level in Metres.
Arlington, Texas y is part of Tarrant County in Texas, Fort Worth. It is the largest city in Houston, Austin.
Alison O'Donnell commence actively in 1963. 
Bhajji contains an ingredient gram flour. It is similar to Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flouri. 
Alan B Miller Hall, which has the current Tenants of Mason School of Business.
(410777) 2009 FD FD which has an apoapsis of 259776702.44075 km/m, a minimum temperature of 211.0 Kelvins. 
Asam pedas is a member of the Malaysian Indians, y compris le Kuala Lumpur. Is l'intermédiaire de la Malaysia in Malaisie. Asam Pedas comes from Melaisie.
Alex Day, a derivative of Synthpop comes from pop music and is originated from Pop music.
Albert B. White, who was born in 1856 on 22nd September 1956, died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, Illinois. He defeadh 1941-06-27 en 1941.
Alex Day, who was born in London Borough of Havering, is a member of the band Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell. Alex Day became active in 2006.
The RCA Records is a distributeur company of Legacy Recordings., 
Albany, Georgia e's part of Georgia (U.S.), is in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Chicago, where 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago (United States).
Joe Biden is a leader of the United States., Jo Beiden, l'U.S.A. (jO biden).
Anaheim, California contains 657 area code.
David Scott e'n commandant Apollo 12 is Alan Bean, a member of NASA. L'Apollo 12 was operated by NASA and David Scott.
Bhajji e'n Bhajji, in India, a bhfuil Sumitra Mahajan and Vajubhai Vala.
103 Colmore Row which is located in Colmor Row.
Alkmaar Zaanblanco, a total name of AZ Alkmaar, is 17023.
The escape velocity of 1099 Figneria is 0.0155 km per seconds., 
Akron Summit Assault is a member of the Premier Development League, where K-W United FC are champions.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County in Indiana.
Bacon sandwich, bacon sarnie, rasher Sandwich. Bacon saner, pee'n baco, bocon cob, bucon barm, macon muffin.
Aaron Bertram, a member of the Suburban Legends, is associated with Kids Imagine Nation. Il's genre pop music is Pop music.
Antioch, California n'est part of Contra Costa County, San Francisco Bay Area. L'area totale de 75.324 square kilometres is 75,324 sq km.
Andra, a solo singer, can be found in pop music. It's genre is Pop music and its background is sol-singer.
1036 Ganymed, which has an apoapsis of 611950000.0 km/s., The متوسط speed is 16.86 km per sec. It's apoabsis is 611906000.0 kg/m.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a successor was Anthony J. Celebrezze.
L'université 1 Decembrie 1918, o Bucharest, Romania is l'un degli ethnic group of the Germans and Klaus Iohannis. L'agglomération f'Albanie, b'Irlande, c'est la capitale Bucarest.
 Patrick McLoughlin is a leader of Derbyshire Dales. 
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata.
Jen Valor is the creator of Black Pirate, Sheldon Moldoff and Jon Valor. 
Ahmet Ertegun, a member of the United States, was born on 1923 in Washington D.C. It has an background de personnel non performing.
Alvah Sabin e's member of the Whig Party (United States) where Daniel Webster is a leader in Vermont. Il battaglione degli Stati Uniti, l'y compris il maggior citta' de Burlington-Vermont.
Bakewell pudding, which is a dessert from Derbyshire Dales and it can be varied by Bakewell tart. Its main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and  egg.
107 Camilla epoch was 31 December 2006 and is discovered by E. Wells. It has an periapsis of 479343000.0 km/km.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, i Denmark is affiliated with an European University Association. L'université de Gnóthaí Eacnamaíocha tal-Aarhus in 1928.
A Loyal Character Dancer is in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
L'American Journal of Mathematics is an abbreviated to Am J. Math. It has an academic discipline in mathématiques, a SSN number 1080-6377.
L'11 Diagonal Street, l'est de South Africa, is located in Cape Town, cyril Ramaphosa. L'ethnic group of the Asian South Africans are an ethnic group.
Columbus Blue Jackets is a city of Columbus, Ohio., Logan Blue Coats are l'Ohio.
In Belgio is a German language., 
Alessio Romagnoli e'n club degli A.S. Roma in Serie A, ma'r youth club d'As Roma. 
Alfred N. Phillips, fought in the United States Army and was a member of the American Civil War.
Airey Neave a bénéficied d'une costruzione territoriale. 
Alison O'Donnell a derivative of jazz is Funk, which has its record label static Caravan Recordings.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr. played for Florida Panthers.
Allan Shivers, who was born in Lufkin, Texas, is a member of the Democratic Party (United States), where Price Daniel fought., Mae'n Allan shivers became governor de Texas and he operates le Governor of Texas.
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and fought in 2014-15 Topklass.
 Infraero is l'oibríocht degli Aerfort International Afonso Pena., Infraero operates f'Inféro.
Akeem Adams, who played for Ferencvarosi TC, is a member of Thomas Doll.
 Agnes Kant e's office in House of Representatives (Netherlands).
T. S Thakur is a leader in India, where the Agra Airport is operated., Agra Airport has l'Aghaidh which is situated in Indiana, whose leader is T.S Takur.
The record label of Agustín Barboza is Philips Records.
The runway length of Antwerp International Airport is 600.0. L'aerfort international which was operated by the Flemish Government, it has 12 km above sea level in 12.6 km.
L'indirizzo AIDS (journal) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Elizabeth II. Is in the United Kingdom where David Cameron is leader.
Akeem Adams played for the United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is Palo Seco, Trinidad-et Tobago national under-20 football team., Saskatchewan National Under-20 Football team of Akehem Adams was a member of the U.
Mae's Arem-arem is located in Indonesia, but it is più specific to Java. 
 Nikos Voutsis is a leader in Grecia. 
Auburn, Washington y's part of King County in Washington, Stáit Uniti. Auburn is parti de New York, U.S. In the United States, c'est l'olympia and Olympia., Saskatwan en Washington (in the US), b'e'r più grande city a Seattle, Atlanta.
The AIDAluna is a power type of Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in California, Peoria, Illinois., L'IATAluna comes as l'Applet Inc.
(19255) 1994 VK8 epoch date 31 December 2006, periapsis is 6155910000.0 and has an orbital period of 878850000.0.,  (19255) 94 VT8 fought on 31 Nollaig 2006 et it was a escape velocity 0.0 925 km per second.
Alan Shepard, who was born on 18th October 1923, New Hampshire. He died in California, NYC, M.A. 1957., John Sheppard fought on 21st July 1923 and his Alma mater is NWC, MA. A.S. 1956.
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia. 
Aaron Bertram e's active year in 1998 and he fought fin 1998. 
Alan Shepard, a New Hampshire, was born on May 18th 1923. He roghnò da NASA in 1959 and died in California.
The inauguration date of the Akita Museum of Art on 28th October 2013., It was inaugurated on 22nd octobre 2013 and it has its inauguracion date.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, Malaysia. It has the main ingredients of Ayamdnikov which are squeezed or punched fried chicken served with sambal. 
John van den Brom, whose club is Istanbulspor A.R.A.S. where Robert Nietoorn was a member of AZ Alkmaar. Il's manager is John van Den Brom and AFC Ajax.
Mae Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, is a member of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. Adenan Satem fought in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, sarawak. , Mae Muhammad Tae'm became retired from the Territory deSarawak and an Alma mater acadaiu Universita' Adelaide.
Andrew Rayel, a member of the band Christian Burns, is associated with Mark Sixma., Anderson רייl, who was associate with Andrew Rayell, f'un performer musical by Mark sixma, and he plays for Christianburns.
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the community of Madrid., Mae Paracuoles deJarama n'appartiene a communauté de Madrid.
Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, Brazil, where Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is located. It's ground is Estádio municipal Coeracyda Matafonseca in Brasil. 
Amdavad ni Gufa, l'architecte B. V. Doshi, was architected by b.V.Doshi.
109 Felicitas, whose periapsis is 286036000000.0.,  109  felicitas has an peripops of 28Karnataka000000.
Trane, which was founded on 1st January 1913, in La Crosse Wisconsin. Trane has 29000 employs and its revenue is 10264000000.
Artur Rasizade is a leader de l'Azerbaïdjan, an tAzerbaidjan. Is é príomh-Ministre na hÉmiratí Turkurgicas atá tuaithe sa bhliain feidhmiú le soldato Ottoman Army uccisi sa Bhulgáir.
Ram Naik is a leader of Uttar Pradesh, o Awadh. L'arrondissement n'appartient pas l'Agra Airport e'r situated i Bundelkhand.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where Washington, D.C. are led by Paul Ryan.
Alfred Moore Scales a fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg, part of the American Civil War. L'Abraham Lincoln is an commander degli Abraham Lincoln.
Mae AmeriGas is a member of the North American Eastern Time Zone in Pennsylvania. It has an area total of 9833516.63 sq km/s., AmeiGas, whose city is King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, and its time zone is north-Amichigan East Tempo Zone.
Aaron Turner, a member of the band Twilight (band), is associated with Black metal. He performs black metal and music fusion genre de Death Metal.
N. R. Pogson, Nottingham, was discovered by 107 Camilla, who died in Chennai, on March 1, 2001.
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, is a member of the test pilot and died in California. He graduated from New-Hampshire.
Elliot See, who graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, died in St Louis, 1966. He was a test pilot.
A Severed Wasp, y compris l'ISBN number 8804107, is 8806036. It has a ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
Aaron Turner e's music fusion genre de Death metal is Black metal and Mamiffer.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. Il comhlacht Asajaya f'appartenant à Kuching.
Gos Poyet is a club of AEK Athens F.C., Bes GusPoyet, who plays for Ajax Athens FC.
William Anders, a member of Apollo 8 is Frank Borman. He fought in Apollo 8, where Buzz Aldrin operates NASA. , William Anders became retired on 1st July 1969, ma partagent Apollo 8.
B postcode area is Birmingham which has an postal code in Birmingham. 
Aleksandr Chumakov, who died in Russia, is a led by Vladimir Putin.
Abradab is a member of the band Magik (rapper).
Alex Day e's genre is Synthpop, which has its stylistic origins in Disco.
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3500.0 and it has an elevation above sea level -3.3528.
Frank de Boer is a manager of AFC Ajax., Fermacteur Frank De Boer, f'Erm).
Duncan Rouleau, a nationality of Americans, produced Baymax (film Big Hero 6) which starred Damon Wayans Jr.
Frangipane is a frangipano ingredient. 
Sergio Mattarella, l'Italia is a leader in Italy. Is i liquor Arrabbiata sauce come from the Italian language. 
Bananaman was a first aired on 3rd October 1983.
In the United Kingdom, British people are demonyms., 
Mae'r salsa Arrabbiata a sauce in Italy, it is l'Italie, where Sergio Mattarella is the leader.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where Austin Fernando is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe. Its bed count is 476 litres.
The escape velocity of 1099 Figneria, which has a temperature of 156.0 Kelvins, is 0.0155 km per sec. It has an apoapsis de 603618000.0 km/s.
Alex Plante, who was born in Manitoba, 1989, is a member of the St.K.A.I.N.P.S.
103 Hera, a periapsis is 371240000.0 km/km. It has an epoch date of 27th July 2011.
Noodle is an ingredient in Bakso. 
Rolando Maran, a member of the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. A.C. Chievo Verona, f'appartenant à l'Unione Trêstina 2012.
Tom Lyle, created Blockbuster (comics Caracter) Roger Stern., The book carraffe Blocbuster originated from Tom Lyl, is creator de Paul Stern.
The ALCO RS-3 is 17068.8 millimetres, a longueur de foglie V12. It was builded on May 1950- August 1956 in American Locomotive Company.
Dan Mishkin e'n comic character Bolt, which was created by Paris Cullins. It has an alternative name to Larry Bolatinsky., Dan Mishקין é'r creator of Bolt (comics carcal Bolt) ed it is a French Cullin.
Mae batchoy is a member of the Philippines where Zamboangans are an ethnic group. Is l'espèce cinese filippina, i Filippine Spanish.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090. L'Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and operated by Dr G. P. Prabhukumar., L'Istituto de Technology is affiliated with Dr J.G.P.
Abraham van der Laan, AFC Ajax (amateurs) is located in Amsterdam. Is a member of the leader of Amsterdam, Eberhard van Der Laans.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. It has an elevation of 618 metres above sea level in feidhme.
AFC Ajax N.V. is a member of 53502] and has 53502.
Caterpillar Inc. Stuart, Illinois, is a member key person of Douglas R Oberhelman and was founded in Illinois. L'AIDAluna comes from the U.S.
Carl A Wirtanen was discoverer (29075) 1950 DA., L'abbreviated by Carl A.
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Mare Botta, l'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Svizzera. Il dean is Mario Bottta, il Dean of Accademia d'Acropsia diلفه da 600 student.
A.C. Milan s'occupa de Sinisa Mihajlović, Silvio Berlusconi, is a member of A C. Sampdoria. Alessio Romagnoli e'n club in Serie A.
The American Journal of Mathematics has an abbreviation of Am. J. Math., a frequenze f'monthly.
Bhajji, a bhajji in India, is an ingredient of gram flour and legumes. L'abbreviated name bajji (Bajji) comes from India.
 Agnes Kant, who was born in West Germany, is a member of Radboud University Nijmegen., Agnes Kant fought in west Germany and operated by Socialist Party (Netherlands).
Audi A1 a's manufactured by Audi, which is subsidiary of Ducati.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr. was born in Finland, Finland.
Adam Koc a fought in the World War I and became member of the Officer's Star Parasol. 
The United States where AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. It has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres and it was founded on July 4th 1776.
Andrew Rayel e's genre of Trance music. Jwaydan Moyine, John Digweed, is a member of the band/artist associates to rock pop music.
Mae's sandwich bacon is a variation of BLT, in the U.R.U., y compris condiment.
Alvah Sabin, who was born in Georgia, Vermont, on 23 octobre1793, operated by the secrétaire d'État., Aluiv Sabin is a member of the St.
Airey Neave, who was born in Knightsbridge, is a member of the Battle of France. It has been actively completed on March 30th 1974 and fought on Mars 3rd 1979.,  Airey Nave's started his death on April 03, 1974; became attached to Battle for France.
Albert Uderzo created Asterix, which is a member of René Goscinny., Aterix (pseudonyme de comic book) was creato by Rene Gosfianty and Albert UDerzo.
Auburn, Washington, y compris part of Pierce County, Stáit Uniti. L'U.S. La capitale degli USA is Washington D.C.
The ALV X-1 is manufactured by the Assembly Techsystems, which has a AGM-88 HARM., L'Alvx-1 comes from the assembling industry of the Algotech Systems, and its product is AGR-88.
HOK SVE, architecte 3Arena. 
Greek is the language of Greece. 
Alan Martin, who was born on 1st January 1989, is a member of Crewe Alexandra F.C. and plays for Hamilton Academical FC., Alban Martin ( footballer) f'Hamilton Académical FC.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a country in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., In Great Britain, I'S member of the U.S.
Ajoblanco e's ingredient in Ajoblanco, it is from Spain. It is a base of bread. 
Bacon Explosion e'n bacon explosion in the United States, where Barack Obama is led by Washington D.C..
The Acura TLX a transmission is 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6).
Kelvin Mao e'n football character Ballistic, which was created by Doug Moench. It has an alternative name to KelvinMao., The comic character ballistic (comics character) is a common name of kelvin mao.
Arròs negre is a member of the Valencian Community, where Ximo Puig and Felipe VI in Spain. L'arròs granates are i region de la Valenciana Communaute, c'est l'idiot d'Alfonso VI en Spáinn.
The Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States., Saràc Lake (New York) n'est parti degli Stati Uniti.
Alison O'Donnell, a member of the band Plastik Mak, is associated with Plastic Mak., Mae Alison Or Donnell was associate with plastic Mak and head South By Weaving.
Anders Osborne, a musician is Bhangra (music), was associated with rock music and Johnny Sansone. He graduated from Awke Records and became guitarist.
The epoch date of 1001 Gaussia in 2015-06-27, it has periapsis 419113394 55312 km/km., L'ex-nom: 1923 OAA907XC, on 27th July 2015, is l'enquête date de 23 h June 2015. L'espèce c'est 3191139975.312.
Angola, Indiana is in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Binignit s'y compris le Visayas, is l'ingredient dei coconut milk. Il grange binignit f'apparecchiat ta' Vijaes, in Philippines.
Ajo Blanco's alternative name is Ajoblanco.
Al Kharaitiyat SC where Alaa Abdul-Zahra is a member of the Shabab Al-Ordon Club.
Swords, Dublin s'inscrit in Dublin (Partie dei Parlaimint na hEorpa).
Ram Naik, Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh. L'Agra Airport n'appartenant a Kheria Air Force Station. Il y rassembler l'arrondissement i Bundelkhand.
L'université 1 Decembrie 1918 l'Alba Iulia in Romania, a chiffred with Klaus Iohannis. L'Université 1 Dicembre 1918 is o Bucharest.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, which is located in Greece, Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos. 
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. (corporation) is the key person in Hypermarca's company.
The maiden voyage of Alcabra is 1855-07-07., L'Alhambra, maen voyage on the 7th July 1850.
B.M. Reddy is a member of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India. It was president by B. M.reddy and b.m. reddy.
A Severed Wasp s'exprime in Gran Bretagna, Stáit Aontaithe, where Barack Obama is a leader. Is é l'université degli Stati Uniti; b'y compris an ethnic group of Native Americans negli U.S.
Amarillo, Texas is a country in the United States.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a food found in Great Britain, where Joe Biden is leader. Is l'ethnic group of African Americans.
Mae'r Ab Klink, a member of Mark Rutte, was born in Stellendam, Poland. Is l'envergure degli Appeal Chrétien-Democratical and an euro is airgeadra.
Aaron Deer, originated in Indiana, United States, is a genre of Indie rock.
Agnes Kant, a parti de la Partie socialista in the Netherlands, is l'agglomération d'Emili Roemer. Agnes Kant f'appartenant à Mark Rutte, il gcomhlacht parlementaire (en Pays-Bas).
Hypermarcas, which is located in São Paulo, has 10252 employs. Is a revenue de 1800000000.
The ISBN number of A Loyal Character Dancer is 1-52395-301-3., 1 696-67301-3, the ISBN Number of 1 694-673-5.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves Amsterdam., The city of Amsterdam is located in Amsterdam.
Andra, a solo singer Andra, who was born in Câmpia Turzii, f'aois 1986. Tá an rhythm and blues genre de Rhythm and Blues.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 Luglio 1907, in Frederick County, Maryland. It is operated by the National Park Service of Parcs nationaux and it has a member of the Monocacy National Battlefield.
The epoch date of 1089 Tama is 26 November 2005, ed it has an orbital period de 12021.69 days. Its apoapsis is 37313000.0 km/s., A919 HA; 1927WB; f'l'illuvion d'oluvion 0.0068 km per sec.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the World War II.
Mae's Chinabank, which was founded on 16 August 1920, has 15100000000 and operated by a Public company.
James Craig Watson, whose state of origins is Canada, has 103 Hera. He was discovered by James Craig (Watson).
Albert Jennings Fountain, a fought in New York, negli Stati Uniti, and died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico. He became in Stát Island (Staten Island).
Jack Kirby was created by Balder's comic character., Jasper is a member of the comic book character Balders.
Elliot See, who was born on 23 July 1927, Dallas, is a member of the University of Texas at Austin. It has an affiliated with the U.S. S.A. St. Louis and died in Dallas.
The AMC Matador is a model year of 1974 and was assembled o Kenosha Wisconsin, Wisconsin. It has an modèle feidhme in 1974 per l'Ambassadeur.
Mae'n tart f'Bakewell pudding, l'ingrédients is shortcrust pâtisserie. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia, Malaysia. Il y compris l'Indonésia cinese ethnique de la Malaisie. L'Idirghilterra ta' Ayamdnikov it has an ingredient of Fried chicken and the main ingredients are Chicken.
The orbital period of 1097 Vicia, a periapsis is 279142000000.0. It has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, and it has mass de 9.8 km/kg. L'orbital Period of 135589000.0 in 2006.
Ace Wilder's record label is EMI Records.
Ab Klink, a member of the House of Representatives, was born in Stellendam, Awst. Adieu Appeal Chréignis Christian Democratic Allocation., Abner Ab klink became feidhme per l'Université de Leiden University.
L'aerfort régional degli Alcana, Michigan is 210 km/h. L'aeroporto residenziale d'Alpena in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County (Michigan), c'est l'itinerario urrainn 1533.0 and it has 210 m hectares.
Artur Rasizade is l'Azerbaïdjan, a bhfuil an t-Azerbaijan ina caipiteal ar Baku. Is é le haghaidh Ard-Aire na hÉireann agus bhí feidhm ag an Aontais Náisiúnta.
Mae Baked Alaska, in France, St.-U.S. ou Hong Kong, is a meringue, glace cream, spongecake or Christmas pudding. Is l'ingredient di Meringue.
 Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States., Harrietstown (New York) is a parti degli Stati Uniti.
A Long Long Way has a ISBN number of 0-670-03380-4.
Trane s'installe in Swords, Dublin, Ireland., Former Trane is located in Iodáil, Irland.
The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006, a periapsis de 27914300000000000. It has an apoapsis de 410792000.0 km. 
William Anders e's backup pilot Apollo 11 is William Anders. 
Julia Morgan, a New York County San Francisco, was born in California. Julia Morgan is l'architecte degli Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Riverside Art Museum. It has y significant building o Chinatown san Francisco (San Francisco).
Ace Wilder, who was born in Stockholm, on 23 July 1982, is a solo singer., Ayse's apogée d'Eyes-Wilder originated from Stockholm and has its background as soliste.
103 Hera e's apoapsis of 437170000.0 km/km. It has an escape velocity of 0.0482 km per sec, a temperature of 170.0 Kelvins and it has the apoabsis de 437180000.0 kg., 10 HerA é'n fuga velocità de 0,0482 kilograms per second, f'espèce de 170,0kelvins et l'aspsis di 437160000.0kilometres.
The epoch of 1101 Clematis is 31 December 2006. It has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an apoapsis de 520906000.0 km., 11 December 2006, l'épochta orbitale f'183090.0 km.
The AIDAluna is operated by IATA Cruises in Rostock, rostock. L'operatore de l'Adaluna n'est quelqu'un d'oibriúcháin per igliaia crocs.
Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India. 
Akita Museum of Art which is located in Akita, Ikita. It is part of the Prefettura de Tarō Asō and it has affiliation ethnique with Japanese people.
Aaron Turner originates from Boston.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé commence in 1958. 
Aleksandra Kovač is associated with Kornelije Kovac.
The Olympique Lyonnais is a ground of Parc Olympiques Lionnais. 
Arlington, Texas is part of Texas. It is a language in Texas.
The Antwerp International Airport, which is operated by the Flemish region of Belge, has an elevation above sea level in 12.0 km. It's runway length is 600.0 km/h. L'Aerfort international tenant de l'Agglomération flemish Department of Mobilità and Travaux Public. La Flotta internazionale n'est pas loin de la merde 12,6 km2., L'
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in 2014-15 A EPSTH, Grèce. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis sport and sports offered in tennis, which is governing body for the International Tennis Federation.
Alberto Teisaire, a fought in Mendoza, Argentina, it was succeeded by Isaac Rojas. He became successor of Albertodnikover en 1891/05/20.
Albany, Oregon is a total area of 45.97 square kilometres., The area totale of Albany and Oregon's surface area is 45.97 sq km.
A.S. Roma e's season of 2014-15 Serie A.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California, California. 
L'enAIRE is l'aereo Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas, situated in Alcobendas, Spain. L'indirizzo degli aeromobili ADolfo SuarezMadrid–Barrajas operates ENAIRE.
101 Helena, a media speed is 18.44 km per sec. It has an apoapsis of 441092000.0 km/m.
Allan Sandage, Walter Baade, a member of the University of Göttingen, was discovered on 1036 Ganymed and Halton Arp., L'université de Gottingen is l'université de Gettingen.
Bacon sandwich, bacon sarnie, rasher Sandwich, Bacon garn, pee'n baco, bocon barm, bbacon muffin. Is é l'ingrédient is ketchup or brown sauce. 
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in Chicago, Illinois, is a member of the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare.
Aser Levy Public Baths are added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd March 1980. It is located o'Asser Livy Place and East23rd Street. Il numéro de référence n'80002709.
L'aeroporto regionale Adirondack serves le Lake Placid, New York. L'aerroport régional Adiondack serve le Saranac Lake (New York) agus it has 1219.0 runways.
The AMC Matador is a related mean of transport and the Ambasciator de l'AMC.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was published by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, has an ISBN number 978-1-4075-4253-7. It is a media type print.
Arrrabbiata sauce is a food ingredient in Tomato, Italy. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is a led by T. S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan, in India. Is l'Indiens ta's leader Ta't S Thkur.
Airey Neave e'n active year on 30 December 1953, and he fought on 31 March 1979. It is a member of Airey Nave at the date of June 30, 1953.
Aser Levy Public Baths, which was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd Street (Manhattan), is architectural style in Romanesque Revival architecture. It has an référence number 80002709., The Assembly Acte Ames Eru're Aws Arus Alus Lusses Lasses Lisses Lesses Lentis Liennes Listes Lensis Lntis Lnus Lvais Lvus Ljus L
Agustin Barboza, a solo singer, plays Guarania (music), has l'album label Philips Records.
Mae'r Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, l'Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, is a member of the Vila Nova Fampeonato Clube.
Agusín Barboza, a part of Gran Asunción, gran Asuncion, Juan Afara. Il Paraguay is l'intermédiaire d'Agustin Ribeiro.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Poblacht na République d'Irlande. Is a part of Críona Ní Dhálaigh. It is propriétaire de 3Arena o Live Nation Entertainment.
Aenir a ISBN number: 1-439-17684-0. It is published by Garth Nix, mae'r mediatype print., The author of Aener l'ISBN number 0-3917680-4.
The ISBN number of A Wizard of Mars is 978-20-15-204700-2 and has a media type in Hardcover., A wizard of Marte's web-type include hardcover.
Alfred Moore Scales a fought in Battle of Chancellorsville. 
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road - Bangalore – 560090. L'Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students., L'Istituto de Technology a India is affiliated with 3500 postdoctors.
La Crosse, Wisconsin is a subsidiario de Trane. L'area totale de 58.38 km/h. Il y compris il l'enjurnal de Lacrosse in Wisconsin.
Austin, Texas a total area of 686.0 square kilometres and it has 512 km per sq km. Its population density is 1296.65 (inhabitants) per chilometri quadrati. It has 704.95 square0000.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez e's club in A.D. Isidro Metapan.
Tarō Asō is a leader in Japan., Mae Taiji's leader is Tarō ASō.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Madison County in Indiana, United States., In Indiana (United States), Anderson and Indiana's propriétaire de l'Indiana.
Aaron S Daggett fought in Battle of Cold Harbor, where Robert E Lee is a commander.
Andra, a solo singer Andra, who was born in Romania, 1986, has an genre of Rhythm and blues. Il saxophone Andra is l'arrondissement de 1986.
The orbital period of 1097 Vicia is 135589000.0 and it has an epoch date 31 December 2006.
The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen.
Boris Johnson, l'Elizabeth II is a member of the United Kingdom in London. L'Inghilterra c'est la capitale de Londra, il y compris le pound sterling.
Alfredo Zitarrosa e's genre of Zamba, l'artform RCA Records. It has a background in solo singer. 
Alex Plante, a member of Anyang Halla, was born on May 9th 1989 in Brandon, Manitoba., Anyang halla is l'an deireadh 1989 en 1989.
The mass of 1099 Figneria is 2.7 km/kg.
 Cornell University is a doctoral Big Red. 
Alex Plante's height is 1.994].
107 Camilla epoch was on 31 December 2006.
Mae'r salsa Amatriciana a sauce in Italy, o Pietro Grasso. L'Italie is l'imprenditore Sergio Mattarella.
Aaron S. Daggett a bhaint as Purple Heart.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria while Adolf Schärf was president.
Alvis Speed 25 a motor is 4387,0 (cubicCentimetres) and it has an cylindre of 4387.0 cubic cintimetres. It's transmission is all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle.
The United States Air Force is a member of the Lockheed AC-130 and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle, which fought in Korean War. Al Asad airbase was operated by the U.S. L'Aviation Force (Boeing C-17 Globemaster III).
Abilene, Texas a part of Jones County in Texas, United States. It's capital is Washington D.C.
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore, where Beef kway teow are leaders. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa e's genre of Zamba (artform), is a solo singer.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is a leader of the City Administrateur., The city ADMINISTRATEUR.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was authored by Eric Flint, is a media type of Ebook., 1632: Il Ram rebellion originates dall'Ebook.
