Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, and died in California. Alan Shepard, who had the NASA operated Apollo 14. He fought in New Hampshire, on August 1st 1974., Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, is a member of Apollo 14 and died in California.
Hypermarcas, a type de S.A. (corporation), was founded on 1st January 2001. Hypermarcas is a leader in l'industrie pharmaceutique. Is a phríomhpháirt d'ilmhóites-societé., Hypermarcas comes from l'industrie pharmaceutique and the CEO as a prêtithóir feidhmiúcháin en 2001-01-01. Hypermarcas are a
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States. It is part of Manhattan.
Mae, India is a Ganges. AWH Engineering College in Kuttdnikovettoor comes from Kerala, where Mahe, India is the largest city of Mumbai. It has 250 academic staff. Il Kerala is o Kuttikkattoor and there are Ganges., AWH Engineering College in Kuttdnikovet toor operates from Kerala, y compris South-Ouest de Mahe, India.
Alan Martin e'r footballer, whose club is Motherwell F.C. in Fir Park and plays for Clyde F.C. Barry Ferguson. Alan Martin e'r footballer, whose club is Motherwell F.C. In Fir Park., Alan Martin e'r footballer, whose club is Motherwell F.C.
Edmund J. Davis died in Austin, Texas., Edmund J. Davis died in Austin, Texas.
Alan Shepard a'distinguished Service Medal in the US Navy., Alan Shepard a'distinguished Service Medal in the US Navy.
Alvah Sabin, a member of the Whig Party (United States) is part of Vermont, Vermont. He died in Sycamore, Illinois. Il battaglione Alvah Sabin, a member of the Whig Party (United States), Daniel Webster., Il battaglione Alvah Sabin, a member of the Whig Party (United States) is part of Burlington, Vermont, Irmont. Is a member of the
GMA New Media contains un prodotto mondial Wide Web., GMA New Media contains un produit mondial Wide Web.
N. R. Pogson, a nationality of England, is in England., N. R. Pogson, a nationality of England, is in England.
A Long Long Way which was preceded by Annie Dunne, is published by Viking Press and followed by The Secret Scripture., A Long Long Way which was preceded by Annie Dunne, is published by Viking Press and followed by The Secret Scripture., A Long Long Way which was preceded by Annie Dunne, is published by Viking Press and followed by The Secret Scripture., A Long Long
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a country in the United States, where Barack Obama is led by Barack Obama. A Fortress of Grey Ice comes from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A.C. Cesena e'n football in Serie B, Carpi F.C. 1909 and Carpi F.C. 1909., A.C. Cesena e'n football in Serie B, Carpi F.C. 1909. , Carpi F.C. 1909, Carpi F.C. 1909, Carpi F.C. 1909.
Andrew Rayel s'associe à Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny. Andrew Rayel s'associe à Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre
William Anders, a member of the U.S. AFIT, M.S. 1962, was born on 17th October 1933 in Hong Kong, United States. William Anders, a breithiúnas depuis 1969-9., William Anders, a breithiúnas depuis 1923 in Hong Kong, Massachusetts, is a breithiúnas depuis 1969-1., William Anders, a breithiúnas depuis 1963 in Hong Kong, Illinois
Bhajji, a gran flour, legumes, is in India. L'ingredient dei gram flour, legumes, y compris an ingredient Gram flour., Bhajji, a gran flour, legumes, is in India. L'ingredient dei gram flour, legumes, is in India. L'ingredient dei gram flour, legumes, is gram flour
A Severed Wasp contains 374-26131-8, ISBN number 8804107, ISBN number 0-374-26131-8., A Severed Wasp contains 374-26131-8, ISBN number 8805300, ISBN number 0-374-26131-8, ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
Mae arabe is the language of Philippines., Mae arabe is the language of Philippines.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Grecia, a member of the Vice-Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally., Adonis Georgiadis was born in Grecia, a member of the Vice-Parliamentary Spokesman of popular Orthodox Rally.
A Severed Wasp contains 374-26131-8, ISBN number 0-374-26131-8., A Severed Wasp contains 374-26131-8, ISBN number 0-374-26131-8, ISBN number 0-374-26131-8., A Severed Wasp contains 374-26131-8, ISBN number 0-374-26131-8, ISBN number 0-374-26131-8, ISBN number 0-374-26131-8., A Severed Wasp 
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan, Pakistan. L'Administration Civil Aviation Authority pakistanese Shehbaz Sharif and Lahore are operated by The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority Pakistane., L'Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan, Pakistan, where Shehbaz Sharif is the leader of Lahore.
Aaron Bertram, a member of the Suburban Legends, is associated with Ska., Aaron Bertram, a member of the Suburban Legends, is associated with Ska., Aaron Bertram, a member of the Suburban Legends, is associated with Ska., Aaron Bertram, a member of the Suburban Legends, is associated with Ska.
Austin, Texas is part of Williamson County, Texas where the largest city is Round Rock and Georgetown., Austin, Texas is part of Williamson County, Texas where the largest city is Round Rock and Georgetown.
Barack Obama, l'universitéireacht Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in Gran Bretagna. Is é l'universitéireacht African Americans degli Stati Uniti, where Barack Obama and Barack Obama are an ethnic group., L'universitéireacht Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in Gran Bretagna, y compris l'universitéireacht Belga.
Amarillo, Texas e' part of Potter County, Texas, in the U.S. Washington D.C., Amarillo, Texas e' part of Potter County, Texas, in the U.S. USA, is part of Potter County, Texas, and Washington D.C., Amarillo, Texas e' part of Potter County, Texas, in the U.S.
Claude Bartolone, Claude Bartolone, is a leader in France. C'est le haghaidh dei Barny Cakes and gérard Larcher., Claude Bartolone, Claude Bartolone, f'en France, c'est l'agglomération dei Barny Cakes et Gérard Larcher., Claude Bartolone, Claude Bartolone, b'en France, grâce à Gérard Larcher.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House, located in U.S. Route 83, is a National Register of Historic Places reference number 88006639., Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House, located in U.S. Route 83 was a National Register of Historic Places Reference number 88002395., Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House, located in U.S. Route 83 has a national Register of
The Antares rocket, a launch site in Vandenberg Air Force Base, is comparable à Delta II, y compris le Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport., The Antares rocket, a launch site in Vandenberg Air Force Base, and it was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, which is comparable a Delta II.
The Akron Summit Assault is operated by Denzil Antonio. It has 3000 member and its full name is Akron Metro Soccer Club Summit Assault.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, which was established in 1996, is made by Mario Botta. Il'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, whose dean is Mario Botta. L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio ha 100 staff acadatifs.
Austin, Texas is in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group., Austin, Texas is in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Paul Ryan is a leader of the United States., Paul Ryan is a leader of the United States, where Paul Ryan is a leader., Paul Ryan is a leader of the United States where Paul Ryan is a leader.
L'université 1 Decembrie 1918, o Bucharest, Romania is a member of the Germans and Klaus Iohannis. L'université 1 Decembrie 1918 in Romania e chiffre un gruppo ethnique degli allmhairi tedeschi., L'université 1 Decembrie 1918 in Romania n'est l'université 1. Decembrie 1918 in Romania.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is a member of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, Brazil. It's champions are Vila Nova Ftiye Clube., Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is a member of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, Brazil. It's champions are Vila Nova Ftiye Clube., Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is a member of
Andrew White musician uses alternative rock., Andrew White musician uses alternative rock.
Bananaman, which was created by Steve Bright, is Tim Brooke-Taylor. Bananaman comes from Tim Brooke-Taylor. It has a first aired on 03.3.1983., Bananaman, a part of Tim Brooke-Taylor, attending Tim Brooke-Taylor and its first aired on 3.3.1983.
Austin, Texas has a total area of 686.0 square kilometres and a total area of 704.95 square kilometres., Austin, Texas is a total area of 686.0 square kilometres and a total area of 703.95 square kilometres., Austin, Texas has a total area of 686.0 square kilometres and a total area of 706.95 square kilometres.
Alfred Garth Jones, a member of the Labour Party (UK), was born in Manchester, England. Is part of Greater Manchester and is leader of Manchester. , Alfred Garth Jones, a member of the Labour Party (UK) is a member of the Labour Party (UK).
Aaron Boogaard, born in Canada, where the  hymn is O Canada. L'eabhrac c'était Elizabeth II. Is l'eabhrac degli esclavags, y compris l'Eabhrac II., Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where the  hymn is O Canada.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 Luglio 1907. It is located in Frederick County, Maryland, a district of Monocacy National Battlefield. The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 luglio 1907. It has a class of Historic districts in the United States., The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 juillet 1907.
1/19 is the runway name of 1/19., 1/19 is the runway name of Alfana County Regional Airport, which has an runway name 1/19.
A Long Long Way, which was followed by Faber and Faber, is published by Faber and Faber. A Long Long Way, which was preceded by Annie Dunne, where the White people are an ethnic group., A Long Long Way, which was followed by Faber and Faber, is published by Faber and Faber, is affiliated with Faber and Faber. It is followed by
Bakso, l'Indonésia is in Indonesia. Bakso, it was led by Jusuf Kalla. Bakso, l'Indonésia is part of Jakarta.
Attica, Indiana contains 783.1 inhabitants per sq km. Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana, United States. It has a total area of 4.14 sq km., Attica, Indiana (part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana), a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per sq km.
Lega Pro/A, A.C. Lumezzane plays for Lega Pro/A, which is 2014 in 2014., Lega Pro/A, A.C. Lumezzane plays for Lega Pro/A, and it has 4150 members., Lega Pro/A, A.C. Lumezzane plays for Lega Pro/A.
A Long Long Way is located in Europe, where Faber and Faber are an ethnic group of White people. It was followed by The Secret Scripture., A Long Long Way is located in Ireland, where Faber and Faber are an ethnic group of White people.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy, Fiat Croma. It is a member of Alfa Romeo 164 and Lancia Spartak. Is a motocicle de Fiat Croma., Lancia anaman Alfa Romeo 164 operated in Italy, it is a fusion of Alfa Romeo 164 et Fiat Croma.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen., Adam Maher, who was born in Diemen, diemen.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Baku. It has matériel rouge granite and white marble., The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Baku.
Mae Addis Ababa, o Addis Ababa, is part of Addis Ababa Stadium, Addis Ababa, o Addis Ababa, o Addis Ababa, o Halemariam Desalegn., Mae Addis Ababa in Addis Ababa, o Addis Ababa, o Addis Ababa, o Addis Ababa, o Hailemariam Desalegn. Mae Addis
The Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka. It has architectural style Tudor Revival and was acheved in 1931.
The University of Texas at Austin is a member of the University of Texas System, where Gregory L Fenves was president. Is a member of the University of Texas at Austin in Dallas. It competed in Big 12 Conference and has a member of the University of Texas System.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S.), where African Americans are an ethnic group., Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S.). Is part of Georgia (U.S.) where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase, operated by the United States Air Force and fought in Operation Enduring Freedom., Al Asad airbase was operated by the United States Air Force which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom., Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff, a moyenne de 737 an université; it was established in 1928., The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association. L'Université Eorpaigh is affiliated with the European University Association., The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University operated in 1928
Ajoblanco, y compris an ingredient in Ajoblanco, is a beignet per l'Espagne. Ajoblanco comes from Spain. Il n-ainm degli Ajoblanco, y compris l'Ajo Blanco., Ajoblanco, y compris l'Ajoblanco, can be used as l'Ajo Blanco.
Amdavad ni Gufa, which is located in Gujarat, India. Amdavad ni Gufa, situated in Gujarat, India. Ilalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, vicino CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road, is located in Ahmedabad., Amdavad ni Gufa, which is located in Gujarat, India. Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, vicino CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University
The California is a country in the United States., The California is a country in the United States., The California is a country in the United States.
Bionico e'n it is a dessert. Bionico e'n it has a variation of Honey, ma c'est delizieux., Bionico e'n it is a dessert.
Elliot See, a St. Louis, died in St. Louis, on 28th February 1966, was sélectionné by Nasa 1962., Elliot See, a St. Louis, died in St. Louis, and died in St. Louis.
Mae's Spanish is the language of Mexico., Mae's Spanish is the language of Mexico., Mae's Spanish is the language of Mexico.
Aintilli, California has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres and a total area of 75.324 sq km., Aintilli, California ha a total area of 925, a total area of 75.324 sq km. It has a total area of 75.324 sq km., Aintilli, California ha a total area of 925, a total area of 75.324 sq km. it has a total
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia., Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia during 1987 and is a member of Atlanta, Georgia., Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia.
L'Angola International Airport serves Luanda in Luanda, it has 159 elevations above sea level in Metres., L'Angola International Airport serves Luanda and is 159 elevations above sea level in Metres., L'Angola International airport serves Luanda en Luanda, it has 159 elevations above sea level in Metres. It has 159 elevations above sea level in Metres., L'Angola International Airport 
Alvah Sabin, a member of Whig Party (United States), is a member of Whig Party., Alvah Sabin, a member of Whig Party (United States) is a member of Whig Party.
Asilomar Conference Grounds added to the National Register of Historic Places in Pacific Grove, California. It has a référence number 87000920 and it is operated by the National Register of Historic Places in 1913., Asilomar Conference Grounds added to the National Register of Historic Places in Pacific Grove, California. It has a référence number 87003084 and it has a référence number 
A.F.C. Fylde is a community of 3180) and has 3180] membres.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark, where Marriott International is a tenant. It has 23 floors., L'AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark, where Marriott International is a tenant. It has 23 floors. , L'AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark, where Marriott International is a tenant.
Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County, Georgia., The Fulton County, Georgia is Atlanta.
 110 Lydia a periapsis is 53001600000000000. It has an orbital period of 142603000.0, it has an orbital period of 142603000.0.,  110 Lydia a periapsis is 60361600000000000. It has an orbital period of 142603000.0. It has an orbital period of 142603000.0. It has an epoch date 31 December 2006.
Adam Koc, a nationalità polacco-sovietica, f'était in Polonia. L'armée polacco-Sovietica is Leon Trotsky., Adam Koc, a nationalità polacco-Sovietica, f'appartiens Polacco-Sovietica, f'etait en Poland.
A.C. Lumezzane e' la stagione 2014-15 Lega Pro., A.C. Lumezzane e' la stagione 2014-15 Lega Pro., A.C. Lumezzane e' la stagione 2014-15 Lega Pro.
The ISBN number of A Glastonbury Romance is 0-7156-3648-0., A Glastonbury Romance has a media type in Hardcover, y has a ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0. It has a ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0., A Glastonbury Romance has a media type in Hardcover and has a ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0., A Glastonbury Romance
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of the New Democracy (Greece) is in office while Antonis Samaras was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis., Adonis Georgiadis, a member of the New Democracy (Greece) has blue and its successor was Konstantinos MitsSpartakis.
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is 14L/32R.
Ace Wilder, who was born in Svezia, is a solo singer. Ace Wilder's background is solo singer., Ace Wilder, who was born in Svezia, is a solo singer. Ace Wilder has a solo singer.
AZAL PFK, which is a ground of AZAL Arena, was a member of the Azerbaijan Premier League, where Qarabag FK and Qarabag FK are champions., AZAL PFK, which is a ground of AZAL Arena, is a leader of the Azerbaijan Premier League, where Qarabag FK is a member of the Azerbaijan Premier League.
Akeem Priestley plays for FK Mughan., Akeem Priestley plays for FK Mughan., Akeem Priestley plays for FK Mughan.
B.M. Reddy, l'Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. L'Acharya Institute of Technology has its president B.M. Reddy. Is a member of the Visvesvaraya Technological University., B.M. Reddy, l'Acharya Institute of Technology (in India) is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Adare Manor, a part of the Republic of Ireland, is a member of the Adare Manor., Adare Manor, a part of the Republic of Ireland, is a member of the Adare Manor., Adare Manor, a part of the Republic of Ireland, is a member of the Adare Manor.
Arlington, Texas e's part of Tarrant County, Texas. Austin is part of Tarrant County, Texas. Houston is the largest city in Texas., Arlington, Texas e's part of Tarrant County, Texas.
Ayam penyet is a member of Java where Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups. Is i Singapore, o Singapour, y compris le Banyumasan people., Ayam penyet is a member of Java where Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups. It is a member of Java where Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups., Ayam penyet is 
1101 Clematis contains periapsis 445895000000.0., 1101 Clematis contains periapsis 445895000000.0., 1101 Clematis contains periapsis 445895000000.0.
The building of Adare Manor was 1700., The building of Adare Manor is 1700.
L'Albatros Versus the Evil Librarians is in the United States, where Washington DC and Washington D.C. are an ethnic group of African Americans., L'Albatros Versus the Evil Librarians is in the United States, whose capital is Washington D.C. It is part of the United States, where there are an ethnic group of African Americans., L'Albatros Versus the Evil Librarians
Abel Hernández played for the Uruguay Olympic football team., Abel Hernández formerly plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team.
Garth Nix, Aenir has a ISBN number 45644811 and its editor is Garth Nix., Aenir has a ISBN number 45644811 and it was published by Garth Nix.
Albany, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S.), where Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. and one of its ethnic groups is Asian Americans., Albany, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S.), where Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, a leader is Albuquerque City Council., Albuquerque, New Mexico, a leader is Albuquerque City Council., Albuquerque, New Mexico, a leader is Albuquerque City Council.
Aleksandra Kovac, y compris Kornelije Kovač, is associated with Kornelije Kovač. Aleksandra Kovac's genre pop music., Aleksandra Kovac, y compris Kornelije Kovač, was associated with Kornelije Kovač and Kornelije Kovač.
Agnes Kant, l'envergure devrait s'occuper de Mark Rutte, o Emile Roemer., Agnes Kant, l'envergine de vantaggio dei Paesi Bassiens, a bhfuil Marc Rutte and Emile Roemer, f'était l'envergure degli Stati Unitis. , Agnes Kant, l'envergine de Dariens,
AZAL PFK, which has 3500 membres, is part of AZAL Arena. Il y compris 3500 membres, a fháil degli AZAL PFK in Azerbaïdjan Premier League, il y compris 3500 membres. , AZAL PFK, a fháil degli AZAL PFK en Azerbaïdjan Premier League, bhí 3500 membres, a fháil degli Qarabag FK, a fháil de
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a country in the United States., A Fortress of Grey Ice is a country in the United States.
Adam Holloway, who was born in Kent, is a member of Parliament for Gravesham. Adam Holloway became actively fought on 5 Meitheamh 2005, i Grenadier Guards., Adam Holloway became a member of Parliament for Gravesham and his Alma mater is Magdalene College Cambridge. Adam Holloway became actively fought on 5 Meitheamh 2005, agus marescial
Allan Shivers fought in World War II., Allan Shivers fought in World War II.
Frangipane is a frangipane ingredient in Bakewell pudding, a variation of Bakwell tart, a barbecue-pudding, a mescolant de la Derbyshire Dales., Barbecue-pudding (barbecue-pudding), a barbecue-pudding originated from Derbyshire Dales, i Derbyshire Dales, y compris le Frangipane ingredient., Barbecue-
Aaron Deer, a solo singer, is Psychedelia. He originated in Indiana and has an background of Psychedelia., Aaron Deer, a solo singer, was Psychedelia.
Alfred Garth Jones, a led by Boris Johnson, died in Sidcup., Alfred Garth Jones, a led by Boris Johnson, died in Sidcup, Sidcup, Sidcup., Alfred Garth Jones, a led by Boris Johnson, died in Sidcup, Sidcup, Sidcup., Alfred Garth Jones, a led by Boris Johnson, died in Sidcup, Sidcup, Sidcup.
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 membres., The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 membres.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, e'r in Uruguay, is a governed by Raul Fernando Sendic Rodríguez. Allora, Alfredo Zitarrosa, died in Montevideo, Argentina, where Daniel Martínez (politique) and Daniel Martínez was a leader of Uruguay.
The Bananaman is broadcasted by the TVV., Bananaman is a radiodiffused by the TVV., Bananaman, a radiodiffused by the TVV.
3Arena, which is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, operated by Live Nation Entertainment. It is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Audi e-tron is a division of Audi e-tron., Audi e-tron is a division of Audi e-tron.
Aaron Turner, a genre de Black metal, is black metal. He e's music fusion genre of Death metal., Aaron Turner, a genre de Black metal, can be found in guitar Electric guitar, and fought in Death Metal.
Ayam penyet s'installe in Java u Banyumasan people. It is also located in Malaysia and Singapore., Ayam penyet s'installe in Java u Banyumasan people, it has an ethnic group of Banyumasan people. It can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore.
Mae's Finland is the language of Sami languages., Mae's Finland is the language of Sami languages., Mae's Finland is the language of Sami languages.
Aaron Boogaard, who was born in Regina, Saskatchewan, is a member of Wichita Thunder., Aaron Boogaard, who was born in Regina, Saskatchewan, plays for Wichita Thunder.
The ethnic group of Philippines is the Pangasinensis people., La pénitenciers in Philippines are an ethnic group of Pangasinensis.
Alan B Miller Hall which was owned by College of William & Mary, is operated by the College of William & Mary. It has 30 March 2007.
Stuart Parker e'r footballer, whose leader is Gordon Marsden, ma'r FC Blackpool. Is a member of A.F.C. Blackpool, a club in KV Mechelen, a former manager de Chesterfield F.C. and Gordon Marsden.
250 Delaware Avenue a floor area of 30843.8 square metres, and it has 12 surfaces. It is architectural style de postmodern architecture in janvier 2014., 250 Delaware Avenue a floor area of 30843.8 square metres, a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Randall County, Texas. It includes Native Americans in the United States., Amarillo, Texas (part of Randall County, Texas) is part of Randall County, Texas.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, whose leader is Tabaré Vázquez, died in Montevideo, Uruguay., Alfredo Zitarrosa, whose leader is Tabaré Vázquez, e'monym degli Uruguayans., Alfredo Zitarrosa, whose leader is Tabaré Vázquez, was born in Montevideo, Uruguay.
New York City, New York City, a New Netherland is part of Manhattan., New York City, New York City, a New Netherland is part of Manhattan.
Mae Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Oladipo Diya is the successor of Mike Akhigbe., Mae Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while il Vicepresidente, Mike Akhigbe and Oladipo Diya were succeeded by Atiko Abubakar.
A Glastonbury Romance is a media type print. It has a ISBN number of 00-7156-3648-0., A Glastonbury Romance is a media type print. It has a ISBN number 00-7156-3648-0., A Glastonbury Romance is a media type print, it has a ISBN number 00-7156-3648-0.
The Administrative Science Quarterly was founded by Sara Miller McCune. It is abbreviated by Admin. Sci. Q. and its editor is SAGE Publications., The Administrative Science Quarterly was founded by Sara Miller McCune, a member of the Administrative Science Quarterly (abbreviated by Admin. Sci. Q).
A.T. Charlie Johnson, whose editor is A.T. Charlie Johnson, was published in the American Institute of Physics., A.T. Charlie Johnson, whose editor is A.T. Charlie Johnson, attended negli Stati Uniti.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana. Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana. It has 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre., Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana, Indiana, a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens and a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District., Abner W. Sibal is a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District.
J. V Jones, a ISBN number 00-7653-0633-6., J. V Jones, A Fortress of Grey Ice is published by J. V Jones, a ISBN number 00-7653-0633-6., J. V Jones, a ISBN number 00-7653-0633-6.
L'universitéal AIDS (journal) was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Elizabeth II. It is a leader of the United Kingdom in London. L'universitéal AIDS (journal) operated by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Elizabeth II.
Albennie Jones, a fusion genre jazz, is Afrobeat. Jazz originated from blues and Afrobeat., Albennie Jones, a fusion genre jazz, is Afrobeat. Jazz originated from blues and Afrobeat.
GMA New Media which is located in Quezon City, Malaysia. It has a subsidiary of the Philippine Entertainment Portal., GMA New Media which is located in Quezon City, Indonesia's industry is Entertainment and it has a subsidiary of the Philippine Entertainment Portal. , GMA New Media which is located in Quezon City, Philippines.
Sausage is an ingredient in bacon Explosion which originates from the United States., Sausage is an ingredient in bacon Explosion which originates from the United States., Sausage is an ingredient in bacon Explosion which originates from the United States., Sausage is an ingredient in bacon Explosion which originates from the United States.
Aenir has a ISBN number 45644811]., Aenir has a ISBN number 45644811].
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka is in Karnataka. It's west is Arabian Sea and it's west is Arabian Sea., The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka is in Karnataka.
Anders Osborne, a Galactic musician Anders Osborne, is associated with Tab Benoit and Tab Benoit. Is a band rock musician Anders Osborne, whose genre is rock musician Billy Iuso., Anders Osborne, a Galactic musician Anders Osborne, performs rock musician Billy Iuso et Tab Benoit.
 107 Camilla, which was discovered by N.R. Pogson., 107 Camilla is discovered by N.R. Pogson.
The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works, which has 12 km above sea level., The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works, which has 12 km above sea level., The Antwerp International airport is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works, which has 12 km above sea level.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is a Danmhairg., The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is a Danmhairg., The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is a Danmhairg., The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is a Danmhairg.
Bhajji, which is part of Karnataka in India, where Narendra Modi and Vajubhai Vala are leaders., Bhajji comes from Karnataka in India, where Narendra Modi and Vajubhai Vala are leaders., Bhajji comes from Karnataka in India, whose leader is Narendra Modi and Vajubhai Vala.
Hypermarcas, which is manufactured by Pharmaceuticals, is produced by cosmetici., Hypermarcas, a thème de l'industrie pharmaceutiques, is produced by Pharmaceuticals, and it comes from  cosmétiques., Hypermarcas, a hauteur de l'industrie pharmaceutiques, is in cosmetici., Hypermarcas, a hauteur de l'
Baked Alaska is from New York in the United States, where Baked Alaska is an ingredient of Sponge Cake., Baked Alaska is from New York in the United States, where Baked Alaska is an ingredient of Sponge Cake., Baked Alaska is from New York in the United States, where Baked Alaska is an ingredient of Sponge Cake., Baked Alaska is from New York in the United States
The ISBN number of A Glastonbury Romance is 0-7156-3648-0. The ISBN number of A Glastonbury Romance has 76798317 and it has a ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0., A Glastonbury Romance, which has a mediaType de hardcover, has a ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0. It has a ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0., A Glastonbury Romance
Andrew White is a member of the band Marry Banilow and performer alternative rock., Andrew White is a member of the band Marry Banilow and performer alternative rock., Andrew White is a member of the band Marry Banilow and performer alternative rock., Andrew White is a member of the band Marry Banilow and performer alternative rock.
Il AIDS (journal) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and Wolters Kluwer. Is a member of Wolters Kluwer, whose parent company was Wolters Kluwer. Il AIDS (journal) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins et David Cameron.
A Severed Wasp is a country in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans., A Severed Wasp is a country in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans. A Severed Wasp is a country.
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire on 18th 1923, and died in California. Alan Shepard is a member of the Department of Commerce Gold Medal (United States Navy) as a test pilot. He became a member of the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy), a member of the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. It has a member of the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy)
Al Anderson, a band NRBQ, is associated with the Wildweeds. Al Anderson, a band NRBQ, was associated with the Wildweeds., Al Anderson, a band NRBQ, has a band NRBQ and its musical artist The Wildweeds.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. It is led by T. S. Thakur and Gujarat Legislative Assembly., Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. It is led by T. S. Thakur et Gujarat Legislative Assembly., Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India.
Aleksandra Kovač, who was born in Belgrade, is a solo singer Aleksandra Kovač. Is a solo singer Aleksandra Kovač.
3Arena a Dublin is located in Dublin, Poblacht na Repubblica Irlande. It is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and críona Ní Dhálaigh., 3Arena a Dublin is located in Dublin, Poblacht na Repubblica Irlande. Críona Ní Dhálaigh is a member of Live Nation Entertainment., 3Arena a Dublin is located in Dublin, Poblacht na Repubblica Irlande.
Trane, which is founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin, was a subsidiario. Trane has 29000 employs.
Alfredo Zitarrosa e's genre of Milonga music., Alfredo Zitarrosa is a member of Milonga music.
 Abradab, a solo singer, is a solo singer.,  Abradab, a solo singer, has a background as a solo singer.,  Abradab, a solo singer, has a solo singer.
Akron Summit Assault is a ground in Akron, Ohio, where K-W United FC is a member of the U.S. L.I.L.K.N.F. and k-W United FC are an champions., Akron Summit Assault is a ground in Akron, Ohio, where K-W United FC is a member of the U.S.L.R.P.
Austin, Texas is part of Williamson County, Texas, where the county seat de Georgetown, Texas. Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas, where the largest city is Houston., Austin, Texas (part of Williamson County, Texas) is part of Williamson County, Texas, where the county seat de Georgetown, Texas.
The periapsis of (410777) 2009 FD which was discovered by Spacewatch., The periapsis of (410777) 2009 FD which has an periapsis of 88234300.0, it is discovered by Spacewatch., The periapsis of (410777) 2009 FD which has an periapsis of 88234300.0, it was discovered by Spacewatch.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in Battle of Fredericksburg., Aaron S. Daggett fought in Battle of Fredericksburg., Aaron S. Daggett fought in Battle of Fredericksburg., Aaron S. Daggett fought in Battle of Fredericksburg and fought in Battle of Fredericksburg., Aaron S. Daggett fought in Battle of Fredericksburg.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase, which was operated by the United States Air Force and is invasion of Grenada., The United States Air Force operated by the United States Air Force and fought in Invasion of Grenada and fought in Korean War.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090., In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It has 700 postgraduate students and campus in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090., 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. Is Gujarat where Narendra Modi is the leader of Gujarat., Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. Is Gujarat where Narendra Modi is the leader of Gujarat Legislative Assembly., Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India where Narendra Modi is the leader of Gujarat.
Anders Osborne, Billy Iuso, is a member of the band rock music and Tab Benoit. Anders Osborne performs rock music and Tab Benoit.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which has a runway length of 3084.48., The Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and it has a runway length of 6036.48.
Drew Caldwell is a leader of Brandon, Manitoba., And Drew Caldwell is a leader of Brandon, Manitoba.
Allan Shivers e'r l'armée degli Stati Uniti., Allan Shivers e'r l'armée degli Stati Uniti., Allan Shivers e'r l'armée degli Stati Uniti.
Rhythm and blues is a derivative of Disco. Rhythm and blues is a derivative of Disco.
L'Atlas II, a diametro de 3.04 m, is owned by Vandenberg Air Force Base and was launched in Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36., L'Atlas II, originated from the United States, has a final vehicle on 16th March 1998. L'Atlas II, a diametro de 3.04 m, it was launched in Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36., L'Atlas II, a diametro de
Aaron Hunt, whose club is SV Werder Bremen II, plays for VfL Wolfsburg., Aaron Hunt, whose club is SV Werder Bremen II, plays for SV Werder Bremen II., Aaron Hunt, whose club is SV Werder Bremen II, plays for SV Werder Bremen II.
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown., Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown.
A.C. Chievo Verona, in Serie A, plays for Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi., A.C. Chievo Verona, in Serie A, plays for Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi., A.C. Chievo Verona, in Serie A, plays for Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi.
Izmir Monument (İzmir) is located in Turkey. It was inaugurated on 27th July 1932, it was inaugurated on 27 July 1932., Izmir Monument (Istanbul) is located in Turkey. It was inaugurated on 27 July 1932, it was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
Albuquerque, New Mexico y compris un total area of 486.2 sq km. It has a population density of 1142.3 (inhabitants per sq km) and it has a total area of 4909 sq km., Albuquerque, New Mexico y compris un total area of 486.2 sq km. It has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per sq km. It has a population density of
Buzz Aldrin, who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, a crew member Apollo 11 before 52.0 minutes., Buzz Aldrin, who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, is a crew member Apollo 11 before 52.0 minutes., Buzz Aldrin, who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, has a crew member Apollo 11 before 52.0 minutes.
Ace Wilder, who was born in Sweden on 23 July 1982, is a solo singer. Ace Wilder, who was born in Sweden on 23 July 1982, has a background come solo singer., Ace Wilder, who was born in Sweden on 23 July 1982, had a background come solo singer.
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States., Il Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Walter Baade, a student of Göttingen. Walter Baade, in Germany, was discoverer 1036 Ganymed., Walter Baade, a member of the University of Göttingen, died all'université de Göttingen.
L'universita' 1 Decembrie 1918, l'Alba Iulia, Alba Iulia, Romania is in Romania. L'Inghilterra devrait essere Klaus Iohannis, la capitale d'Alba Iulia, ta' chathair f'Alba Iulia. La monarchia c'est le Phribarest. Le Premier Ministre di Romania, tuttavia, l'Inghilterra devrait répondre à Dșia lans-
Ilfino Pescara 1936, Massimo Drago is a member of Delfino Pescara 1936., Massimo Drago plays for Delfino Pescara 1936.
The AIDAstella, operated by Costa Crociere, is owned by Costa Crociere., The AIDAstella, operated by Costa Crociere, is owned by Costa Crociere and it has Costa Crociere., The AIDAstella, operated by Costa Crociere, operated by Costa Crociere, operated by AIDA Cruises.
Aaron Deer, a genre of Psychedelia, is Psychedelia., Aaron Deer, a genre of Psychedelia, is Psychedelia.
Alessio Romagnoli, a club in A.C. Sampdoria, l'A.C. Milan is a member of Siniš Mihajlović, Silvio Berlusconi, gcommesso alessio Romagnoli, a club in U.C. Sampdoria., Alessio Romagnoli, a club in A.C. Milan, mana manager Silvio Berlusconi, Silvio Berlusconi, gcommesso alessio Romagnoli
Abner W. Sibal fought in the World War II where Chiang Kai-shek is a commander., Abner W. Sibal fought in the World War II where Chiang Kai-shek is a commander. , Abner W. Sibal fought in the World War II where Chiang Kai-shek is a commander. , Abner W. Sibal fought in the World War II where
Agusín Barboza, a parti de Gran Asuncion, gran Asuncion, Juan Afara, is a leader of Paraguay.
Albany, Georgia e' part of Dougherty County, Georgia. L'Albany, Georgia is part of Dougherty County, Georgia. Is a group ethnique degli Afro Americans., Albany, Georgia (part of Dougherty County, Georgia) is part of Dougherty County, Georgia. L'Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia. L'Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, Denmark, is established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff. L'université de Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, Denmark, y was established in 1928., L'université de Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, Denmark, operated in 1928. La School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University ha 737 academic staff. Il
Mae batchoy is in the Philippines, where Chinese Filipinos are an ethnic group., Mae batchoy is in the Philippines, where Chinese Philippines are an ethnic group., Mae batchoy is in the Philippines, where Chinese Loyalians are an ethnic group.
Marv Wolfman a won Eagle Award (comics).
Mdonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is a member of the United States Air Force which was operated by Lockheed AC-130 and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle. L'Operating Enduring Freedom, Al Asad airbase has an oibríocht organisational degli Stati Units Air Force, where McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is a member of the Lockheed AC-130., Mdonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is a member of
L'université 1 Decembrie 1918 in Romania is l'université de Romania. Klaus Iohannis, j'ai governed by Klaus Iohannis, a member of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Romania., L'université 1 Decembrie 1918 in Romania is l'université de Romania where Klaus Iohannis and Klaus Iohannis are leaders., L'université 1 Decembrie 1918 in Romania is l'université de Romania
Elliot See, who was born in Dallas, Dallas, a student of the University of Texas at Austin. He is affiliated with the University of Texas system and died in St Louis., Elliot See, who was born in Dallas, Dallas, operated by the University of Texas System and died in St Louis.
Buzz Aldrin, who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, operated by NASA i 1963. William Anders is a member of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963. He a member of Apollo 11 comes from Glen Ridge, New Jersey, and he a member of Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963., Buzz Aldrin, who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, has a
The Antwerp International Airport is owned by Flemish Region, which was operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. It has a member of the Flemish region in Antwerp., The Antwerp International airport is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works, which is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works.
L'aeroporto Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas è situato in Madrid, Spain. L'aeroporto Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas is 610.0 and it has a runway length of 3500.0., L'aeroporto Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas é situato in Madrid, Spain. L'aeroporto Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas y ha a runway length of 350
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., A.S. Roma e's play in 2014-15 Serie A. It has 70634 member and its full name is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. it has 70634 members and its full name is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. (
LCCN n'appartient Acta Mathematica Hungarica, it has an abbreviation of Acta Math. Hungar. It has an ISSN number 1589-2613., LCCN n'appartient Acta Mathematica Hungarica, it has an ISSN number 86036315, it has an ISSN number 8308426., LCCN n'appartient Acta Mathematica Hungarica, it has an ISSN number 8
Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom., Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom.
Lockheed Martin is a launch site of Atlas II in Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Lockheed Martin., Lockheed Martin is a launch site of Atlas II in Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and Lockheed Martin is a launch site of Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., Lockheed Martin is a launch site of Atlas II in Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Bacon Explosion is a main course in bacon, mae's ingredient. , Bacon Explosion is a main course in bacon, mae's ingredient. , Bacon Explosion is a main course in bacon, mae's ingredient. , Bacon Explosion is a main course in bacon, mae's ingredient. , Bacon Explosion is a main course in bacon, ma
Alan Frew e's genre rock music, it is originated from country music. It has an stylistic origins of Rock music., Alan Frew e's genre rock music and its stylistic origins are Country music.
Alan Bean, who was born in Wheeler, Texas, is a member of NASA. He operated Apollo 12 and David Scott as a member of NASA. Alan Bean, who was born in Wheeler, Texas, has a member of NASA., Alan Bean, who was born in Wheeler, Texas, became a member of NASA, had a member of NASA, a member of NASA.
John Cowper Powys was auteur of Wolf Solent., John Cowper Powys was auteur of Wolf Solent, John Cowper Powys.
Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom, Elizabeth II.
Arlington, Texas e's part of Tarrant County, Texas. Fort Worth, Texas and Houston is the largest city in Texas., Arlington, Texas e's part of Tarrant County, Texas e's part of Tarrant County, Texas.
The ACM Transactions on Information Systems, which is abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. It has an academic discipline of Computer Science and it has an SSN number 1048-4075., The ACM Transactions on Information Systems (abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst). The ACM Transactions on Information Systems are abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. It has an 
The ALCO RS-3 is 17068.8 millimetres, a cylindre de 12 km/h, a cylindre de 12 km/h. L'abbrication de May 1950-August 1956, l'abbrication de l'Associazione Locomotive Americana. Il cylindre de 12 km/h, l'abbrication de l'Associazione Locomotive Americana., L'abbrication de 
 Potter County, Texas is in Texas.,  Potter County, Texas is in Texas.
Aerfort Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the United States. It has Texan an deonym of Texan., Aerfort Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Illinois, where Texan is denonym to Texan., Aerfort Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Stáit Uniti.
Abel Hernández, a member of Hull City A.F.C. is a football club in Peñarol and Steve Bruce. Abel Hernández, a member of Hull City A.F.C. Is a club en Peñarol., Abel Hernández, a member of Hull City A.F.C. C'est un club de Hull City A.F.C.
In Addis Ababa City Hall, Addis Ababa city Hall, is 42 m. It has 42 m l'hauteur., It has 42 m l'hauteur degli Addis Ababa City Hall, Addis Ababa City Hall, which has 42 m l'hauteur., The Addis Ababa City Hall, Addis Ababa City Hall, had 42 m l'hauteur in Addis Ababa City Hall
The Honda is a division of Acura. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, Denmark, is affiliated with European University Association. It has 737 academic staff. The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark, where 737 תלמידs are 16 000 studenti., The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was affiliated with European University Association, where 737 studenti were 16 000 studenti.
Audi A1 is assembled by Audi Brussels., The Audi A1 is assembled by Audi Brussels.
Azerbaidjan, Artur Rasizade is a ceannaire de chuid an tAzerbaidjan. Is é l'orpháirtíocht na hAzerbaijan agus bhí sé ina nGrúpa Gnóthaí Ottomana Uachtarán ar Azerbaïdjan. Il Memorial Turchia Uachtarán ar Azerbaïdjan atá dírithe do soldati d'Armée Armënie a tugadh sa Battle of Baku
Atlanta, a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre, has a total area code 404, 678, 470 and 347.1 sq km., Atlanta, a total area code 404, 678, 470, is 347.1 sq km. A population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square0000., Atlanta, a total area code 404, 678, 470, it has a total area of 347.1 sq km. It has 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State. Abdulsalami Abubakar was a Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria).
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Overland Campaign., Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Overland Campaign.
The Battle of Fredericksburg is part of the American Civil War., The Battle of Fredericksburg is part of the American Civil War.
Mae'r aere'r Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is a 3rd runway surface type de Poaceae, y compris Monocotyledon., Mae'r aere'r Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is a 3rd runway surface type de Poaceae, y compris Monocotyledon., Mae'r aere'r Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is a
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center, Marriott International. It has 23 floors and it was designed by Marriott International.
Abilene, Texas is part of Taylor County, Texas, where Washington D.C. is the capital and Washington D.C., Abilene, Texas is part of Taylor County, Texas, where Washington D.C. is the capital.
Anaheim, California e's leader of Anaheim, California is the United States House of Representatives., Anaheim, California (l'U.S. House of Representatives) is part of the United States Congress.
Aleksandre Guruli, a club is FC Karpaty Lviv, Oleh Luzhny. Il footballer Aleksandre Guruli, a member of FC Tafi Lviv, Olah Lublanco. Is l'Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium and f'Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium., Aleksandre Guruli, a manager de FC Karpaty Lviv, Oleh LuSpartak, y plays for FC Rapaty Lviv
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon, where the capital is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States., Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon, where the capital is Washington D.C.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made from granite and white marble., The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made from granite and white  Granite.
Aenir followed by Aenir a currency above the Veil., Aenir followed by Aenir a currency above the Veil., Aenir followed by Aenir a currency above the Veil.
Ayam penyet is a member of Java where Banyumasan people are led by Halimah Yacob. Il y compris il y compris le Banyumasan people., Ayam penyet is a member of Java where Banyumasan people are led by Halimah Yacob. It is a member of Java where Ayam penyet is a member of Banyumasan people., Ayam penyet is a member
Meyer Werft was built by Meyer Werft., Meyer Werft was built by Meyer Werft.
Aenir e'r preceded by Castle (novel) in Battle, followed by The Violet Keystone., Aenir e'r preceded by Castle (novel) in Battle, followed by The Violet Keystone. Aenir e'r preceded by Castle.
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 membres, a full name is Amegiação Sportiva Arapiraquense., The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's full name is Amegiação Sportiva Arapiraquense.
Alan Bean, who was born in Wheeler, Texas, is a member of Apollo 12 and David Scott. He fought in UT Austin, B.S. 1955. Alan Bean, whose Alma mater is UT Austin, B.S. 1955., Alan Bean, who's alma mater is UT Austin, B.S. 1955.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, whose leader in Uruguay e' Tabaré Vázquez, died in Montevideo., Alfredo Zitarrosa, whose leader in Uruguay e' Tabaré Vázquez, defeadh in Montevideo, e' Daniel Martínez (politician).
Albuquerque, New Mexico, is a member of the United States., Albuquerque, New Mexico, is a member of the Americans.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for PAS Tehran F.C., Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for PAS Tehran F.C.
Humphrys, Tennant agus Dykes is located in Deptford., Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes are located in Deptford. Its power type is Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes., Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes are located in Deptford.
Trane has a net revenue of 10264000000, a chiffre d'affaires de 560300000., Trane has a net revenue of 556300000, a chiffre d'affaires de 29000 employs., Trane has a net revenue of 10264000000, a chiffre d'affaires de 560300000, a chiffre d'affaires de 29000.
Albert Jennings Fountain, who was born in Staten Island, New Mexico Territory., Albert Jennings Fountain, who was born in Staten Island, United States, died in New Mexico Territory and died in New Mexico Territory., Albert Jennings Fountain, who was born in Staten Island, U.S.
The epoch date of 1001 Gaussia is 27th June 2015, Sergey Belyavsky. Its periapsis was 419113394 55312 km/km., The epoch date of 1001 Gaussia is 27th June 2015, Sergey Belyavsky and its periapsis has 41911339460312 km/m.
Chinabank, which was founded in Insular Government of the Philippine Islands, is operated by a Public company., Chinabank, which was founded in Insular Government of the Philippine Islands, was founded in Insular Government of the Philippine Islands., Chinabank, who was founded in Insular Government of the Philippine Islands, was founded in Insular Government of the Philippine Islands.
Bakso, l'Indonésia is in Indonesia. Bakso, l'Indonésia is part of Jusuf Kalla. Bakso, l'Indonésia is led by Jusuf Kalla.
Sweet potato is a division of the Flowering Plant., Sweet potato is a division of the Flowering Plant., Sweet potato is a division of the Flowering Plant., Sweet potato is a division of the Floring Plant.
Alex Plante, who was born in Manitoba, 1989, played for Anyang Halla., Alex Plante, who was born in Manitoba, 1989, is a member of Anyang Halla., Alex Plante, who was born in Manitoba, 1989, plays for Anyang Halla.
 Agnes Kant risiede nei Paesi Bass.,  Agnes Kant risiede negli Paesi Bass.
Adenan Satem, a student of Adelaide., Adenan Satem, a member of University of Adelaide.
Ajoblanco, a grantur de Andalusia, is o felipe VI of Andalusia, Susana Diaz. Ajoblanco, a Grantur de Andalusia, l'Espagne in Spain, j'est o felipe VI., Ajoblanco, a grantur de Andalusia, y Felipe VI d'Andalousia, g'eh ben Susana Diaz. Ajoblanco, a grantur de
Alkmaar Zaantiye, AZ Alkmaar is a full name of Alkmaar ZaanSpartak. It has 17023] member.
VIAG is a IATA identifier in Agra Airport, India. It is operated by the Indian Air Force. Its IATA identifier is VIAG., Agra Airport has l'IATA identifier VIAG and it is operated by the Indian Air Force. The IATA identifier is VIAG., Agra Airport is operated by the Indian Air Force. It is operated by the Indian Air Force. His IATA identifier is VIA
The AIDS journal is a member of Orthoretrovirinae and it has an academic discipline in HIV., The AIDS journal is a member of Orthoretrovirinae, which has an academic discipline in HIV.
Alfons Gorbach, a breith in Imst, Austrian German, is l'Austrian German. Allora, Alfons Gorbach, a breith in Imst, imst, Graz., Alfons Gorbach, a breith in Imst, Amst, Austrian German, ha breith in Imst, Austrian German., Alfons Gorbach, a breith in Imst, Imst, Austrian German, die
A.S. Livorno Calcio, manager A.S. Livorno Calcio, coach Christian Panucci, is a member of Genoa C.F.C. and football club Real Madrid C.F..
The A.F.C. Fylde is a ground in thefyllde., The A.F.C. Fylde is a ground in the flyde.
The Bandeja paisa is a chorizo ingredient in bandeja paisa., Bandja paisa is a chorizo ingredient in bandeja paisa.
Elliot See, a St. Louis, was born in Dallas on 23 July 1927, a member of the University of Texas System and died in St. Louis., Elliot See, a defunted in St. Louis, is a member of the University of Texas system and died in St. Louis.
Aerfort Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Stáit Aontaithe. It is l'aerfort of Houston, United States., Aerfort Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Stáit Aontaithe.
Alvah Sabin, a defunted in Sycamore, Illinois, fought in Vermont, il 3rd arrondissement of Vermont. L'immense city di Vermont is Burlington, Vermont. Alvah Sabin, a defunted in Sycamore, Illinois., Alvah Sabin, a defunted in Sycamore, Illinois, fought in Vermont, Irmont.
Dodge Coronet, 1955 Dodge is a body style de Hardtop. Il Dodge Coronet has un moteur V8 and f'un moteur V8., Dodge Coronet, 1955 Dodge was a body style de Hardtop.
Lem, l'ordinaire de Bandeja paisa is Rutaceae. L'ingrédient de Bandeja paisa in Paisa region of Paisa region. Il grange bandeja paisa comes from Rutaceae and it has Rosids.
Atlantic County, New Jersey is a country in the United States., Atlantic County, New Jersey is a country in the United States.
L'Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. It has the runway name of South Runway., L'Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola.
Rhythm and blues is originated from Blues., Rhythm and blues is originated from Blues.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in New York City, United States, a member of the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare. Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was succeeded by John N Dempsey, died in New York City., Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in New York City, is a member of the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare.
Aleksandr Chumakov e'r manager Valery Petrakov, Aleksandr Tukmanov. Il football club FC Torpedo Moscow in 2014-15 Russian Premier League., Aleksandr Chumakov e'r manager Valery Petrakov, Aleksandr Tukmanov e'r a member of FC Torpedo Moscow in 2014-15 Russian Premier League. , Aleksandr Chumakov e'r manager Valery Petrakov is Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandr Prudnikov e'n football club FC Spartak Moscow. Aleksandr Prudnikov, who was born on 24th February 1989, is a member of FC Kovan Krasnodar., Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kovan Krasnodar.
Abel Caballero, who was born in Ponteareas, Spain, e fought in Ponteareas., Abel Caballero, who was born in Ponteareas, Galicia (Espagne) and became part of Ponteareas., Abel Caballero, who was born in Ponteareas, Andalusia.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, where Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States., Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, where Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States., Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, where Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Binignit is a grantur de ta' banana, y compris an ingredient Sweet potato., Binignit is a grantur de ta' banana, y compris un ingredient sweet potato., Binignit is a grantur de ta' banana.
Mae Akhigbe was a predecessor of Oladipo Diya., Mae Akhigbe was a predecessor de Mike Akhigbe, Oladipo Diya.
John M. O Dawson, a breitheamh in Marietta, Ohio, Agnes Ward White, a breithiúnas Albert B. White, a breithniú in Parkersburg, West Virginia, agus William M. O Dawson, a breithiúnas Alan M. O Dawson., Albert B. White was born in Bloomington, Maryland, a breithiúnas Agnes Ward White, a breith
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It's west of Cumberland County, Maryland, Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania., The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, Franklin County, Pennsylvania, which is located in Cumberland County, Maryland, where the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument
Austin, Texas is part of Travis County, Texas., Austin, Texas is part of Travis County, Texas in the United States., Austin, Texas (part of Travis County, Texas) is part of Travis County, Texas.
Arròs negre is a Squid ingredient in Arròs negre, Spain., Arròs negre is a Squid ingredient in Arròs negre, Spain., Arròs negre is a Squid ingredient in Arròs negre, Spain., Arròs negre is a Squid ingredient in Arròs negre.
Allan Shivers, who was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 Port Arthur, is a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 Port Arthur., Allan Shivers, who was succeeded by Ben Ramsey, was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 Port Arthur.
Addiction (journal) is a abbreviated to Addiction. It's n number is 0965-2140., Addiction (journal) is a bbreviated to Addiction, it has an abbreviated to Addiction. It's n number is 3084-2140., Addiction (journal) is a bbreviated to Addiction.
Alan Bean, who was born in Wheeler, Texas, is a member of NASA. Alan Bean, who was retired on 15 March 1932, operated Apollo 12. He has a member of NASA and a member of NASA as a pilot test pilot.
Il Memorial Turchia Turkurgica Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaïdjan. Il named Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner, il Memorial Turchia turkurgica Anîtarti., Il Memorial Turchia Turkurgica Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaïdjan. Il Memorial Turchia turca Martyrs' Memorial is called Hüseyin Btiyeler et Hilmi Gül
Wiley-Blackwell is a publication of Addiction journal.,  Wiley-Blackwell is a publication of Addiction Journal.
Lancia Spartak, Lancia tiye in Italy, Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled by Rome. Il'y compris la capitale di Roma, il'y compris l'Ilancia Thema., The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled by Rome, it has a liaison with Lancia anaman.
1101 Clematis, a periapsis is 445895000000.0., 1101 Clematis, a periapsis has 445895000000.0., 1101 Clematis, a periapsis was 445895000000.0., 1101 Clematis, a periapsis is 445895000000.0.
The United Kingdom is a leader of the United Kingdom, where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders. Is a member of the U.S. L.A.L.I.
(66063) 1998 RO1, which has an epoch date of 4th July 2013, is 0.0999 km/s., (66063) 1998 RO1, which has an epoch date of 4th July 2013, has an epoch date of 4th July 2013. It has an escape velocity of 0.0999 km/s., (66063) 1998 RO1, which has an epoch date of 4th
Anaheim, California a total area of 131.6 sq km. It has an elevation above sea level de 48., Anaheim, California a total area of 131.6 sq km.
Airey Neave s'engaged in the World War II and fought in 1953-06-27., Airey Neave fought in the World War II and fought in 1953-06-27. , Airey Neave fought in the World War II and fought in 1953-06-27. , Airey Neave fought in the World War II and fought in 1953-06-27. , Airey Neave fought in the World War II and fought in 1953
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in New Britain, Connecticut, is a member of the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group., Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in New Britain, Connecticut, is a member of the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
John Roberts is a leader of the United States, where 250 Delaware Avenue is located. It has 250 Delaware Avenue in the U.S., John Roberts is a leader of the United States where 250 Delaware Avenue is located. John Roberts is a leader of the United States where 250 Delaware Avenue is located., John Roberts is a leader of the United States where 250 Delaware Avenue is located.
Maemay s'endú de Shumai., Maemay s'endú de Shumai, mae may s'endú de Shumai., Maemay s'endú de Shumai.
The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard., The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard., The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard., The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.
Alfons Gorbach, who was born in Imst, is a member of Tyrol., Alfons Gorbach, who was born in Imst, and died in Graz.
Binignit, i Filippine, is un ingredient in Binignit. Is delizieux ta' gran potato. Il più important ingredient in Binignit, y compris banana., Binignit, i Philippines, is d'un ingredient in Binignit, c'est delizieux ta' gran potato.
Stuart Parker, a footballer in Irlam Town F.C. A.F.C. Blackpool is manager of Stuart Parker, whose club is KV Mechelen., Stuart Parker, a footballer in Irlam Town F.C. Is manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, whose club is KW Mechelen., Stuart Parker, a footballer in Irlam Town F.C.
Philippe of Belgium is a leader in Belgio, Philippe., Philippe of Belgium's leader is Philippe of Belgium.
The A.D. Isidro Metapan, which has 10000 members, is located in Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez., A.D. Isidro Metapan, whose full name is Isidro Metapan, it has 10000 members.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a member of Montevideo, was the leader of Montevideo, Daniel Martínez., Alfredo Zitarrosa, a member of Montevideo, led by Daniel Martínez (politician)., Alfredo Zitarrosa, a member of Montevideo, died in Montevideo, is a member of Daniel Martínez., Alfredo Zitarrosa, a member of Montevideo, whose leader is Daniel 
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Tom Tomsk, a football club in the Russian Football National League., Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Tom Tomsk, a football club in the Russian Football National League., Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Tom Tomsk, a football club in the Russian Football National League., Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Tom Tomsk, a football club in the Russian Football National League.
Amsterdam- Centrum is a part of Amsterdam- centrum., Amsterdam- Centrum is a part of Amsterdam- Centrum.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaïdjan., Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaïdjan.
The Antares rocket is manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, 2013-04-21., The Antares rocket was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, 2013.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., Acta Math. Hungar. It is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is led by Richard J Berry. Albuquerque, New Mexico, in the United States., Albuquerque, New Mexico, where Richard J Berry is led by Richard J Berry.
Mae Barny Cakes n'est pas loin de France, c'est l'endroit français. C'est l'endroit franco is Gérard Larcher et Claude Bartolone.
Fiat Croma, l'Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Milan., The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Milan.
107 Camilla epochta 2006-12-31, it has an apoapsis 560937000.0 km/m. It has an periapsis 479343000.0 km/m., 107 Camilla is discovered by E. Wells and has an apoapsis 560937000.0 km/m. It has an apoapsis 560937000.0 km/m. Its periapsis 479530000.0 km/m. It has an apoapsis 560937
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the headquarters of Quattro World Trade Center., The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the headquarters of Quattro World Trade Center.
Ajoblanco, a gcuid de l'Andalousia, it is an ingredient in Ajoblanco. Il y compris l'Albanie, o l'Iodáin, u l'acqua, l'oliva oil., Il y compris l'Almonds, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil, il y compris l'Agallonsia, e l'
(66063) 1998 RO1 epochta 2013-11-04, it has an orbital period of 360.29 days. It has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km/s. Its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 km/s., (66063) 1998 RO1 epochta 2013-11-04, it has an orbital period of 360.29 days. It has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km/s. It has an
Bhangra is a bhangra music, Alan Frew's genre of rock music. L'album Rock music originated from blues and Bhangra has a solo singer.
Hypermarcas a subsidiary is Mantecorp, which has 10252 employs. Hypermarcas a bénéficier d'un total degli investimenti per l'industrie pharmaceutique, y compris 11252 employs. L'hypermarcas a bénéficier f'un total degli investissements net: 1800000000., Hypermarcas a bénéficier d'un total degli
The ISBN number of A Wizard of Mars is 318875313 and it has an ISBN number of 978-20-15-204700-2., A Wizard of Mars, a mediaType de hardcover, was published by Diane Duane. It has an ISBN number of 314107313 and an ISBN number of 978-20-15-204700-2., A Wizard of Mars, a mediaType de hardcover, has an ISBN number of 314075313 and an ISBN number of 97
In Belgaum, l'université Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. It was given the Technical Campus status by All India Council for Technical Education and it was located in Mumbai, Belgaum. Is a member of Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
Abel Hernández e'n club de football U.S. Città di Palermo, y play in Peñarol., Abel Hernández e'n club de football U.S. Citta di Palermo, y fought in Peñarol., Abel Hernández e'n club de football U.S. Citta di Palermo, y fought in Peñarol.
Pietro Grasso, Pietro Grasso, is a leader in Italy. L'A.C. Lumezzane ha un terreno degli A.C. Lumezzane., L'A.C. Lumezzane ha un terreno degli A.C. Lumezzane.
The AIDAstella was christened on 16 March 2013., The AIDAstella was christened on 16 March 2013.
Airbus Defence and Space is a parent company of Airbus Group., Airbus Defence and Space is a parent company of Airbus Group, where the Ariane 5 is manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space., Airbus Defence and Space is a parent company of Airbus Group.
Livorno Calcio S.p.A., A.S. Livorno Calcio f'appartenant a Stadio Armando Picchi in 2014-15 Serie B. It has 19238 member and its full name is Livorno Calcio S.p.A., Livorno Calcio F'appartenant a livorno Calcio f'appartenant a Stadio Armando Picchi in 2014-15 Serie B. Its full name is Livorno Calcio S.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is published by J. V. Jones, ISBN number 51969173 and ISBN number 00-7653-0633-6., J. V. Jones, ISBN number 00-7653-0633-6, ISBN number 00-7653-0633-6.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica is in abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. It has an academic discipline of mathématiques and it has an téléphone number 0236-5294., The Acta Mathematica Hungarica was abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. It has an academic discipline of mathématiques, y has an téléphone number 0236-5294., The Acta Mathematica Hungarica has
Al Anderson, a band NRBQ, was born in Windsor, Connecticut, and is associated with the Wildweeds. He became active in 1966., Al Anderson, a band NRBQ, fought in Windsor, Connecticut, has a band NRBQ as associate with the Wildweeds.
The AIDAluna is a long-class of Sphinx class Cruise Ship., The AIDAluna is a long-class of Sphinx class Cruise Ship., The AIDAluna is a long-class of Sphinx class Cruise Ship.
110 Lydia contains periapsis 377016000000.0., 110 Lydia contains periapsis 377016000000.0.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. In Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka's leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe. It has an currency of Sri Lankan rupee., Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka.
Alvah Sabin a successor was Homer Elihu Royce., Alvah Sabin a successor was Homer Elihu Royce, and his successor was Homer Elihu Royce., Alvah Sabin a successor was Homer Elihu Royce in Vermont. Alvah Sabin a successor was Homer Elihu Royce.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090., In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore, Indonesia. It's home to Beef kway teow come from Singapore., Bew kway teow come from Singapore, Indonesia, Indonesia, Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore., Bew kway teow come from Singapore, Indonesia, Indonesia.
Abilene, Texas a total area of water is 14.2 sq km/m. Abilene, Texas a density population density of 429.9 inhabitants per sq km/m., Abilene, Texas a total area of water is 14,2 sq km/m. It has 524.0 sq km/m. it has 326.5 sq km/m.
Auburn, Washington is part of King County, Washington, United States. - Auburn, Washington, D.C. Is part of King County, Washington.
18R/36L is the runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport., The runway name of Allama Iqbal International airport is 18R/36L.
Alan Martin, a footballer de Clyde F.C. is a member of Barry Ferguson and a club in Broadwood Stadium., Alan Martin, a footballer de Clyde F.C. Is a member of Barrow A.F.C., a club in Broadwood Stadium., Alan Martin, a footballer de Clyde F.C. is a member of Barry Ferguson.
Anaheim, California e' part of Orange County, California. It is led by Anaheim in the United States House of Representatives., Anaheim, California e' part of Orange County, California, and it is led by Anaheim, Illinois., Anaheim, California e' part of Orange County, California.
Frank de Boer e's manager of AFC Ajax which plays for the Ajax Youth Academy., Frank de Boer e's manager of AFC Ajax where Frank de Boer is a member of Ajax Youth Academy.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama, where Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States., Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama, where Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. and Opelika, Alabama., Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama, where Native Americans are an 
James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada, was discoverer 103 Hera., James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada, has 103 Hera.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, New Mexico, where Barack Obama is the leader. Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is a member of the U.S. A.R.A.K.I. and barack Obama is a member of the United States., Albuquerque, New Mexico, New Mexico, where Barack Obama is led by Barack Obama.
Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, Greece, operated by Minister for Health., Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, is a member of the Minister for Health.
Illinois Wilson Township, Innsylvania County, Michigan, is part of the United States., Illinois Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, is part of the United States.
Mae batchoy is an ingredient of Chicken., Mae batchoy is an ingredient of Batchoy.
N. R. Pogson, Nottingham, was born on December 31st 2006 and has an epoch date of 107 Camilla.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090., The director of Acharya Institute of Technology is Dr. G. P Prabhukumar and its campus was in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The film Baymax is Big Hero 6., The film Baymax includes Big Hero 6 and Big Hero 6.
Albany, Georgia is part of Dougherty County, Georgia, where Americans are an ethnic group in the United States., Albany, Georgia (part of Dougherty County, Georgia) is part of Dougherty County, Georgia, where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
The runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 06/24 Kaaddaan. It has a length of 2014.0 and it has a length of 3.528.
Abilene, Texas y's part of Texas., Abilene, Texas y's part of Texas.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was authored by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce et al. It has 512 pages., 1634: The Ram Rebellion is a media type of E-book and it has 512 pages.
The Alderney Airport serves Alderney city., The Alderney Airport serves Alderney city.
Alvah Sabin, a governed in Vermont, Vermont, f'appartenant à Burlington, Vermont. Alvah Sabin, who was born in Georgia, Vermont, devrait occuper le 3rd arrondissement di Vermont. Il y compris il y plus grande city en Vermont., Alvah Sabin, a governed in Vermont, Vermont, is a governed by the secrétaire d'État
Aaron Turner, a musician funky in the house of Low Culture, is associated with Mamiffer. Is l'instrument de Black metal and f'appartenant to Mamiffer., Aaron Turner, a musician funky in the House of Low Culture, was associate with Mamiffer. L'instrument de Black metal can be found in the house of Low Culture.
Arred by Gary Cohn, Gary Cohn., Arred by Gary Cohn, Gary Cohn, Paris Cullins and Paris Cullins., Arred by Gary Cohn, Gary Cohn, London Cullins, Paris Cullins., Arred by Gary Cohn, Paris Cullins, Paris Cullins, Paris Cullins., Arred by Gary Cohn, Paris Cullins, Paris Cullins,
Batagor, y compris saomay, is an ingredient in Siomay. Is a peanut sauce., Batagor, y compris saomay, it has a peanut sauce., Batagor, y compris saomay comes saomay.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Illinois, Illinois, where Douglas R Oberhelman and Douglas R Oberhelman operates AIDA Cruises. It has a power type of AIDAluna.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where Americans are one of the ethnic groups. Albany, Georgia is part of the U.S. A.R.A. and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups., Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S.
Sandesh (confectionery) is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, y compris saolfsburg pudding.
Ajoblanco, a gcuid degli utensiles d'acqua, is in Andalusia. Ajoblanco comes from Andalusia and it has an alternative name of Ajo Blanco., Ajoblanco can be found in Andalusia, a gcuid degli utensils d'eau.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, which is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas, operated by ENAIRE. L'aeroporto Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas has a runway name 18R/36L. Il y a length of 3500.0., Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, which is located
Airey Neave, a member of the World War II, fought in the World War II. Airey Neave, became active on 30th March 1979. , Airey Neave, fought in the World War II, fought in the World War II and fought in the World War II., Airey Neave fought in the World War II and fought in the World War II.
The Ariane 5 has a maiden ship on 11 August 2005.
Dan Mishkin was a comic character Bolt., Dan Mishkin was a comic character Bolt.
The Atlas II originates from the United States., The Atlas II originates from the United States.
Apollo 14 e' l'opérateur NASA., The Apollo 14 e' l'opérateur NASA.
Alan Frew, a member of the band Glass Tiger, is associated with Glass Tiger., Alan Frew, a member of the band Glass Tiger, is associated with Glass Tiger., Alan Frew, a member of the band Glass Tiger, is associated with Glass Tiger.
Alfred Worden, a commander in Apollo 12 is David Scott. Alan Bean operates Apollo 12 e's Apollo 12 which has 100305.0minutes and was a backup pilot by Alfred Worden. He fought in Space de 100305.0minutes., Alan Bean became a crew member of Apollo 12 ed Alfred Worden as a backup pilot by Alfred Worden. He fought in Space de 100305.0
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, part of the community of Madrid., Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, part of the Community of Madrid.
Julius Springer, who was founder in Acta Mathematica Hungarica, is published by Acta Mathematica Hungarica, and Julius Springer., The Acta Mathematica Hungarica operated by Acta Mathematica Hungarica, which was fonded by Julius Springer., The Acta Mathematica Hungarica originates from Acta Mathematica Hungarica, which was fondate by Julius 
Mae Rudolph, l'université de Baymax is Maya Rudolph. Il scénarios di Duncan Rouleau, mae d'Américains, y fought in Mayra Rudolph., Mae Rudolph, l'université de Baymax (duncan Rouleau) was Maya Rudolph. L'université de Baymax comes from Duncan Rouleau, mae dall'université Americana.
Al-Khor Sports Club, Al-Khor Sports Club, is a member of Al-Khor Sports Club. Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Khor Sports Club and Al-Khor Sports Club., Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Khor Sports Club, Al-Khor Sports Club, Al-Khor Sports Club, Al-Khor Sports Club.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States., The language A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, and is published by Soho Press in the United States., A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, whose language is English.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, l'Istituzione in Ticino, is istituita il 1996. Johann Schneider-Ammann, l'Académie di Architettura di Mendrisio, ha 600 studenti., L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, l'Istituzione in Ticino, l'Istituzione in Ticino, l'Albany and Johann
Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California, is located in Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California. It has the reference number 87000920., The Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California, it has an official Register of Historic Places Reference number 87000920., The Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Asilomar B
 Rodrigo Dutiye is a leader of the Philippines. 
A Wizard of Mars is a Wizard of Mars., A Wizard of Mars is a Wizard of Mars.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, Akita. It is part of Akita Territory and it has l'ethnic group de filippinas in Japan., Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, Akita, Akita, Ikita.
The Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level., The Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level.
Aaron Turner e'r band Twilight (band Twilight), is associated with Greymachine, a fusion genre de Death metal. Is a fusion genre of Black metal, a fusion genre de Death metal., Aaron Turner e'r band Twilight (band Twilight) is associated with Greymachine, a fusion genre de Death Metal and a fusion genre de Death metal.
L'arrabbiata sauce in Rome, Italy is a member of the Arrabbiata sauce. Is l'origine principale de Tomatoes, rouge chili, garlic, olive oil. It is l'orecchie arrabbiata sauce in Roma.
Aleksandre Guruli, who played for FC Karpaty Lviv, is a member of AS Lyon-Duchère., Aleksandre Guruli, who played for FC Karpaty Lviv, has a member of AS Lyon-Duchère., Aleksandre Guruli, who played for FC Karpaty Lviv, was a member of AS Lyon-Duchère., Aleksandre Guruli, who played
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl, a total name of Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl. It has 55000 membres in Italy., Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl is a full name of Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl.
James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison, Wisconsin, has an epoch date of 27th July 2011, and died in Madison, Wisconsin., James Craig Watson, who was discovered by James Craig Watson, had an epoch date of 27th July 2011, and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
11/29, Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. It has a runway length of 896.0 and its runway name is 11/29., 11/29, Andrews County Airport serves Andrews, it has a runway length of 896.0 and its runway name is 11/29. Its runway name is 11/29., 11/29, Andrews County Airport serves Andrews County Airport which has a runway length
The Audi A1, which is manufactured by Audi, was constructed by Audi, a Volkswagen Polo. It has a VW Polo and a Volkswagen Polo.
The AIDAluna is a power type of Caterpillar Inc., which has Douglas R Oberhelman and Douglas R Oberhelman.
Alison O'Donnell, a flibbertigibbet, performer folk music of Ireland. Alison O'Donnell is a member of band Flibbertigibbet, artist Flibbertigibbet. Alison O'Donnell was a member of band Flibbertigibbet and began in 1963.
Alex Plante, who was born in Canada, is l'anonymat de O Canada. Is l'hymne du Canada, Elizabeth II., Alex Plante, who was born in Canada, is l'hymne de O Canada, l'hymne d'Elizabeth II. Alex Plante, who was born in Canada, is l'hymne de O Canada., Alex Plante, who was born in Canada, is 
Addiction (journal) a bbreviated to Addiction, it has an abbreviated to Addiction. It has an iSSN number 1360-0430., Addiction (journal) a bbreviated to Addiction, it has an iSSN number 1360-6036. It has an iSSN number 1360-0920. It has an iSSN number 1360-4075. It has an iSSN number 1360-0443
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, which was founded in Turin, Gruppo Bertone., Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, a design company is Gruppo Bertone, Torino, Italy.
Mae Baked Alaska in France, United States or China is an ingredient in Christmas pudding., Mae Baked Alaska comes from France, U.S. O.C. ou Chine.
The Acura TLX, which is a Honda K engine, was assembled by Marysville Auto Plant. It has a front-engine layout of the Acura TLX, where Honda K Engine and Honda K sedan., The Acura TLX, which is assembled by Marysville Auto Plant, manufactured by Marysville Auto Plant, operated by Marysville Auto Plant. It has a front-engine layout of the Acura TLX,
The Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. It is architectural style of Tudor and Jacabin. It is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka., The Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. It is architectural style of Tudor and Jacigbejan. It is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka., The Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka
Beef kway teow is a palm sugar in Singapore, Malaysia. It's main ingredients are Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, squelette, sechaithe black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, Lengkuas, oyster sauce, soja sauce, chilli and sesame oil., Bew kway teow is a palm sugar in Singapore, it has its main ingredients
The escape velocity of 1097 Vicia is 0.0112 km per sec. It has an apoapsis of 530092000.0 km., The escape velocity of 1097 Vicia is 0.0112 km per sec. It has an apoapsis of 410792000.0 km. It has an apoapsis of 195192000.0 km.
Robert A. M Stern, Alan B Miller Hall was a tenant of Mason School of Business and Robert A. M Stern., Alan B Miller Hall was a tenant of Mason School of Business and Robert A. M Stern is a tenant of Mason School of Business., Alan B Miller Hall was a tenant of Mason School of Business and Robert A. M Stern.
Buzz Aldrin, a pilote degli Apollo 11 is William Anders. He s'occupy da NASA in 1963, l'université Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963, l'université NASA operates Apollo 11 and became a pilot battaglione., Buzz Aldrin was a pilot cargacapelli du Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963, l'université Massachusetts Institute of Technology
 Valery Petrakov gère FC Torpedo Moscow., Valry Petrakov manager FC Torpedo Moscow.
The Atlas II originates from the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. It is a leader of the United States., The Atlas II originates from the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. it is a leader of the United States., The Atlas II originates from the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group in
10 Hygiea formerly known as A900 GA. It has an epoch date of 27 June 2015., 10 Hygiea formerly known as A900 GA, it has an epoch date of 27 June 2015., 10 Hygiea formerly known as A900 GA.
Mae's Gubbio 1910 is l'Italie, where Sergio Mattarella and Sergio Mattarella are leaders. Is l'Italie in cui abbiamo la capitale de Rome., Mae's Gubbio 1910 is l'Italie in cui became leader Sergio Mattarella ed a haïi governer A.S. Gubbio 1910 is l'Italie. Mae's Gubbio 1910 is
Mae Agustin Barboza, a breitheamh in Asunción, Juan Afara, is l'ispan de Paraguay. Is l'ispan de Paraguay where Juan Afara and Juan Afara are an ethnic group., Mae Agustin Barboza, a breitheamh in Asuncion, Juan Afara et Juan Afara comes l'ispan de Paraguay y Mestizo., Mae Agust
Mae'n mae'n binignit, y compris Solanales, is the main ingredients of Binignit., Mae'n mae'n minignit, y compris Solanales, is the main ingredients of Sweet potato., Mae'n mae'n cane'n binignit, y compris Solanales, is the main ingredients of Sweet potato., Mae'
Aleksandre Guruli, a member of FC Dinamo Bakumi, is a club in FC Minno Bakumi. Levan Khomeriki, operated by Levan Khomeriki, and it was a club in FC Dinamo Bakumi., Aleksandre Guruli, a member of FC Dinamo Bakumi, fought in FC Minno Bakumi, ma manager levan Khomeriki, a club in FC Dinamo Bakumi
The Acura TLX is a constructeur of Honda. It has a motor inline-four engine., The Acura TLX is a manufactured by Honda, and it has a motor inline-four engine.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama, in Alabama. L'Etat-Unis comes from the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group., Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama, in Alabama, in Alabama, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama, in Alabama, in 
Hugh Hazzard is a full name of Bozo the Iron Man., Hugh Hazzard is a full name of Bozo the Iron Man., Hugh Hazzard is a full name of Bozo the Iron Man.
L'aerfort Alderney, y compris an 1st runway surface type de Poaceae. L'aerfort Alderney has 733.0 metres long.
The elevation of Antioch, California is 13.0 metres above sea level., Antioch, California's elevation is 13.0 metres above sea level.
Alfredo Zitarrosa e's band member Hilario Pérez., Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hilario Pérez and Hilario Pérez.
Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaïdjan., AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaïdjan.
Rock music band Al Anderson (NRBQ) is a fusion genre of Bhangra. Is a fusion genre de rock music, a bhangra and a musical genre funky blues., Rock music band Al Anderson (NRBQ) is a fusion genre de rock music, a fusion genre de Rock music, a fusion genre de Bhangra.
Len Wein creator Aurakles, a bénéficier degli Arukles., Len Wein created Aurakles, a bénéficier degli Arukles.
In Indiana, Attica, Indiana is part of Indiana., In Indiana, Attica, Indiana e' part of Indiana.
10 Hygiea e's surface area of 837080.744 squarekilometres, it has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 km. It has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 km., 10 Hygiea e's surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres, it has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 km. It has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 km. It has an
The Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York., The Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York.
Antwerp International Airport serves Antwerp, which is located in Antwerp, Belgium. It is a city of Antwerp, where Philippe and Philippe are leaders., The Antwerp International Airport serves Antwerp, which is located in Antwerp, which is led by Philippe et Philippe., An Antwerp International Airport serves Antwerp, which is located in Antwerp, which is designed by Philippe
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, where the United States is one of the nationalities., Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, Stáit Uniti.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is a leader of Pakistan., Anwar Zaheer Jamali is a leader of Pakistan.
Arròs negre is in Catalonia. Arròs negre is part of Catalonia, Spain. L'arròs negre is saquid., Arròs negre comes from Catalonia, Spain.
3Arena which is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and operated by Live Nation Entertainment. It is located in East Link Bridge., 3Arena which is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and it is located in East Link Bridge.
Mae's language is English and the Republic of Ireland., Mae's language is English.
William Anders is a member of Apollo 11 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. Is l'université de Essex County, New Jersey, where the leader is Joe Biden and William Anders is a pilot at Apollo 11., Buzz Aldrin was a member of Apollo 11 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, which is part of Essex County, New Jersey, whose leader is Joe Biden.
John van den Brom, whose manager is AZ Alkmaar, a member of Vitesse Arnhem. John van den Brom, whose manager is AZ Alkmaar and De Graafschap., John van den Brom, whose manager is AZ Alkmaar, a member of Vitesse Arnhem, was de Graafschap., John van den Brom, whose manager is AZ Alkmaar, whose manager is AZ Alkmaar.
Alan Shepard, who died in California, was a member of the United States Navy, has an fossil fossil de Smolodon., Alan Shepard, who died in California, became a member of the United States Navy, is a member of the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy).
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, on August 1, 1923. He died in New Hampshire and became an alma mater of NWC, M.A. 1957., Alan Shepard, whose Alma mater is NWC, M.A. 1957.
San Sebastián de los Reyes e's part of Spain., San Sebastián de los Reyes e's part of Spain., San Sebastián de los Reyes e's part of Spain.
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia. Bakso, l'Indonésia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader of Indonesia.
Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib., The successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud is Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib.
11264 Claudiomaccone a periapsis of 296092000.0 km/km., 11264 Claudiomaccone a periapsis of 296410700.0 km/m., 11264 Claudiomaccone a periapsis of 296530000.0 km/m., 11264 Claudiomaccone a periapsis of 296521000.0 km/m., 11264 Claudiomaccone a periapsi
Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon singer, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin., Bacon sandwich Bacon sandwich originates from the United Kingdom and is variation of BLT. It has an alternative name in btacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon singer, piece '
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has a runway name 4/22 and it has a runway name 4/22., Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
Aleksandr Chumakov, a manager of FC Torpedo Moscow, operated by Valery Petrakov., Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow in 2014-15 Russian Premier League and Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr., who was born in Tampere, Finland, is a member of Aleksandrer Barkov Jr. It has an birth date of 9th July 1995., Aleksandrer Barkov Jr., who was born in Tampere, Finland, it has an birth date of 9th سبتمبر 1995., Aleksandrer Barkov Jr., who was born in Tampere, Finland, and his birth date was on September 2,
Akeem Priestley, who was born in Jamaica, is Patrick Allen (politician) and Elizabeth II.
Appleton, Wisconsin e's part of Kimberly, Wisconsin. Appleton is part of Little Chute, Wisconsin. Appleton International Airport serves Appleton, Wisconsin e's part of Kimberly, Wisconsin., Appleton, Wisconsin e's part of Little Chute, Wisconsin e's part of Kimberly, Wisconsin.
Attica, Indiana n'est part of Indiana, in the United States., Attica, Indiana n'est part of Indiana, in the United States., Attica, Indiana n'est part of Indiana, in the United States.
Albany, Oregon y's part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States., Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States., Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States.
Mae Addis Ababa, o Addis Ababa, is in Addis Ababa Stadium, o Addis Ababa, o Addis Ababa., Mae Addis Ababa, part of Addis Ababa Stadium, o Addis Ababa, o Addis Ababa, o Addis Ababa, o Addis Ababa.
Aleksandr Prudnikov a club footballer FC Terek Grozny, whose manager is Rashid RakSpartak Moscow. Aleksandr Prudnikov e'n club footballer FC Terek Grozny, whose manager is Rashid Raktiyev., Aleksandr Prudnikov e'n club footballer FC Terek Grozny in Grozny, whose manager is Rashid Raktiyev. He'n club footballer FC Terek Grozny comes from Gro
Bew kway teow, which is from Singapore and Indonesia. It's main ingredients are Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, squelette, sechaithe black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, Lengkuas, oyster sauce, soja sauce, chilli and sesamo oil., Bew kway teow, which is part of Singapore and Indonesia.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has a ISBN number 41071100., The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has a ISBN number 13871100.
The General Dynamics Electric Boat, which was constructed by General Dynamics Electric Boat, Groton, Connecticut, has 3.8 m long and is operated by General Dynamics., The General Dynamics Electric Boat in Groton, Connecticut, are parent company of General Dynamics Engineering Boat (General Dynamics Electric Boat), y ha 3.8 m long and it manufactured by General Dynamics Electric Boat., The General Dynamics Electric Boat general Dynamics Electric Boat
In India, Bhajji is a leader in T. S Thakur and Narendra Modi., In India, Bhajji is a leader in T. S Thakur and Narendra Modi., In India, Bhajji is a leader in T. S Thakur and Narendra Modi.
Hypermarcas e'n biotechnologie, a bhfuil 23.8 per cento in Brazil. Hypermarcas e'n produzione degli produits pharmaceutiques, a feidhmiú le 1st janvier 2001. It has 23.8 per cento en Brésil., Hypermarcas e'n biotechnologie, a feidhmiú le 1st janvier 2001, a feidhmiú le 1st ja
The United States Air Force, which was operated by Lockheed AC-130, is a fighter of the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. It has an Operation Enduring Freedom organisation in the United States Air Force, where Lockheed AC-130 and Lockheed AC-130 are a fighter of the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan, Pakistan. It is a member of the Provincial Assembly of Punjab, Pakistan, where Jinnah International airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority.
Paul Ryan e's leader of the United States is Paul Ryan, a member of the Bacon Explosion in Washington D.C., Bacon Explosion in Washington D.C. are an ethnic group from the United States where Paul Ryan and its capital is Washington D.C., Bacon Explosion in Washington D.C.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom where London is the capital., London is the capital of the United Kingdom where London is the capital.
Joden, Godenblanco is a member of the AFC Ajax (amateurs) nickname Joden, Godenwys., Joden, Godendnikov is a member of the AFC Ajax (amateurs) nickname Joden, GodenSpartak.
Adam Koc, a nationalità polacco-Soviet in Poland, f'était la lingua polaca. L'armée polacco-Soviet is Joseph Stalin., Adam Koc, a nationalità polacco-Soviet en Poland, f'était la lingua polaca, l'armée polacco-Soviet (il battaglione polonais), l'armée polacco-Soviet was Joseph Stalin., Adam Koc, a
Bailen Dublin is a member of the Republic of Ireland., Dáillin is a member of the Republic of Ireland., Dáillin is a member of the Republic of Ireland.
10 Hygiea s'epochta on 27th حزيران 2015, 2015. It has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 km. Its epoch date is 27 June 2015, where 10 Hygiea s'epochta in 837080.744 square kilometres. It has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 km., 10 Hygiea s'epochta on 27th حزيران 2015, 
Aerfort Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Austin, Texas. It has a capital city of Austin, Texas., Aerfort Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Austin, Texas, United States.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom., 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom.
Aaron Turner s'oppose a band Isis and Lotus Eaters., Aaron Turner s'associe a band Isis and Lotus Eaters, is a band Isis., Aaron Turner s'associe a band Isis and Lotus Eaters (band Isis). , Aaron Turner s'associe a band Isis.
Alison O'Donnell a became active in 1963. Alison O'Donnell is a member of the band Mellow Candle and mellow Candle. Is a musician folk, ma fought in 1963., Alison O'Donnell a became active in 1963. Alison O'Donnell a became active in 1963. Alison O'Donnell was a member of the band Mellow Candle and he
Adonis Georgiadis e's in office while Antonis Samaras was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis., Adonis Georgiadis e's in office while Antonis Samaras is Vice-Ministre, Konstantinos MitsSpartakis.
The Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and it has a runway name 12R/30L. Its runway name is 12R/30L., The Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and its runway name is 12R/30L.
Alessio Romagnoli e'n club in A.C. Milan, Siniš Mihajlović is manager of A.C. Sampdoria., Alessio Romagnoli e'n club in A.C. Milan, Siniš Mihajlović is manager of A.C. Sampdoria., Alessio Romagnoli e'n club in A.C. Milan, Siniš Mihajlović is manager of A.C. Sampdoria.
Abradab's genre is hip hop music, a derivative of Drum and bass. Is a derivative of Drum and bass.
Athens Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Athens, Giorgos Kaminis. Il maire di Atene and Giorgos Kaminis are an Olympic Stadium (Athens).
Asam pedas, a grantur de Sumatra and Tamil Peninsula, Malaysia, is a member of Asam pedas. Is a major ingredient in Fish cuisined in sour and hot sauce., Asam pedas comes from Sumatra and Mulan Peninsula, Malaysia, it has its main ingredient in fish cuisined in sour and hot sauce., Asam pedas comes from Sumatra and Malan Peninsula, Malaysia,
Andrew White, musician, a genre alternative rock is Nu metal., Andrew White (musician), a genre alternative rock's fusion genre nu metal.
Aenir e'r preceded by Castle roman., Aenir e'r preceded by Castle roman.
Alfred Garth Jones, a bhí in Manchester, London, where the leader is i Parlaimint na hEorpa. A bhí en place Sidcup and Sidcup; Alfred Garth Jones, a bhí in Manchester, ma became i Labour Party (UK), a became i Lavoro Party (UK)., Alfred Garth Jones, a breith in Manchester, Mae Sidcup, a became 
Adam Koc, who was a nationality of Poland, fought in Polish-Soviet War and Kashubian., Ayam Koc, who was a nationality of Poland, fought in Polish-Soviet War and Kashubian is a language Kashubian. He was a commander in Polish-Soviet War, Joseph Stalin., Ayam Koc, who was a nationality of Poland, fought in Polish-Soviet War
Alan Shepard died in California., Alan Shepard died in California.
Bandeja paisa, which is from the Antioquia Department of Antioquia. Bandeja paisa comes from Colombian cuisine., Bandeja paisa comes from the Antioquia Department of Antioquia. Bandeja paisa comes from Colombian cuisine. Bandeja paisa comes from the Antioquia Department of Antioquia., Bandeja paisa comes from the Antioquia Department of Antioquia.
L'aerfort Alderney, which has an 1st runway surface type of poaceae, is Poaceae. It has a length of 877.0 km., L'aerfort Alderney, a 1st runway surface type de poaceae and it has a length of 877.0 km., L'aerfort Alderney, a 1st runway surface type (poaceae). L'aerfort
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, a macchinamento degli Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, was produced in 1958. It has a rouebase of 2160.0 millimetres, a cylindre de two door coupé, a cylindre degli Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, a roth-four engine., Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, a cylindre degli Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, a
Alex Day e's genre is Synthpop, which originates from new wave music.
Aleksandra Kovac, who was born in Belgrade, is a solo singer. Aleksandra Kovac, whose genre is Rhythm and Blues. He fought in Belgrade, 1972. Is a solo singer., Aleksandra Kovac, whose genre is Rhythm and blues.
The temperature of 1036 Ganymed has 160.0 Kelvins., The temperature of 1036 Ganymed is 160.0 Kelvins., The temperature of 1036 Ganymed has 160.0 Kelvins.
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow. Valery Petrakov is a manager of FC Torpedo Moscow., Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow and Valery Petrakov.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It's west of Franklin County, Pennsylvanie. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvanie., The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvanie.
In Haputale, Sri Lanka is a member of Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital de Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte in Sri Lanka. Is a currency per Sri Lankan rupee.
The A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 membres., The A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 membres.
Arròs negre, arròs negre, in Spain, is a member of the Valencian Community. L'arròs negre originates from Cubanelle. Is a bénéficier dei main ingredients: White rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle Peppers., Arròs negre originated from Spain and it is a member of the Valencian Community. Il
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the leader of Ann Arbor, Michigan., Ann Arbor, Michigan's president is Maire.
Andrews County Airport serves Andrews, Texas., Andrews County Airport serves Andrews, Texas.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Adenan Satem.,  Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Adenan Satem.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., which has Douglas R Oberhelman., The key person of Caterpillar Inc. are Douglas R Oberhelman and Douglas R Oberhelman.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a member of the Audi Appeal 164., The Alfa Romeo 164 is a member of the Audi Appeal 164., The Alfa Romeo 164 is a member of the Audi Appeal 164.
The apoapsis of (410777) 2009 FD is 259776702.44075 km., The apoapsis of (410777) 2009 FD is 259776702.42395 km.
 Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. It has an publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly which was published by Cornell University. It has an affiliated with Association of American Universities.,  Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York and it has an affiliated with Association of American Universities. It has an affiliated with Associazione of American Universities. It has an affiliated with
Andrew White, a member of the Kaiser Chiefs, is associated with Marry Banilow. Andrew White, a member of the Kaiser Chiefs, was associated with Marry Banilow and Polydor Records., Andrew White, a member of the Kaiser Chiefs, has a member of the B-Unique Records and b-Unique Records. Andrew White, a member of the Kaiser Chiefs, performed by Marry Banilow
Adam Koc, who was born in Congress Poland, is a member of the Polonais-Soviet War. Adam Koc, who became a member of the Russian Civil War, f'est partiellement de la Varsaviazione. Joseph Stalin, l'armée polonais-Soviet war has a member of the Russia Civil War., Adam Koc, who was born in Congress Poland, belongs a member of the poliennes-Soviet War and balançait
Bionico is a granola ingredient in Bionico, e's course of dessert., Bionico is a granola ingredient in Bionico.
Inuktitut is a language in Canada., Inuktitut is a language in Canada.
The Antares (rocket) a lanciata in mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport, was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office. It has a final Flight on 28th October 2014, and it is launched at Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport., The Antares (rocket) a lanciata in mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport operated by Yuzhnoye Design Office.
The ALV X-1 is manufactured by the Assembly Techsystems., The ALV X-1 is manufactured by the Alliance Techsystems., The ALV X-1 is manufactured by the Association Techsystems.
Atlanta is a country in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group., Atlanta is a country in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group., Atlanta is a country in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
GMA New Media which was founded on 1st January 2000, is a mass media industry of mass media. Its key person is Felipe Gozon and felipe Gozon are an GMA Network Center., GMA New Media which was founded on 1st January 2000, is a mass media industry of mass media; its key person is Felipe Gozon. It is a mass media industry of mass media.
Abel Hernández e'n manager of Hull City A.F.C. is Steve Bruce. Abel Hernández e'n club in Hull City A.F.C., Abel Hernández e'n manager of Hull City A.F.C., he'n manager Steve Bruce. Abel Hernández e'n club in Hull City A.F.C..
Dan Mishkin created Bolt (comics character Bolt) e'r Ernie Colon, Ernie Colon., Dan Mishkin created Bolt (comics character Bolt) e'r Ernie Colon, Ernie Colon, Dan Mishkin., Dan Mishkin created Bolt (comics character Bolt) e'r Ernie Colon, Ernie Colon, Dan Mishkin., Dan Mishkin created Bolt (comics character Bolt
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the State Senate., Albuquerque, New Mexico, a governed by the State Senate., Albuquerque, New Mexico, a governed by the State Senate., Albuquerque, New Mexico, a governed by the State Senate.
The A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages. It is printable., A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages.
In India, i Ganges is the largest city in Mumbai. The AWH Engineering College comes from India, where Ganges are Ganges., AWH Engineering College comes from India, where Ganges are Ganges and Ganges.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov) was built in Helsinki, Finland. It is 21.2 and the icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov originates from Helsinki.
101 Helena has a mass of 3,0 kilograms., 101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kilograms.
Il ALV X-1 originated from the United States, where White Americans are one of the ethnic groups. It is in the U.S. Washington, D.C. and its capital is Washington, D.C., L ALV X-1 originated from the United States, where White Americans are one of the ethnic groups. Il ALV X-1 originates from the United States, where White Americans are one of the ethnic
Aston Martin V8, a gcomhlachta degli Aston Martin RHAM/1, has 5.3 litres. L'approvisionnement in Aston Martin RHAM/1., Aston Martin V8, a gcomhlachta degli Aston Martin DBS, a gcomhlachta degli Aston Martin RHAM/1, a gcomhlachta degli Aston Martin RHAM/1., 
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. It is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe and its leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe., Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.
Buzz Aldrin, a New Jersey is part of Essex County, New Jersey. Joe Biden was a leader degli Stati Uniti in Glen Ridge, New Jersey.
James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison, Wisconsin, has 101 Helena founded by James Craig Watson. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Andrew Rayel, a member of Armin van Buuren, was born in Chișinău, Moldova. Andrew Rayel is a member of the band Trance music and Armin van Buuren. He plays Trance music and Armin van Buuren.
Mae Adam Koc, who was born in Congress Poland, is a commander de Leon Trotsky., Mae Adam Koc, who had fought in Congress Poland, operated by Leon Trotsky, mae'n War Polish-Soviet.
Allan Shivers, a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur), was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 Port Arthur., Allan Shivers, a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) is a member of the Texas State Senate in Port Arthur. He suc
Antioch, California's 11th State Assembly District is the leader of California's 11th State Assembly District., Antioch, California's 11th State Assembly District is the leaders of California's 11th State Assembly District.
Casey Ribicoff was born in Chicago. Casey Ribicoff, whose spouse is Casey Ribicoff, a member of Casey Ribicoff., Casey Ribicoff, whose spouse is Casey Ribicoff, was born in Chicago.
A Severed Wasp, which is published in print. It has 8802395 u ISBN number 8806036, it has a Library of CongressClassification PS2332.E55 S4 1982., A Severed Wasp, which was published in print, has a ISBN number 8804075, it has a ISBN number 8804107, it has a ISBN number 8805300, it has a library of CongressClassification PS3084.E55
L'Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, where the capital city is Salem, Oregon. Il'Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, where African Americans are an ethnic group., L'Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, where the capital city is Salem, Oregon, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Swords, Dublin is a leader of the County Manager., Swords, Dublin is a Leader of the County Manager.
The Akita Museum of Art, which was inaugurated on 28th September 2013, has 3746.66 square metres., The Akita Museum of Art is inaugurated on 28 settembre 2013, and it had 3746.66 square metres. It has 3 floors in 3746.66 square metres.
Mae Barny Cakes created by Mondelez International., Mae Barny Cakes created by Mondelez International.
Michele Marcolini, a f.C. Bari 1908, became manager of A.C. Lumezzane, a club in Torino F.C., e' l'Istituzione dei B.C. Bari 1908., Michele Marcolini, a f.C. Lumezzane, mana manager of A.C. Lumezzane, was manager of Torino F.C. Istituzione di Torino F.C
Arem-arem e'n it is l'Indonésia, in Indonesia. It is a country of Javanese cuisine and its leader is Joko Widodo. Is é l'Indonésia ta's rupiah indonesian., Arem-arem e'n it is l'Indonésia come from Indonesia. It is l'Indonésia ta's rupiah indonesian. It is
Albany, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S.), where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups., Albany, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S.), where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups., Albany, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S.), where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S.
A.F.C. Fylde, a member of A.F.C. Fylde, has 3180 membres, a full name is Association Football Club Wysde., A.F.C. Fylde, a total name de A.F.C. Fylde, had 3180 membres, a full name: Association Football Club Wysde., A.F.C. Fylde, a partly from Warton
Andrew Rayel, a musician Christian Burns is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Jwaydan Moyine. Andrew Rayel, a musician Christian Burns was associated with Jwaydan Moyine.
Mae Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad., Mae Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad.
The batchoy is a food found in the Philippines., The batchoy is a food found in the Philippines.
The United States of America is long name in the United States of America., The United States of America is long name in the United States of America., The United States of America is long name in the United States of America.
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
Adam Holloway, who was born in Faversham Kent, England, is a member of Grenadier Guards. Adam Holloway (born in Faversham Kent, England), fought in Gulf War, Colin Powell and became a member of Grenadier Guards.
The Hypermarcas has a net income of 108600000, which has a total revenue of 1800000000., The Hypermarcas has a net income of 1800000000, a net income of 1000000, a net income of 109900000, and a net income of 1000000000., The Hypermarcas has a net income of 1800000000, a net income of 108900000,
Aaron S Daggett fought in Battle of Mine Run., Aaron S Daggett fought in Battle of Mine Run.
A-Rosa Luna, a bostruzione de Neptun Werft in Rostock, f'Allemagne. Is l'Allemagne where Andreas Voßkuhle and Andreas Voßkuhle are led by Andreas Voßkuhle., In Rostock is l'Allemagne where Andreas Voßkuhle et Andreas Voßkuhle are led by Andreas Voßkuhle. Neptun Werft operated by Andreas Voßkuhle and Andreas Voßkuhle.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama, y compris Opelika, Alabama. Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama, where African Americans are an ethnic group., Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama in Alabama, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Arròs negre is in Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader., Arròs negre is in Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader., Arròs negre is in Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader.
Ahmet Ertegun, whose genre is blues, originated in Washington D.C., Ahmet Ertegun, whose genre is blues, originates in Washington D.C.
Ram Naik, Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh. Il Uttar Pradesh in Awadh, il Uttar Pradesh e'r leader Ram Naik.
Walt Simonson, Karl Kesel is a nationality of Americans., The comic character Auron was created by Karl Kesel, Walt Simonson and Walt Simonson.
Bacon Explosion is a base of sausages in the U.S. A.K.A., mae'r bacon explosion (bpacon) is a base of sausages., Bacon Explosion is a base of sausages in the United States. Bacon Explosion is a base of sausages. Is a base of sausages., Bacon Explosion is 
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988., Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House aggiunged to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988., Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House aggiunto al National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988.
Alan Shepard, a New Hampshire, was born in New Hampshire. Alan Shepard, a nationality of the U.S. and died in California. He is a test pilot whose birth date was 1923., Alan Shepard, a member of the U.S.N.M.A. 1957, fought in New Hampshire, a maîtrise de WWC, M.A. 1957.
The rotation period of 1097 Vicia is 95060.0., The rotation period of 1097 Vicia is 95060.0.
Bill Oddie e' a bébé de Kate Hardie.,  Bill Oddie is a bébé de Kate Hardie.
Amériques éagsúla is an ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group., The ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union., Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union.
Anaheim, California e' part of Orange County, California. It is part of Greater Los Angeles Area in the United States., Anaheim, California e' part of Orange County, California, e' part of Greater Los Angeles Area in the United States., Anaheim, California e' part of Orange County, California, e' part of Greater Los Angeles Area in the United States.
Alan Martin, who played for Hamilton Academical F.C., is a member of Barrow A.F.C., Alan Martin, who played for Hamilton Academical F.C., was a member of Barrow A.F.C. and he plays for Hamilton Academical F.C., Alan Martin, who played for Hamilton Academical F.C.
Alex Day, a member of Chameleon Circuit band, Charlie McDonnell, is a member of the band Chameleon Circuit band. Alex Day, a member of Chameleon Circuit band, was a member of Chameleon Circuit band., Alex Day, a member of Chameleon Circuit band, is Charlie McDonnell, performs Electronic music and plays Electronic music. Alex Day, a member of Chameleon Circuit band,
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Sergey Naryshkin leader is Sergey Naryshkin., Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, whose leader is Sergey Naryshkin.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, which has an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0., 1634: The Ram Rebellion is published by Eric Flint, where the ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0., 1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, which has an ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0. It has an ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0., 1634: The Ram Rebellion and Eric Flint
Aaron Turner, a genre de black metal, is associated with Twilight band and Greymachine., Aaron Turner, a genre de black metal, is associated with Twilight band and Greymachine., Aaron Turner, a genre de black metal, was associated with Twilight band and Greymachine., Aaron Turner, a genre de black metal, is associated with Twilight band and Greymachine.
Chinabank has a net-income of 15100000000., Chinabank has a net-income of 15100000000., Chinabank has a net-income of 15100000000.
Albennie Jones, a jazz genre is Jazz. It originated from Blues., Albennie Jones's genre is Jazz and it originated from Blues.
101 Helena, whose orbital period is 1516.6700000000003 days, has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days., 101 Helena, whose orbital period is 1516.6700000000003 days, has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days.
Mae's bionico is a dessert, mae's Bionico in Mexico. Il settore tá Silvano Aureoles Conejo; il settore ta's food it can be varied from Cookie., Mae's bionico originates from Mexico where Silvano Aureoles Conejo and Silvano Aureoles Conejo are a dessert.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana, where Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. A.K.A.N.L. and African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States., Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana, where Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where Barack Obama leader was Barack Obama., A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where Barack Obama leader is Barack Obama.
Massimo Drago e's club of S.S. Chieti Calcio, ma's manager A.C. Cesena is Massimo Drago., Massimo Drago e's club de S.S. Chieti Calcio, ma's manager A.C. Cesena was Massimo Drago., Massimo Drago e's club de S.S. Chieti Calcio, ma's manager A.C. Ces
Roy D. Chapin Jr. AMC Matador, manufactured by American Motors, is a key person in Roy D. Chapin Jr., and has a successor of Eagle (automobile).
The Appleton International Airport serves Appleton in Greenville, Wisconsin. Its runway name is 3/21 and its runway name is 3/21.
Trane, a Swords, Dublin, is a subsidiario. Trane has un revenue de 10264000000 and a net-incombent de 556300000, agus a total-incombent de 560300000, y a Subsidiario.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma is led by Jacob Zuma. Is a group ethnique de White South African., 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma is led by Jacob Zuma. It is a group ethnique de White South African., 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma is led by Jacob Zuma and its leader is
Alessio Romagnoli, whose club is A.C. Milan, plays for Defender football., Alessio Romagnoli, whose club is A.C. Milan, plays for Alessio Romagnoli, whose club is A.C. Milan.
LCCN n'13-2421, Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is 1732-2421. LCCN n'69040714, it has an abbreviation of Acta Palaeontol. Pol., The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is 1732-2421, lCCN n'9634714, it has an abbreviation of Acta Palaeontol. Pol. It has an abbreviation of Act
GMA New Media is a parent company of the Philippine Entertainment Portal., The Philippines Entertainment Portal is a parent company of GMA New Media.
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County., Alba Iulia is part of Alba County.
Aerfort International Airport Antwerp serves Antwerp, o Philippe de Belga. Aerfort international Antwerp serves l'Anvers, o Philippe de Belga., Aerfort international Antwerp serves l'Anvers, o Philippe de Belga, o Philippe de Belga, o Philippe de Belga. An airfort international Antwerp serves l'Anvers, o 
The variation of a dessert is Ice cream., The variation of a dessert is Ice cream.
John van den Brom, whose club is AZ Alkmaar., John van den Brom's club is AZ Alkmaar.
Poaceae, a class of Monocotyledon, has an order of Commelinids and the 2nd runway surface type of Poaceae., Poaceae, a class of Monocotyledon, has an order of Commelinids and its 2nd runway surface type is Poaceae., Poaceae, a class of Monocotyledon, has an order of Commelinids and it has an order of Commelinids. It has an 1
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238] Membres.
Al Kharaitiyat SC, a member of Al Kharaitiyat SC, is in Al Khor. Alaa Abdul-Zahra's club was Shabab Al-Ordon Club and Amar Osim.
Chinabank, which was founded in Manila, Philippines, is located in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands., Chinabank, which was founded in Manila, Philippines, is located in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands., Chinabank, which was founded in Manila, Philippines, is located in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands.
Aaron S. Daggett s'est disputé in Battle of Gettysburg, and fought in Battle of Gettysburg. It was a Purple Heart., Aaron S. Daggett s'emmerd in Battle of Gettysburg, but fought in Battle of Gettysburg.
St. Vincent-St. Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault in St. Vincent-St. Mary., St. Vincent-St. Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault in St. Vincent-St. Mary.
The AmeriGas is a member of the energy industry., The AmeriGas is a part of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania.
In Belgaum, l'université Visvesvaraya Technological University is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Mumbai. L'Université Visvesvaraya Technological Università Belgaum devrait bénéficier d'une istruzione teicnologica di All India Council for Technical Education., L'université Visvesvaraya Technological Institute was affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological
The 1955 Dodge Dodge has 230 cm cubes., The 1955 Dodge Dodge ha 230 cm cubes., The 1955 Dodge Dodge had 230 cm cubes.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr. plays for the National Hockey League., Aleksandrer Barkov Jr. plays for the National Hockey League., Aleksandrer Barkov Jr. plays for the National Hockey League.
A-Rosa Luna is a constructioner Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. He governed by Joachim Gauck, Berlin. A-Rosa Luna was a constructeur Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germania.
Aaron Bertram, a band member of the Suburban Legends by Brian Robertson (trombonist), is a Ska punk genre., Aaron Bertram was a band member of the Suburban Legends by Brian Robertson (trombonist) as a band member of the Suburban Legends by Brian Robertson.
Meyer Werft is located in Papenburg., Meyer Werft was located in Papenburg.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine, where Aaron S. Daggett fought at Battle of Fredericksburg., Aaron S. Daggett fought at Battle of Fredericksburg and fought at Battle of Fredericksburg.
The AMC Matador, a mid-size car, was assembled o Thames, New Zealand. It is a Mid-size car and it has an AMC V8 engine.
Alan B Miller Hall which was located in Williamsburg, Virginie, Virginia, is a member of College of William & Mary. Alan B Miller Hall has a building on 30 March 2007., Alan B Miller Hall which was owned by College of William & Mary and operated by College of William & Mary.
Icolo e Bengo, part of Luanda Province, is 159 km/h. Icolo e Bengo, situated in Ícolo e Bengo, a runway length de 4000.0., Icolo e Bengo, particuli di Luanda Province, is 159 km/h.
A.C. Cesena has 23900 membres in Serie B. Il battaglione A.C. Cesena ha 23900 membres., A.C. Cesena had 23900 membres in Serie B, il battaglione A.C. Cesena fought in Serie B., A.C. Cesena faisait 23900 membres in Serie B.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and operated by Dr G. P. Prabblancoar. It is located in Belgaum, India. Its director is Dr G. P. Prabdnikovar. Il'université de Technological Visvesvaraya (in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr.).
Akeem Priestley's club is Jacksonville Dolphins., Akeem Priestley's club is Jacksonville Dolphins., Akeem Priestley's club is Jacksonville Dolphins.
The United States Air Force, which was operated by Al Asad airbase, is a member of the United States Air Force, where Lockheed AC-130 and Lockheed AC-130 are an aviation Fighter General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
N. R. Pogson, a fought in Nottingham, on 17 Nollaig, and died in Chennai., N. R. Pogson, a fought in Nottingham, on 17 Nollaig, a fought in Nottingham, on 17 Nollaig, et died in Chennai., N. R. Pogson, a fought in Nottingham, on 17 Nollaig, ni died
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, had a test pilot. Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, has a member of the NWC, M.A. 1957 and died in California., Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, is a member of the NWC, M.A. 1957 and died in California. He suc
The Barny Cakes contains 1.8 g carbaihie, 18.0 g carbamaitie, 1,8 g carbamaitie, 1.8 g carbamaitie., And Barny Cakes contains 1.8 g carbamaitie, 18,0 g carbamaitie, 1.8 g carbamaitie, 1.8 g carbamaitie.
Binignit is a member of the Visayas region., Binignit is a member of the Visayas region., Binignit is a member of the Visayas region.
FC Terek Grozny is a ground in Grozny., FC Terek Grozny is a ground in Grozny.
The Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000, is a sports offered to tennis. It has a sport-governing body for the International Tennis Federation., Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000 and had a sport-governing body for the International Tennis Federation.
Andrew the Apostole is a patron saint in Romania. 
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana, where Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States., Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana, where Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States., Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana, where Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., A.S. Roma s'occupa di Rome, Italy, a total name of Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is a total name of Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. (Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's record label is Movieplay., Alfredo Zitarrosa's record label is Movieplay.
Angola, Indiana e's part of Indiana, in the U.S.A. is a member of Americans, y Native Americans are an ethnic group degli Stati Uniti., Angola, Indiana e's part of Indiana, where Native Americans are an ethnic group degli Stati Uniti.
Binignit contains delizieux sago e Sago., Binignit contains delizieux sago e Sago, massima ingrediente sago., Binignit contains delizieux sago.
Buffalo, New York is part of Erie County, New York. Buffalo, New York is part of Erie County, New York.
Allen Forrest, who was born on 4th February 1981, fought in Disco. Funk is derived from Drum and bass.
The Barny Cakes contains 1.8 g protein and 1.8 g protein., The Barny Cakes contains 1.8 g protein and 1.8 g protein.
The Apollo 12 is a commander in NASA, David Scott. L'Apollo 12 was operated by NASA and David Scott as a commander in NASA.
Dodge Coronet, 1955 Dodge, is a moteur V8 and it has 3 speed automatic transmission., Dodge Coronet, 1955 Dodge, was a moteur V8 but has 3 speed automatic transmission. It has 3 speed automatic transmission.
A Wizard of Mars is a media type in Hardcover, Diane Duane. ISBN number 978-20-15-204700-2., A Wizard of Mars is a media type in Hardcover, Diane Duane and has an ISBN number 978-20-15-204700-2., A Wizard of Mars is a media type in Hardcover, Diane Duane and has an ISBN number 978-20-15-204700-2, ISBN number 978-20-15-204700-2., A Wizard of
11 Diagonal Street located in South Africa, Cape Town, is a cyril Ramaphosa., 11 Diagonal Street located in South Africa, Cape Town, is a capital of South Africa, where Cyril Ramaphosa leader is Cyril Ramaphosa.
Mae Bakso is a ingredient in vermicelli., Mae Bakso is a ingredient in Vermicelli.
Il'Istituto de Technology Acharya, which was operated by All India Council for Technical Education, is located in Mumbai, Arabian Sea. Il'Istituto de Technologie ha offert un tennis sporting body under the International Tennis Federation., L'Institiúde Technologia Acharya Institute of Technology has été assujetta a football sporting body under the International Tennis Federation.
Alba Iulia e'r originaire in Romania., Alba Iulia e'r originaire in Romania., Alba Iulia e'r originaire in Romania.
Aleksandra Kovac e'n duo K2 (Kovač Sisters duo), Aleksandra Kovac e'n genre de Rhythm and blues. He is associated with Bebe Dol, Bhbi Dol., Aleksandra Kovac e'n duo K2 (Kovač Sisters duo).
Lentivirus is a test of HIV., Lentivirus is a test of HIV, a test of Lentivirus., Lentivirus is a test of HIV, a test of Lentivirus.
Antonis Samaras a successor is Konstantinos Mitsotakis., Antonis Samaras a successor is Konstantinos MitsSpartakis.
Aerfort Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Austin, Texas. It is the capital city of Austin, Texas., Aerfort Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Austin, Texas, United States.
Jens Härtel played for SV Germania Schoniche., Jens Görtel played for SV Germania olfsburg.
The Atlas II was a final airport on 16 March 1998., The Atlas II has a final cruise on 16 March 1998.
Alfons Gorbach, who was born in Tyrol (state), died in Styria o Styria., Alfons Gorbach, who was born in Tyrol (state), died in Styria and died in Styria., Alfons Gorbach, who was born in Tyrol (state), died in Styria o Styria., Alfons Gorbach, who was born in Tyrol (state), died in Styria o Styria
James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison Wisconsin, Wisconsin, has a Peritonitis. James Craig Watson, who died in Madison Wisconsin, Wisconsin, had 103 Hera.
Abel Caballero, a bhí in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain, was predecessor Francisco Franco., Abel Caballero, a became in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain, is a propriétaire de Francisco Franco.
Adam Koc a fought in the Poland-Soviet War and became a Cross of Valour., Adam Koc a fought in the Poland-Soviet War and became a Cross of Valour ( Poland).  Adam Koc a fought in the Poland-Soviet War and became a Cross of Valour.
Arròs negre, arròs negre, is a Catalonia in Spain. Il bénéficier principalement degli ingredienti: White rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle Peppers., Arròs negre originaire del Catalonia in Catalonia, y compris Cubanelle.
Bill Everett ha vinto Eisner Award.,  Bill Everett ha vinto Eisner Award.
Andrew Rayel, whose genre is a Trance music, originated from pop music. Andrew Rayel, whose genre is Trance music, was associated with Bobina and Christian Burns., Andrew Rayel, whose genre is Trance music, has its stylistic origins in pop music, became associated with Bobina and Christian Burns., Andrew Rayel, whose genre is Trance music, can be associated with Bob
Aaron Deer e'r a member of the Horns of  felicity., Aaron Deer e'r a member of the Horns of  felicity and The Horns of Felicitay., Aaron Deer e'r a member of the Horns of Felicitay.
The Dead Man's Plack dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia. It is a rock géology., The Dead Man's Plack dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia, and it was dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia.
Mae's Barny Cakes, a basement in Chicago, France, devrait former Gérard Larcher. L'enfance Mondelez International is l'enfance of France, mae's language française, mais c'est gérard Larcher., Mae's Barny Cakes, a basement in Chicago, France, j'était le leader de France, Gérard Larcher. Liens
Aerfort Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Stáit Uniti. Is a teaghrán Texan., Aerfort Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Stáit Uniti. It is a teaghrán Texan., Aerfort Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Stáit Uniti.
Alagoas, Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is a member of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. It has its ground in Alagoas and it plays for campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
Alberto Teisaire, a member of Isaac Rojas, was born in Mendoza, Argentine, Argentina. Aveva successor d'Isaac Rojas, Alberto Teisaire, who fought in Mendoza, Argentina. He fought as Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy., Alberto Teisaire, a member of Isaac Rojas, is a member of Isaac Rojas, and fought as Rear Admiral in the Argentin
Mae James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison, Wisconsin, died in Madison, Wisconsin. 101 Helena is discovered by James Craig Watson, and he suc
Bandeja paisa, which is a Colombian food ingredient in Bandeja paisa, y compris granturco, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, Galiciao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado agus limon., Bandeja paisa comes from Paisa region of Paisa region and it is a Colombian
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Kota SamSpartak, Sarawak. Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He risiede demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. , Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Kota SamSpartak, sarawak, ta's parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bdnikov., Ahmed Taib Mahmud, who
Mae'r AIDAstella, l'operator dei AIDAstella, operated by AIDA Cruises, is 32.2. It has a top speed of 38.892 and was built by Meyer Werft. Is 253260.0 millimetres long.
Gangsta rap is a member of Hip Hop music genre.,  Gangsta rap is a member of Hip Hop music genre.
The Al-Khor Sports Club is a Qatar Stars League., Al-Khor Sports Club is a Qatar Stars League.
The escape velocity of 1089 Tama is 0.0068 km/s., The escape velocity of 1089 Tama is 0.0068 km/s., The escape velocity of 1089 Tama is 0.0068 km/s.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a militaire branch is Nigerian Army., Adolfo Abdulsalami Abubakar, a militaire branch is Nigerian Army., Ahmed Abdulsalami Abubakar, a militaire branch is Nigerian Army.
Aaron Turner e's genre of black metal., Aaron Turner e's genre of black metal.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Oregon where Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. It has Washington D.C. and its capital is Washington D.C., where African Americans are an ethnic group., Albany, Oregon (part of Linn County, Oregon) is part of Linn County, Oregon.
James Craig Watson was born in Madison, Wisconsin. It has an epoch date of 31 December 2006. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Alan Shepard, a New Hampshire, was born in New Hampshire and operated by NASA. Alan Shepard is a member of Apollo 14 whose mission is Apollo 14., Alan Shepard (born in New Hampshire) but a member of NASA's Apollo 14 has a member of NASA.
Mae'r Baked Alaska is in China, i cinese standard chinois., Mae'r Baked Alaska is in China, mae'r Standard Chinese., Mae'r Baked Alaska comes in China, mae'r Standard Chinese., Mae'r Baked Alaska is in China, mae'r Standard Chinese.
 Nikos Voutsis is a leader of Grecia., Nios Voutsis is a leader of Grecia.
Abel Caballero e' in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch., Abel Caballero e' in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain is monarch.
Aaron Bertram, a member of the Suburban Legends, was associated with Kids Imagine Nation., Aaron Bertram, a member of the Suburban Legends, was associated with Kids Imagine Nation and is associated with Kids Imagine Nation., Aaron Bertram, a member of the Suburban Legends suburban Legends, is associated with Kids Imagine Nation.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is part of Michigan in the United States., Ann Arbor, Michigan is part of Michigan in the United States., Ann Arbor, Michigan is part of Michigan in the United States.
In Addis Ababa City Hall, Addis Ababa city Hall, y ha 42 m air, is a total area of 140000.0 square metres., In Addis Ababa City Hall, Addis Ababa City Hall, y ha 42 m air, is a total area of 140000.0 square metres and it has 42 m air., In Addis Ababa City Hall, Addis Ababa City Hall, y ha 42 m air
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is operated by Hüseyin BSpartak and Hilmi Guner. Its capital is Baku, which was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Baku.
Anders Osborne, a member of the band Theresa Andersson, was associated with Billy Iuso and Theresa Andersson., Anders Osborne, a member of the band Theresa Andersson, is associated with Billy Iuso and Theresa Andersson., Anders Osborne, a member of the band Theresa Andersson, has Billy Iuso and Theresa Andersson.
The AmeriGas is a leader in the U.S. A.R.A., l'industrie degli énergie.
Audi e-tron, a subsidiary degli Audi A1 is Ducati. It was founded by August Horch and operated by Audi e-tron., Audi e-tron, a subsidiary of Audi e-tron, a subsidiary in Audi e-tron.
The top speed of Alhambra is 18.52]., The top speed of Alhambra is 18.52].
The A Fortress of Grey Ice is a hardcover., A Fortress of Grey Ice is a hardcover.
Giochis Kaminis is l'Athènes, Giorgos Kaminis., Giochis Kaminis is l'Athènes, Giorgos Kaminis., Giochis Kaminis is l'Athènes, Giorgos Kaminis and Giorgos Kaminis.
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0., The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0.
Shammut is a shrimp ingredient in batchoy, which originates from the Philippines., Mae's batchoy originated from the Philippines, where Shrimp is an ingredient., Mae's batchoy comes from the Philippines, where Shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy.
Bhajji, i bhajji, in India, is a leader of India, T. S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan.
Baked Alaska is from Paris, New York ou Hong Kong. It's main ingredients of Baked Alaska are Meringue, ice cream, sponge Cake or Christmas pudding., Baked Alaska is part of Paris, New York nó Hong Kong in the United States. It's main ingredients of Baked Alaska (meringue, ice cream, spongecake and Christmas pudding).
Buzz Aldrin, a New Jersey in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. Buzz Aldrin was a member of Apollo 11 and is a member of Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963., Buzz Aldrin, a member of Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963, has a member of Apollo 11. He a member of massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963. Buzz Aldrin
Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikkou, Maroc., Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikkou, Maroc.
Aleksandrey Chirikov, a fought in Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. Aleksey Chirikov, a fought in Finland, it is 21.2 and its icebreaker operated by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard., Aleksandrey Chirikov, a fought in Finland, Its icebreaker operated by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.
Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland., Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland., Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is a member of the Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000 and operated by B.M. Reddy.
Buzz Aldrin, a married to Apollo 11 was the NASA member of Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963., Buzz Aldrin, a married to Apollo 11 is Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. and his Alma mater was Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
The 1 FC Magdeburg is a member of the 2014., 1. FC Magdeburg was a member of the 2014 season.
Mae Trane, which was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin, is located in Ireland., Mae Trane (founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin) is located in Ireland.
Bajji is in India where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India., Bajji is in India where Sumitra Mahajan is led by Sumitra Mahajan., Bajji is in India where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India, where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader.
Sadique Abubakar is a commander in the Nigerian Air Force., Sadique Abubakar is a commander in Sadique Abubakar.
Arrabbiata sauce is a food ingredient in olive oil., Arrabbiata sauce is a food ingredient in olive oil., Arrabbiata sauce is a food ingredient in olive oil.
Bew kway teow is a food from Singapore, where Standard Chinese is standard., Bew kway teow is a food from Singapore, where Standard Chinese is Standard Chinese., Bew kway teow is a food from Singapore, where Standard Chinese is Standard Chinese., Bew kway teow is a food from Singapore, where Standard Chinese is Standard Chinese.
300 North LaSalle is located in Illinois, Illinois. It has 60 floors.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II, which originates dagli Stati Uniti. It was launched by Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2, vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon singer, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin., Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon singer, pièce 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin
The Asilomar Conference Grounds are added to the National Register of Historic Places at Pacific Grove, California. It has a référence number 87000920., The Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove, California and is ajouted to the National Register of Historic Places at 27 March 1987. It has a référence number 87000920., The Asilomar Conference Grounds are added to the
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica is an academic discipline of mathématiques., The Acta Mathematica Hungarica is an academic discipline of mathématiques., The Acta Mathematica Hungarica is an academic discipline of mathématiques.
Elliot See, a member of the University of Texas at Austin, is affiliated with the University of Texas System and has a ffiliation to the University of Texas System. Is a comhlachas de Dallas in Dallas, y compris le Big 12 Conference., Elliot See, who was born in Dallas, fought in Great 12 Conference.
Buzz Aldrin, a bhliain Glen Ridge, New Jersey, is a member of NASA in 1963. Buzz Aldrin was retired by NASA in 1930-01-20., Buzz Aldrin, a married part of Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963, has a member of NASA in 1963.
Mae's language is Kashubian., Mae's language is Kashubian., Mae's language is Kashubian.
Alfred N. Phillips, who was born in Darien, Connecticut, is a member of theMayor of Stamford, Connecticut., Alfred N. Phillips, who was born in Darien, Connecticut, operated by theMayor of Stamford, Connecticut.
Ahmet Ertegun, whose genre is rhythm and blues, originated from blues, y derived from Disco. Is l'Associazione ethnique Afro-Americans in the U.S., Ahmet Ertegun, whose genre is rhythm and blues, has its stylistic origins of blues, y derived from Disco, y derived from Disco., Ahmet Ertegun, whose genre is rhythm
Poaceae, which is a poaceae of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) and has an 2nd runway surface type de Poaceae., Poaceae from Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) had an 2nd runway surface type de Poaceae.
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire, where Bill Oddie starred at Bananaman. 
The Antares (rocket) a launch site in Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with Minotaur V and Minotaur V. It is comparable to Delta II, which originates dagli Stati Uniti., The Antares (rocket) a launch site in Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with Minotaur V and Minotaur V.
Alan Martin, a footballer is Crewe Alexandra F.C. and plays for Aldershot Town FC., Alan Martin, who was born on 1st January 1989, plays for Aldershot Town FC. Alan Martin's club is Crewe Alexandra F.C.
L'Université Visvesvaraya Technological University is in Bangalore, where Kempe Gowda I was founded by Kempe Gowda I. L'Université Visvesvaraya Technological University is situated in Bangalore, which has its west of Arabian Sea.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase, which was operated by the United States Air Force and is invasion of Grenada., The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase, which was operated by the United States Air Force and fought in Invasion of Grenada.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Union Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States., Anderson, Indiana is part of Union Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Akeem Priestley, who was born in Jamaica, Patrick Allen, is a leader of Jamaica., Akeem Priestley, who was born in Jamaica and Patrick Allen (politician).
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is a leader in Sri Lanka. , Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is a capital in Sri Lanka. , Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is a member of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. , Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is a leader in Sri Lanka. , Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is a led by Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. , Sri Jayawardene
J. P. McManus, Adare Manor a bhaint as J.P. McManus in 1862. It was acheved on 1862. James Pain is a propriétaire of Adare Manor., J. P. McManus, Adare Manor a bhaint as J.P. McManus in 1862.
Mae Agustin Barboza, a breitheamh in Asuncion, Juan Afara, is l'intermédiaire de Paraguay. L'intermédiaire d'Azerbaidjan est Juan Afara. Is l'intermédiaire de Paraguay é l'intermédiaire of Mestizo., Mae Agustin Barboza, a breitheamh in Asuncion, Juan Afara, fought in Asuncion, Juan Afara. Mae Agust
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana., Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana.
L'Italie e's leader is Laura Boldrini. L'Italie e's capital de Rome, l'Italie in cui la salsa Amatriciana n'est pas per Roma. La sauce Amatriciana n'est pas per Rome., L'Italie e's capitale di Roma, l'Italie u's leader is Laura Boldrini. L'Italie e's president is Laura Boldrini.
The AMC Matador is a mid-size car, y compris le Mid-size car. It has an AMC Matador comes from Thames, New Zealand. Is a mid-size car and it has an AMC straight-6 engine., The AMC Matador's alternative name is the American Motors Matador in Thames, New Zealand. It can be assembled at Thames, New Zealand. It has an AMC rut-6
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas, United States., Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas, United States.
Jen Peron e's part of the Labour Party Argentina., Jen Peron e's member of the Labour Party Argentina., Jen Peron e's part of the Labour Party Argentina.
The journal AIDS (journal) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Elizabeth II.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Oregon. Il's ethnic group in the United States are Native Americans. Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Oregon., Albany, Oregon (part of Linn County, Oregon) is part of Linn County, Oregon.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia. Abdul Taib Mahmud fought in barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak. , Abdul Taib Mahmud fought in Miri, Malaysia. Abdul Taib Mahmud fought in barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak.
Madeleine L'Engle was a author of A Severed Wasp., A Severed Wasp was a author of Madeleine L'Engle.
L'Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl, a density of A.S. Gubbio 1910 Srl, f'est en 2014 and it has 5000 members., L'Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl, f'est in 2014. L'Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl, f'escale Stadio Pietro Barbetti, f'escale Stadio Pietro Barbetti.
Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire, died in Göttingen. Walter Baade, whose Alma mater is University of Göttingen., Walter Baade, whose Alma mater is Université de Göttingen, died in Göttingen. Walter Baade, whose Alma mater is University of Göttingen., Walter Baade, whose Alma mater is University of Göttingen, died in Göttingen. Walter Baade, whose Alma
11 Diagonal Street e's completion date of 1983., 11 Diagonal Street e's completion date of 1983., 11 Diagonal Street e's completion date of 1983.
Aenir followed by Aenir., The Castle Novel, followed by Aenir, followed by Aenir.
Richard A Teague, l'employeur is Chrysler. Richard A Teague, l'employeur was Chrysler., Richard A Teague, l'employeur in AMC Matador, manufactured by Richard A Teague, l'employeur de Chrysler., Richard A Teague, l'employeur of AMC Matador, produced by Richard A Teague, and employed by Chrysler.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Jwaydan Moyine., Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Jwaydan Moyine., Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Jwaydan Moyine.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow, where Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny. , Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm, where Rashid Rakwys and Rashid Raknegrev are an youth club. , Aleksandr Prudnikov formerly footballer FC Spartak Moscow, where Rashid Raktiyev is part of FC Amkar Perm. , Aleksandr Prudnikov
Arem-arem e's main ingredient in Arem-arem is banana leaf, y compris degli legumes or minced meat fillings., Arem-arem e's main ingredient in Arem-arem comes from banana leaf with legumes or minced meat fillings.
L'income net is 15100000000. Chinabank s'occupa de services bancaires, y ha 15100000000., L'income net is 15100000000. Chinabank s'occupa de services bancaires, y ha 15100000000., L'income net is 15100000000. Chinabank s'occupa de services bancaires, y ha 15100000000.
Alvis Speed 25 is a constructeur of Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which was founded in Coventry., The Alvis Speed 25 is a manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which was founded in Coventry. , Alvis Car and Engineering Company, who was succeeded by Rover Company, was operated by Alvis Car and Engineering Company.
Allan Sandage, Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire, died in West Germany. Walter Baade, whose alma mater is University of Göttingen, comes doctoral student Allan Sandage.
Aaron Deer, a solo singer is Indiana. Aaron Deer, originated negli Stati Uniti, e's band Indie rock and Wee Giant musician. He originates in Indiana., Aaron Deer, a solo singer, was a solo singer, whose genre is Indie rock.
Arem-arem is a region of Indonesia., Arem-arem is a region of Indonesia.
Halimah Yacob is a leader of Singapore, where Beef kway teow originates from Singapore. Is a monnaie de Singapore dollar. Halimah Yacob is a leader in Singapore., Bew kway teow originates from Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is a member of Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is a leader., Bew kway teow originates from Singapore, where Hali
(66063) 1998 RO1 epoch was 2013-11-04., (66063) 1998 RO1 epoch was 2013-11-04., (66063) 1998 RO1 epoch was 2013-11-04., (66063) 1998 RO1 epoch was 2013-11-04., (66063) 1998 RO1 epoch was 2013-11-04.
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has an elevation of 23.0 km above sea level., Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, part of Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. It has an elevation of 23,5 km above sea level.
Ajoblanco, y compris in Andalusia, is an ingredient de l'acqua., Ajoblanco, y compris en Andalusia, comes from Andalusia, it has an ingredient d'eau.
Alfred Garth Jones died o London., Alfred Garth Jones died o London.
Adirm Hall Adisham s'installe in 1927, it is operated by St. Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka., Adirm Hall Adisham s'installe in 1927, it was operated by St. Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka.
A Wizard of Mars is a media type in Hardcover, it has an ISBN number 318900313., A Wizard of Mars was a book editor Diane Duane.
Anders Osborne e'r rock musician Anders Osborne, whose record label is Alligator Records., Anders Osborne e'r rock musician Anders Osborne e'r rock musician., Anders Osborne e'r rock musician Anders Osborne e'r rock musician.
(66391) 1999 KW4, a periapsis is 29919600000.0., (66391) 1999 KW4, a periapsis is 29919600000.0.
The United States has a ethnic group of Native Americans in the United States., The United States has a ethnic group of Native Americans in the United States., The United States has a ethnic group of Native Americans in the United States., The United States has a ethnic group of Native Americans in the United States.
The runway name of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 03L/21R. It has a length of 1400.0, it has a 3rd runway surface type de poaceae and it has a 3rd runway type de poaceae., 3rd runway in Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd runway type de poaceae and it has a 3rd runway type de poaceae. It has a 3
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London., Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.
Alison O'Donnell, whose record label is Fruits de Mer Records, was located in London., Alison O'Donnell, whose record label is Fruits de Mer Records, performer jazz music and Deram Records comes from London., Alison O'Donnell, whose record label is Fruits de Mer Records, can be found in London. Alison O'Donnell, whose record label is Fruits de Mer
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2), a length of 192000.0 millimetres, is 192000.0 millimetres., The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2), a length of 192000.0 millimetres, is 192000.0 millimetres., The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2), a length of 192000.0 millimetres, is 192000.0 millimetres.
Elliot See was born on 23 July 1927, Dallas., Elliot See was born on 23 July 1927, Dallas.
Rhythm and blues, Albennie Jones's genre is Rhythm and Blues which has a derivative of disco. Is a derivative of Disco.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in Chicago, Illinois, died in Chicago, where Abraham A. Ribicoff and Casey Ribicoff is an ethnic group of Native Americans., Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in Chicago, Illinois, died in Chicago, United States, has an ethnic group of Native Americans.
The Ayam penyet is a hot temperature., The Ayam penyet is a hot temperature in the Ayam penyet., The Ayam penyet is a hot temperature in the Ayam penyet., The Ayam penyet is a hot temperature in the Ayam penyet.
Aryy Neave fought in the World War II, Joseph Stalin., Aryy Neave fought in the World War II and Joseph Stalin fought in the World War II., Aryy Neave fought in the World War II and Joseph Stalin fought in the World War II.
Alan Martin played for Accrington Stanley F.C., Alan Martin footballer is a member of Accrington Stanley F.C., Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley F.C.
Akron Summit Assault is a ground in Akron, Ohio. It is located in Akron, Ohio., Akron Summit Assault is a ground in Akron, Ohio, United States., Akron Summit Assault is a ground in Akron, Ohio.
Abel Caballero, a member of the Minister of Transport, is a governed by Abel Caballero., Abel Caballero, a member of the Minister of Transport, was born in Galicia (Spain)., Abel Caballero, a member of the Minister of Transport, a member of the Minister of Transport, operated by Abel Caballero, a member of the Minister of Transport.
The Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat. It has a runway length of 3800.0 and it has a length of 3800.0., The Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat.
Aaron Turner, a band Sumac (band Sumac), performs black metal music fusion genre Death metal., Aaron Turner, a band Sumac, performs black metal music fusion genre Death metal.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in royaume Sarawak. Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera BSpartak., Ahmed Taib Mahmud was born in royaume Sarawak. Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in royaume Sarawak.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a former member of the Nigerian Air Force, was succeeded by Olasegun Obasanjo. Abdulsalami Abubakar in office while Atiko Abubakar Vice-Président is Atiko Abubakar.
Am J. Math., Am J. Math., American Journal of Mathematics was abbreviated to Am J. Math.
The Japan has an ethnic group of Brazils in Japan., The Japan has an ethnic group of Brazils in Japan., The Japan has an ethnic group of Brazils in Japan., The Japan has an ethnic group of Brazils in Japan.
Aaron Turner a musician funky in Black metal, whose musical genre is black metal. Is a member of the House of Low Culture and was a member of the house of Low Culture.
Albany, Oregon e'n part of Oregon, Washington D.C. and Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, in the U.S.
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the Schiphol Group. It has an elevation above sea level 3.3528 and it is operated by Schiphol Group.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana, where 16.55 square kilometres are an area totale., Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana, where 16.55 square kilometres are an area totale de 16.55 sq km., Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana, which is part of Pleasant Township,
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff.
(66391) 1999 KW4, a density of 2.0 gram perCubicCentimetres, has an apoapsis of 162164091.6036 km., (66391) 1999 KW4, a density of 2.0 gram perCubicCentimetres, a density of 2.0 gram perCubicCentimetres, a density of 162164091.4107 km., (66391) 1999 KW4, a density of 2.0 gram
Aaron Turner a genre post-metal, fought in 1995. He is associated with Lotus Eaters band and Lotus Eaters band., Aaron Turner a genre post-metal was associated with Twilight band and Lotus Eaters band.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr., who was born in Tampere, Finland, is a member of Florida Panthers., Aleksandrer Barkov Jr., who was born in Tampere, Finland, is a member of Florida Panthers. Its club is Florida Panthers., Aleksandrer Barkov Jr., who was born in Tampere, Finland, is a member of Florida Panthers.
Albennie Jones, who was born in 1914, is a solo singer. Albennie Jones's genre of Rhythm and blues. He has an background as a solo singer., Albennie Jones, who was born in 1914, operated by Rhythm and Blues.
Ren Goscinny was created by René Goscinny., Ren Goscinny was created by Asterix (cartacter comic) and René Goscinny.
Bo Bibbowski, y compris Marv Wolfman, was created by Bibbo Bibbowski, Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman., Bobby Bibbowski, y compris Marv Wolfman, is a member of Bibbo Bibbowski, y compris Marv Wolfman.
Bakso, l'Indonésia is part of Indonesia in Indonesia. Bakso, l'Indonésia is the capital city di Jakarta, l'Indonésia, l'intermédiaire popolare nei paesi dello sviluppo dello sviluppo dello sviluppo dello sviluppo dello sviluppo dello sviluppo dello sviluppo dello sviluppo dello sviluppo dello 
Airey Neave s'engaged in the Battle of France. He fought in 1974-04-04 and fought in 1979-03-30., Airey Neave fought en 1974-04-04 and fought in the Battle of France. He fought in 1974-04-04 and fought on 30th March 1979.  Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France. He fought in 1974-04-04 and fought in the Battle of France.
The United States Air Force, which is operated by Al Asad airbase, was operated by the United States Air Force, where Lockheed AC-130 and Lockheed C-17 Globemaster III were an invasion of Panama., The United States Air Force, which has a battaglione de Lockheed AC-130, fought in Invasion of Grenada.
Arthur Blank is a member of Atlanta Falcons. Akeem Dent debuted team with Atlanta Falcons and Arthur Blank., Akeem Dent was a member of Atlanta Falcons, Arthur Blank.
Agnes Kant, a's nationality of the Netherlands, is Mark Rutte. Agnes Kant, whose leader was Mark Rutte, operated by House of Representatives (Pays-Bas).
John Madin architetta 103 Colmore Row., John Madin architecte 103 Colmore Row.
Rock's stylistic origins of jazz is blues. 
Buzz Aldrin, a married to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, United States. Buzz Aldrin is a member of Apollo 11 and his alma mater comes from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963., Buzz Aldrin, a married to Apollo 11, led by Edwin E. Aldrin Jr.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and operated by NASA. It is a pilot of Apollo 14., Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, occuped by NASA.
Abilene, Texas has 325 area code., Abilene, Texas contains 325 area code.
The Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904., Aser Levy Public Baths was created in 1904., Aser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904.
Stuart Parker, a footballer in Runcorn F.C. Halton is a manager of A.F.C. Blackpool and a club runcorn f.C. Halton., Stuart Parker, a footballer in Runcorn F.C. Halton is a member of A.F.C. Blackpool.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group., Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Mae'r Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, y ha dean Mario Botta, mae'r Académico di Architettura di Mendrisio, l'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio. L'Académico di Architettura di Mendrisio is 100 student., Mae'r Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, l'Albatroso,
Abdulsalami Abubakar, whose army is Nigerian Army. Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice-Président., Ahmed Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice-Président. Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice-Président. , Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice-Président.
Ase Wilder's genre is hip hop music, which originated from Disco., Ase Wilder's genre is hip hop music, which originated from Disco., Ase Wilder's genre is hip hop music, which originated from Disco.
Julia Morgan, a New York Herald-Examiner, was born in California. Julia Morgan is a member of the Asilomar Conference Grounds which l'architect Julia Morgan, whose architectes are Julia Morgan and Los Angeles Herald-Examiner., Julia Morgan, a member of the Asilomar Conference Grounds which l'architect Julia Morgan, fought in Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. It has a
Felipe Gozon is a key person of GMA New Media., Felipe Gozon is a key person of GMA New Media., Felipe Gozon is a key person of GMA New Media.
Abner W. Sibal fought in the World War II and was a member of the United States Army., Abner W. Sibal fought in the World War II and was a member of the United States Army., Abner W. Sibal fought in the World War II and was a member of the United States Army., Abner W. Sibal fought in the World War II and was a member
DeSoto Custom, a DeSoto Firedome, manufactured da DeSoto (automobile) de 1955 Dodge, a macchinamento de DeSoto. DeSoto Custom, a macchinamento de DeSoto Newport, successor de DeSoto Firedome., DeSoto Custom, in 1955 Dodge, a macchinamento de DeSoto, a macchinamento de DeSoto,
Almond is a food ingredient in Ajoblanco, Andalusia., Ajoblanco comes from Andalusia where Almond is an ingredient in Ajoblanco., Ajoblanco comes from Andalusia where Almond is an ingredient in Ajoblanco.
Izmir's capital is Ankara, l'indirizzo degli  Ataturk Monument (İzmir) a progettato by Pietro Canonica. Il matériel di bronze, il Musée Atatürk monument (İzmir) e inauguration date 27th 1932, Istanbul. L'indirizzo degli  Ataturk Monument (İzmir) è Alekset Davutoglu. La Turchia ha introdotto da Pietro Canonica. Il matériel d'
The Akron Summit Assault is a led by the Premier Development League, whose champions are K-W United FC. It has 3000 membres and was a led by the Premier Development League., Akron Summit Assault is a led by the Premier Development League, whose champions are K-W United FC.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Joe Biden and White Americans are an ethnic group. 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader., 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader. 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where white Americans are an ethnic group.
300 North LaSalle is a part of DuPage County Illinois, Illinois. It has 60 floors in Chicago, where Rahm Emanuel and Rahm Emanuel are led by Rahm Emanuel.
The Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka. It has architectural style Tudor and Jacabin. It was acheved in 1927., The Adisham Hall at Sri Lanka it had architectural style Tudor and Jacbilen. It has architectural style Tudor and Jacawar. It was completed in 1931.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a member of the Nigerian Army, was in office pendant quelqu'un de became president Oladipo Diya. Abdulsalami Abubakar, whose successor is Lulegun Obasanjo, operated on 29 Meith 1999, while Mike Akhigbe attendait il meglionement du militaire grâce ar Oladipo Diya. , Abdulsalami Abubakar, a member of the Nigerian Army,
Adam Koc, a nationalità polannach in Poland, is an ethnic group of Kashubians., Adam Koc, a nazionalità polannach in Poland, is an ethnic group of Kashubians., Adam Koc, a nationalità polannach in Poland, is an ethnic group de Kashubians.
A Severed Wasp, which is from the United States in Great Britain. It has its capital city Washington D.C., where African Americans are an ethnic group., A Severed Wasp comes from the United States in Great Britain and his capital is Washington D.C., where African Americans are an ethnic group., A Severed Wasp originates from the United States in Great Britain.
Asam pedas is a Sumatra in Malaysia. It's ethnic group of Malaysian Mulang, Minukkabau people and Sumatra comes from Sumatra.
Aenir, preceded by Castle (novel), preceded by Castle., Aenir, preceded by Castle (novel) preceded by Castle.
Mae'r footballer Abner, a manager de Real Madrid Castilla, is Luis Miguel Ramis. Si'r footballer Abner, a club in Coritiba Foot Ball Club, play for Real Madrid Castilla, Luis Miguel Ramis.
The Antares rocket, which was launched on the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport., The Antares rocket, which has a maiden ship on the 9th January 2014, had a maiden airport on the mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport., The Antares rocket is launched on the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
Alfons Gorbach, a breith in Tyrol, Austria., Alfons Gorbach, a breith in Tyrol, Austria.
Buzz Aldrin a fought in Apollo 11 and was a fighter pilot., Buzz Aldrin a fought in Apollo 11 and was a fighter pilot., Buzz Aldrin a fought in Apollo 11 and was a fighter pilot.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000. It has 700 postgraduate students and its campus is In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. B.M. Reddy.
Aleksandr Prudnikov, who was born on 24 February 1989, is a member of FC Kuban Krasnodar., Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Dynamo Moscow and FC Dynamo Moscow.
The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006. It has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, it has an orbital period 135589000.0 and an apoapsis de 410792000.0 km., The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006, y has an epoch date of 31 December 2006. It has an escape velocity de 0.0112 km per sec. It has an orbital period 135589000.0
Tom Lyle created Blockbuster (comics character Blockbuster) which was created by Roger Stern, Roger Stern. Il's alternative name is Roland Desmond., Tom Lyle created Blockbuster (comics character Blockbuster) which was created by Roger Stern, Roger Stern and Tom Lyle., Tom Lyle created Blockbuster (comics character Blockbuster) which was created by Roger Stern.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicato to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Baku, where Hüseyin Btiyer and Hilmi Güler., Ahseyin Bizader and Hilmi Güner are dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Baku.
James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison Wisconsin, Wisconsin, is a member of the University of Michigan. James Craig Watson, died in Madison Wisconsin, Wisconsin, and deced in Peritonitis., James Craig Watson, who was born in Madison Wisconsin, Wisconsin, fought in 101 Helena.
Aaron Hunt e'n club SV Werder Bremen II, Viktor Stiyek. He'n club SV Werder Bremen II, Viktor Sigbenyk., Bin club SV Werder Bremen II is SV Werder Bremen II, Viktor SSpartakdyk.
Alan B. Miller Hall, which was owned by College of William & Mary, is located in Williamsburg, Virginia., Alan B. Miller Hall, which was owned by College of William & Mary, was located in Williamsburg, Virginia., Alan B. Miller Hall, which was owned by College of William & Mary, was located in Williamsburg, Virginia.
Massimo Drago e'r manager of A.C Cesena, Massimo Drago, whose club is S.S.D. Potenza Calcio, y faccio calcio Catania., Massimo Drago e'r manager of A.C Cesena, Massimo Drago, whose club is S.S.D. Potenza Calcio, y faccio calcio Catania., Massimo Drago e'r
Ahmad Kadhim Assad e'r club in Steel Azin F.C. and Al-Naft., Ahmad Kadhim Assad e'r club in Steel Azin F.C. et Al-Naft., Ahmad Kadhim Assad e'r club in Steel Azin F.C.
Alan Martin e'r footballer Alan Martin, whose club is Accrington Stanley F.C. and Barry Ferguson was manager of Clyde FC., Alan Martin e'r footballer Alan Martin, whose club is Accrington Stanley F.C.
John Madin, a governed by John Clancy (Labour politician) is in Birmingham. He was a member of the B postcode area and he had 103 Colmore Row whose leader is John Clancy., John Madin, a led by John Clancy (Labour politician), has 103 Colmore Row's postal code are B postcode area.
Eric Flint e's author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, Eric Flint., E's author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, Eric Flint.
Alvah Sabin, a governed in Vermont, il 3rd arrondissement di Vermont, l'immense city de Burlington, Vermont. Alvah Sabin, died in Sycamore, Illinois., Alvah Sabin, a governed in Vermont, Il 3rd arrondissement di Vermont, l'immense city de Burlington, Vermont, and died in Sycamore, Illinois., Alvah Sabin,
Alan Shepard, a New Hampshire, was born in New Hampshire. Alan Shepard is a member of Apollo 14 and died in California. He fought in 1959 in New Hampshire. He became a member of Apollo 14.
Auburn, Washington y compris part of Pierce County, Washington. Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington. It has 7741 square kilometres in total., Auburn, Washington y compris part of Pierce County, Washington, United States. Auburn, Washington y compris part of Pierce County, Washington. It has 7741 square kilometres in total., Auburn, Washington y compris part
Aerfort Andrews County Airport, which is located in Texas, Austin, Texas. It is the capital city of Austin, Texan.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space in Guiana Space Centre. It has 5.4 metres de diametro, il 18th août 2009.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis preceded by Grantville Gazette III, Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint., 1634: The Bavarian Crisis preceded by Grantville Gazette III, Virginia DeMarce agus Eric Flint.
Julia Morgan, a bhithe fought in California. Julia Morgan, who was born in California, operated asilomar Conference Grounds of Asilomar, l'architetto Julia Morgan, j'aitrise de Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and j'aitrise de los Angeles herald-Examiner. It is a merveilleux building Riverside Art Museum., Julia Morgan, a bhithe fought in
Alex Tyus was born on 8th January 1988. He plays Pallacanestro Cantù., Alex Tyus was born on 8th January 1988, and plays Pallacanestro Cantù., Alex Tyus was born on 8th January 1988 in Pallacanestro Cantù.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica contains coden code APGPAC., The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica polonica contains coden code APGPAC., The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica contains coden code APGPAC.
Lockheed AC-130, l'Aviation Force Arienne United States is operated by Lockheed C-130 Hercules. L'Invasion of Grenada, l'Immigration of Grenada, l'incident de Lockheed C-130 Hercules and l'incident de Lockheed C-130 Hercules., Lockheed AC-130 Hercules in the U.S. airbase Al Asad was operated by Lockheed AC-130, l
Adam Koc died in New York City., Adam Koc died in New York City.
L'Italie, Pietro Grasso, is a leader in Italy. L'Italia, c'est la capitale de Rome, where A.S. Gubbio 1910 is l'Italie.
(66063) 1998 RO1, a poids orbital period de 360.29 days, it has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km. It has an orbital period de 360.29 days and its mean temperature is 265.0 Kelvins., (66063) 1998 RO1, a poids orbital period de 360.29 days, had an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km. It has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815
Bhajji e'n Bhajji, in India, a bhajji. Thakur is T. S Thakur and Narendra Modi., Bhajji e'n Bhajji comes in India, a bhajji se'n India, ta't S Thakur agus ta't S Thakur. In India, ta't S Thakur is U.Narendra Modi., Bhajji e'n Bhajji e'n
Albert Jennings Fountain, who was in office while Edmund J. Davis is Vice-Présidente, Edmond J. Davis, died in New Mexico Territory., Albert Jennings Fountain, who was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice-Présidente, Edmund J. Davis and died in New Mexico Territory., Albert Jennings Fountain, who was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice
Bionico e's ingredient in Bionico, it is a dessert. Is a dessert of bionico, c'est l'élément de Sour cream., Bionico e's ingredient in Bionico (et f'en Mexico). C'est l'élément de Sour cream. 
The A-Rosa Luna e's longueur is 125800.0 millimetres. It has a length of 125800.0 millimetres., The A-Rosa Luna e's longueur is 125800.0 millimetres, it was manufactured on 22th January 2004., The A-Rosa Luna e's longueur is 125800.0 millimetres and it has a length of 125800.0 millimetres.
L'aeroporto international Atlantic City International Airport, a length of 308.0 km/h, is operated by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. It has a runway name 4/22., L'aeroporto international Atlantic City International Airport, a length of 3060.0 km/h, is operated by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, it has a runway name 4/22.
L'Asser Levy Public Baths was located in 23rd Street Manhattan, 1904., L'Asser Levy Public Baths was located in 23rd Street Manhattan, 1904., L'Asser Levy Public Baths was located in 23rd Street Manhattan, 1904.
L'aerfort régional dell'Aerfort régional d'Aerfort régional degli Alpa, it is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan. L'aerfort régional degli Alpina ha 210 metres above sea level., L'aerfort régional degli Alcana are located in Wilson Township, Innsylvania County, Michigan. L'aerfort 
Atlanta is part of Georgia (U.S.), where African Americans are an ethnic group., Atlanta is part of Georgia (U.S.) where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Aleksandra Kovac e'n active year in 1990. Aleksandra Kovac e'n genre de rock music, ma'r is a folk music., Aleksandra Kovac e'n musical genre d'soul music, ma'r he'n active year in 1990., Aleksandra Kovac e'n solo jazz musician Aleksandra Kovac e'n funky blues music.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President, Oladipo Diya., Ahmad Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was vice President, Oladipo Diya., Ahmed Abdulsalami Abubakar suc
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat. Amdavad ni Gufa is a leader of Gujarat, Aigbeben Patel., Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, Atiyeben Patel.
Auburn, Washington y is part of Washington (state) where Olympia. It's capital is Olympia, Washington., Auburn, Washington y is part of Washington (state), whose capital is Olympia, Washington.
Adonis Georgiadis e'n in office while Antonis Samaras, Konstantinos Mitsotakis and Konstantinos MitsSpartakis., Adonis Georgiadis e'n in office while Antonis Samaras e'n Vice-Ministre Konstantinos Mits2395is., Adonis Georgiadis e'n in office while Antonis Samaras e'n vice-Ministre Konstantinos Mitsdnikov.
Mae Baked Alaska, in Hong Kong, France, c'est Carrie Lam. Gérérard Larcher is a leader of Hong Kong, l'enfance de gérard Larcher., Mae Baked Alaska, enfance de Hong Kong, France, l'enfance de Gérard Larcher (politique), l'enfance de Gérard Larcher and l'enfance de Hong Kong
Mae batchoy is a member of the Ilocano people, l'Albanie. It is arabe and l'Albanie are l'Albanie. In Philippines, l'Albanie is l'Albanie., Mae batchoy is l'Albanie in Philippines, l'Albanie is l'Albanie. Is l'Albanie is l'Albanie.
The AIDAluna, a longueur de 32.2 millimetres, is connected to Caterpillar Inc. and it has a maiden voyage on 22nd March 2009. It has a length of 252000.0 millimetres., The AIDAluna, a maden voyage on 22nd March 2009, has a luas de 32.2 millimetres, a longueur de 252000.0 millimetres, a diametre de Caterpillar Inc
Alvah Sabin e'n active year on 3rd March,1857., Alvah Sabin e'n active year on 3nd March,1857., Alvah Sabin e'n active year on 3rd March,1857.
Mae'r Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore o Halimah Yacob. Mae'r l'Inghilterra, mae'r l'Inghilterra, mae'r l'Inghilterra, mae'r l'Inghilterra, mae'r l'Inghilterra, mae'r l'Inghilterra, mae'r Halimah Yacob., Mae
Mae'r AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises and it has a length of 253260.0 millimetres. L'université, Meyer Werft, was built by Meyer Werft. La AIDAstella ha a length of 253260.0 millimetres.
Alex Tyus is a member of Maccabi Ashdod B.C., which plays at the Turkish Basketball Super League and played at the Turkish Basketball Super League., Alex Tyus's club is Maccabi Ashdod B.C., whose coach is Zim Sherf., Alex Tyus was a member of Maccabi Ashdod B.C.
Artur Rasizade is a leader of Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial dedicated to soldats Ottoman Army uccisi in the Battle of Baku., Artur Rasizade is a leader of Baku Turkey Martyrs' Memorial dedicato to soldats Ottoman Army uccisi in the Battle of Baku, where Artur Rasizade is a leader.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. Is a leader of India, Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan., Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. Is a leader of India, Uindra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan., Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India.
Lum's order is Rosids., Lum's order is Rosids.
Alfred N. Phillips, who was born in Connecticut, is a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He worked as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district., Alfred N. Phillips, who was born in Connecticut, operated as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut
Aleksandra Kovac, whose background is solo singer Aleksandra Kovač, was born in 1972. It has a pop music and its genre is pop music., Aleksandra Kovac, whose background is solo singer Aleksandra Kovac, had a pop music and plays pop music.
Audi A1 s'assembla in Audi Brussels, l'apparecchiature Audi A1 is 1.2 litres. L'apparecchiature Audi A1 f'apparecchiature Audi Brussels, l'apparecchiature Audi A1 b'apparecchiature 1.1 velocità., L'apparecchiature Audi A1 f'apparecchiature Audi Brussels, l'apparecchiature Audi A1 f'apparecchiature 1.2 litres.
Hypermarcas e'n corporation S.A. (societé S.A.) is a member of Hypermarcas in Brazil, y compris drugs. Is l'industria pharmaceutique degli Hypermarcas, f'un propriétaire d'entreprise S.A., Hypermarcas e'n corporation S.A. is a company S.A. se'n corporation S.A.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama, where Washington D.C. are an ethnic group in the U.S. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group., Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama, which is part of Lee County, Alabama, where Washington D.C. are an ethnic group in the United States. Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama
The 1955 Dodge Dodge, a type of V8 engine, was manufactured by Dodge, and it has a 3 speed automatic transmission., The 1955 Dodge Dodge is produced by Dodge, a 5 speed automatic transmission.
GMA New Media y Felipe Gozon is a member key person of GMA New Media, which operates mobile applications. Is l'Agglomération Network Center, Filippina., GMA New Media y Felipe Gozon is a member key person of GMA New Media in Philippines. L'Agglomération Network Center is l'Agglomération Network Center., GMA New Media y Felipe Gozon is a member key
Bionico e's dessert which is variation of Ice cream. It has a variation of Ice cream., Bionico e's dessert which is variation of Ice cream, it has a variation of Ice cream.
107 Camilla, epoch date of 31 December 2006, f. Vilas, it has an orbital period of 2368.05 days and its apoapsis is 560937000.0 km. It has an orbital period of 2368.05 days. Its periapsis is 479343000.0 km. It has an apoapsis de 560937000.0 km., 107 Camilla, epoch date of 31 December 2006, was discovered by F. Vilas,
The Audi A1 is a constructeur of Audi, which was manufactured by Audi. It has a related mean of transport in SEAT Ibiza., The Audi A1 is made by Audi, which has a related mean of transport in SEAT Ibiza., The Audi A1 is produced by Audi, which has a related mean of transport in SEAT Ibiza., The Audi A1
Albany, Georgia y is part of Dougherty County, Georgia, where the leader is Mayor. Is a member of the U.S. Albany, Georgia in Dougherty County, Georgia, which is a member of the Asian Americans., Albany, Georgia (part of Dougherty County, Georgia) is a member of the U.S. L'Albany, Georgia is a member of the Asian Americans
Alison O'Donnell e's genre of jazz. Alison O'Donnell e's musician autoharp., Alison O'Donnell e's genre of jazz, and he's performer Autoharp., Alison O'Donnell e's genre of jazz.
AMC Matador, a fabricante degli American Motors, is a cause of Eagle (automobile), l'Amérique Motors., AMC Matador, a fabricante degli American Motors, has a cause of Eagle (automobile)., AMC Matador, manufactured by the American Motors, ha a cause of Eagle (automobile) l'Amérique Motors.
L'universitas Apulensis is l'Universitas Apulensis. L'universitas Apulensis is l'universitas Apulensis, il t-universitas Apulensis in Romania., Il t-universitas Apulensis is l'universitas Apulensis (il t-universitas Apulensis). Il t-universitas Apulensis is l'universitas Apulensis.
Alan Martin, who was born on 1st January 1989, is a member of the Hamilton Academical F.C. He plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. It has 185,42 cm and its length is 185,42 cm., Alan Martin, whose footballer's club is Hamilton Academical F.C. He became a member of Crewe Alexandra FC. He fought on 1st January 1989
Azerbaidjan, Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaïdjan. Il Memorial Martyrs' Memorial de Baku n'appartient pas à Bakou. La légitimité municipale d'Azerbaïdjan (Turquien).
Adirham Hall is a country in Sri Lanka. Tamil language is Tamil., Adirham Hall is a country in Sri Lanka.
Poaceae, which is a division of Poales in Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) and it has 3rd runway surface type de poaceae. L'ordinaire was Poales., Poaceae, a division of Poales en Ardmore Airport (New Zealand), ha 3rd runway surface type de poaceae.
The AZAL Arena is located in Shuvalan, Shuvalan., The AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Shuvalan.
ACF Fiorentina is a football club in Serie A, Italy., ACF Fiorentina is a football club in Serie A, Italy., ACF Fiorentina is a football club in Serie A, Italy.
Bananaman, a radiodiffused by BBC, London. Bananaman is a clef person Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead., Bananaman comes from BBC, Londra, a clef person Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead. Bananaman was diffused by BBC, London.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Clayton, Winnebago County, Wisconsin., Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Clayton, Winnebago County, Wisconsin.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. Its motto is Acharya Institute of Technology was born in Bangalore, India., The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India.
Akeem Dent was born on 27th July 1987., Akeem Dent was born on 27th July 1987. , Akeem Dent was born on 27th July 1987. , Akeem Dent was born on 27th July 1987. , Akeem Dent was born on 27th July 1987. , Akeem Dent was born on 27th July 1987. , Akeem
AZAL PFK, Aleksandre Guruli s'engaged in Olympique Lyonnais. Il club degli Olympiques Lyonnais is Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Arem-arem e's ingredient in Arem-arem is banana leaf, ma'r l'enjurnal de Java. Ilm-arem e's più specific to Java. Ma'r n'appartenant d'Indonésia o minced it are gcompres rice cuisined in banana leaf with legumes or minced meat fillings., Arem-arem e
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Barack Obama leads Barack Obama., 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Barack Obama leader is Barack Obama.
L'Arctech Helsinki Shipyard Aleksey Chirikov, l'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, f'appartenant ta' Finns., L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov), f'appartenant ta' Finns, f'appartenant ta' Arctech Helsinki Shipyard., L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov is l'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, f'
The Antwerp International Airport is located in the Flemish region of Flemish, which has 12 metres above sea level. It's operated by the Flemish Government and was operated by the Flemish Government., The Antwerp International airport is owned by the Flemish Region of Flemish, which has 12 metres above sea level.
The Antares (rocket) a launch site in the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, is associated with Minotaur IV. It is comparable to Delta II and it was launched by Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It has a mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, where Minotaur IV originates., The Antares (rocket) a launch site in the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, which is
The Allama Iqbal International airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, which was located in Jinnah International Airport., The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority operate by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, whose headquarters are Jinnah International airport., Allama Iqbal International airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority.
Aaron Turner, a member of the band Twilight and Lotus Eaters (band), is associated with Lotus Eaters. He fought en 1995 in Massachusetts. , Aaron Turner, a member of the band Twilight and Lotus Eaters are associated with Lotus Eaters.
The Aston Martin V8, which was manufactured by Aston Martin RHAM/1, is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1. L'Aston Martin Virage operated by Aston Martin RHAM/1.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States., Anderson, Indiana is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
L'aeroporto Ardmore (New Zealand) a runway name 03R/21L. It has a 3rd runway type of poaceae and it has an runway name 03R/21L., L'aeroporto Ardmore (New Zealand) a runway name 03R/21L. It has a 3rd runway type of Poaceae, a length of 14115.
Walter Baade, who was born in Presistenzisch Oldendorf, a doctoral student of Halton Arp. Walter Baade, whose alma mater is University of Göttingen, has 1036 Ganymed., William Baade, who died in Preitschisch Oldendorf, had he diplome doctoral student Halton Ars, and his Alma mater is University of Göttingen.
Deram Records is located in London., Deram Records is located in London.
Ayam penyet is a member of Java where Banyumasan people are led by Halimah Yacob. Is a part of Singapore where Halimah Yacob is the leader., Ayam penyet is a member of Java where Banyumasan people are led by Halimah Yacob and it is a part of Java, where Halimah Yacob is the leader., Ayam penyet is a member of Java where Bany
Alfred Garth Jones, a breith in Manchester, London, is a nationality of the United Kingdom and died in London., Alfred Garth Jones, a breith in Manchester, England, was born in Manchester, Londra., Alfred Garth Jones, a breith in Manchester, London, died in London.
Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States., Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States.
Frank G Jackson is a leader of Cleveland, in the United States., Frank G Jackson is a leader of Cleveland where 200 Public Square is located., Frank G Jackson is a leader of Cleveland where 200 Public Square is located., Frank G Jackson is a leader of Cleveland where Frank G Jackson is a leader.
Mae'r Acharya Institute of Technology, which is located in Bangalore, India, ta's east-Est de TeKarnataka. Is l'universita' Visvesvaraya Technological University, Ta'r Saoudite, Tha'r Araïna.
Abradab, originated Katowice, Poland. Abradab, originated Katowice, Poland. Abradab, originated Katowice, Poland. Abradab, originated Katowice, Poland. Abradab, originated Katowice, Poland. Abradab, originated Katowice, Poland. Abradab, originated Katowice, Poland. Abradab, originated Katowice, Poland. Abradab, originated Katowice, Poland. Abradab, originated Katowice,
 Silvio Berlusconi serves the A.C. Milan, where Silvio Berlusconi is a président.,  Silvio Berlusconi serves the A.C. Milan, where Silvio Berlusconi is a président.,  Silvio Berlusconi is a président of A.C. Milan, where Silvio Berlusconi is a président.,  Silvio Berlusconi is a président of A.C. Milan
The ALCO RS-3 is a builder of Montreal Locomotive Works and a four-stroke engine., The ALCO RS-3 is a built by Montreal Locomotive Works and a 4-stroke engine.
Andra's singer is the pop music genre, disco. It has an funky fusion genre of Disco., Andra's singer is the pop music genre, Disco.
Aleksandra Kovač's background is solo singer., Aleksandra Kovač's background is solo singer.
GMA New Media a type of media company., GMA New Media is a type of media company.
The Audi A1, a type of supermini, is built in Brussels, Belgium. L'Audi A1, f'appartenant à Bruxelles, Belgio, has 1.2 litres de mנוע, l'attrezzatura front-engine, l'auto-trazione avant-strada., L'Audi A1, b'appartenant à Brussels, Belge, c'est la classe Supermini, l'appar
Adam Maher, who played for PSV Eindhoven, is a member of the Netherlands national under-17 football team., Adam Maher, who played for PSV Eindhoven, is a member of the Netherlands national under-17 football team., Adam Maher, who played for PSV Eindhoven, is a member of the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an ISBN number of 1-439-92550-9., The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a media type in Hardcover, which has an ISBN number of 1-439-92550-9., The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an ISBN number 1-539-92550-9. It has an ISBN number 43-29-92550-9., The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librari
Andrew Rayel, a member of Jwaydan Moyine, performs house music and plays House music., Andrew Rayel, a member of Jwaydan Moyine, is a member of Jwaydan Moyine.
Batagor, o Siomay, in Indonesia, is a variation of Shumai. It is a variation of Siomay and it is a variation of Shumai., Batagor, o Siomay, is a variation of Shumai.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama. It is in the United States., Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama.
10 Hygiea e's orbital period of 5.57 days., 10 Hygiea e's orbital period of 5.57 days., 10 Hygiea e's orbital period of 5.57 days.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera BSpartak. Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia.
Tomo is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce in Lazio., Tomo is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce in Lazio.
HOK SVE, 3Arena is located in Dublin, Dublin. It has a completion date of December 2008.
 Dublin is part of Leinster.,  Dublin is part of Leinster.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi., Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi.
Bacon Explosion is in the United States, where Joe Biden is led by Joe Biden. Is a member of the U.S. and its capital is Washington D.C.
Adam McQuaid, who was born in Canada, is a English language., Adam McQuaid, who was born in Canada, is a English language.
Albany, Oregon is a country in the United States., Albany, Oregon is a country in the United States.
Abilene, Texas is part of Taylor County, Texas, United States., Abilene, Texas is part of Taylor County, Texas, U.S.
Sausage is a sausage of Bacon Explosion in the Kansas City metropolitan area. Is l'ingrédient de bacon Explosion in the U.S., y compris le Sausage. It is l'ingrédient de bacon Explosion in the Kansas City metropolitan area., Sausage is a main ingredients from Bacon Explosion in the Kansas City metropolitan area.
The media type of higher the Veil is Hardcover., The media type of higher the Veil is hardcover.
Adonis Georgiadis serves the Vice Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping., Adonis Georgiadis serves the Vice Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping., Adonis Georgiadis serves the Vice Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping.
L'Alhambra, a propriétaire de P&O company, was built by Samuda Brothers. It is 63800.0 millimetres long. L'Alhambra, a bénéficier d'Albhumbra, a moyenne de 63800.0 millimetres., L'Alhambra, a propriétaire de P&O company, operated by Samuda Brothers, has 63800.0 millimetres long.
The Apollo 8 is operated by NASA., The Apollo 8 is operated by NASA.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense e'n campionato brasiliano Cérie C, f'en bref en 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. It is a champion in Vila Nova Ftiye Clube., Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense e'n patrocinato de 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, f'en Brésil, fidèle à Vila Nova Folfsburg Clube
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, a full name is A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis., A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, a full name is A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis.
The A-Rosa Luna a length of 125800.0 millimetres is 125800.0 millimetres., The A-Rosa Luna a length of 125800.0 millimetres is 125800.0 millimetres., The A-Rosa Luna a length of 125800.0 millimetres is 125800.0 millimetres and it has a length of 125800.0 millimetres.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, where Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States., Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, where Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States., Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, where Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States.
Abel Hernández e'n club degli U.S. Città di Palermo, a manager of Giuseppe Iachini, ed e'n club degli U.S. Citta di Palermo, y fought in Serie A., Abel Hernández e'n club degli U.S. Citta di Palermo, o fought in Serie A.
Macabi Tel Aviv B.C., j'ai coach Jan Tabac., Macabi Tel Aviv B.C., j'ai coach Jjan Tabac., Macabi Tel Aviv B.C.
Akeem Dent e's former team is Atlanta Falcons. Akeem Dent fought in Atlanta Falcons, whose capital was Bob McNair., Akeem Dent fought in Atlanta Falcons, whose owner is Bob McNair. He's former team is Atlanta Falcons and he's former team is Atlanta Falcons., Akeem Dent fought in Atlanta Falcons, whose
Aaron Hunt e'n club de VfL Wolfsburg, Goslarer SC 08 and SV Werder Bremen., Aaron Hunt e'n club de VfL Wolfsburg, Goslarer SC 08 and SV Werder Bremen., Aaron Hunt e'n club de VfL Wolfsburg, Goslarer SC 08 and SV Werder Bremen., Aaron Hunt e'n club de VfL Wolfsburg, Gos
Marv Wolfman created Auron (comics character Auron) and Marv Wolfman.
Adam McQuaid a club is Boston Bruins, Ohio. Don Sweeney and John Sweeney are an general manager of Boston Bruins. , Adam McQuaid a club is Boston Bruins, Ohio. Don Sweeney operates for Boston Bruins, Ohio., Don Sweeney plays for Boston Bruins in Columbus, Ohio. Adam McQuaid a club is Boston Bruins.
Ajoblanco, y compris in Andalusia, it is a barbecue, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil. Ajoblanco's main ingredients are Bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil., Ajoblanco comes from Andalusia, it is a barbecue, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil. Ajoblanco's main ingredients are Bread, almonds, garlic, water
Anderson, Indiana is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States., Anderson, Indiana is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Ab Klink was born in Pays-Bas, Erasmus University Rotterdam. Is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party., Ab Klink was born in Pays-Bas and is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal Party.
Abilene, Texas a total area of 286.5 square kilometres is 524.0 km. La densità population density in 429.9 (inhabitants per sq km). Abilene, Texas a total area of 286.5 square kilometres., Abilene, Texas a total area of 286.5 square kilometres is 524.0 km. La densità population density in 429.9 (inhabitants per sq km.
Elliot See, a student of Texas at Austin, was born in Dallas, St. Louis and died on 28th February 1966., Elliot See, a member of the University of Texas at Austin, is deced by St. Louis, whose nationality is United States. He died on 28th February 1966. She died in Dallas, St. Louis.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II and the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0., The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II, which was launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0., The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II and it was launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
L'aerfort regionale d'Alpena County Regional Airport has a length of 1533.0., L'aerfort régional dell'Alpena County Regional Airport has a length of 1533.0.
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia, o Jusuf Kalla., Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia, o Joko Widnikovo, o Jusuf Kalla.
Washington, D.C. is the capital of the United States where Bacon Explosion originates from Washington, D.C., The bacon Explosion operates from Washington, D.C. is part of the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Airbus Defence and Space is a constructeur of Ariane 5., Airbus Defence and Space is manufactured by Ariane 5.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, y compris Vila Nova Fampeonato Clube, Brazil, is a member of Vica. Il battaglione Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, bénéficie de 17000 membres, y compris Vila Nova Ftiye Clube., Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, y compris Vila Nova Ftiye Clube, Brasil, f'appartenant Vica,
1634: The Ram Rebellion which has 512 pages., 1634: The Ram Rebellion which was authored by Eric Flint, is 512 pages., 1634: The Ram Rebellion which has 512 pages.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. Lars Løkke Rasmussen is a member of the European University Association.
Buzz Aldrin, a defunted in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, is a member of Apollo 11 and was a member of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963. Buzz Aldrin, a married to Apollo 11. He died in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, maed by Edwin E. Aldrin Jr., Buzz Aldrin, a particolari label Edwin E. Aldrin Jr.
The Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. L'aerroport international Allama Iqbal is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. Il y serves Lahore, Pakistan, where Anwar Zaheer Jamali is a leader., L'aerroport international Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by an Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was published by Eric Flint, is a hardcover., 1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was authored by Eric Flint, is a hardcover.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez e'r manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan, a member of Jorge Humberto Rodríguez, a club c.D. FAS., Jorge Humberto Rodríguez e'r manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan, a member of C.D. FAS., Jorge Humberto Rodríguez e'r manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan, a member of Jorge Hu
Fiat Croma, y compris Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Fiat Croma., The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Fiat Croma.
Icolo e Bengo is part of Luanda Province, in Angola. L'icolo e Bengo is 159 km above sea level in Metres., Ícolo e Bengo is part of Luanda Province, in Angola, y compris 159 km/h. Il Icolo e Bengo is part of Luanda Province. L'icolo e Bengo is part of Luanda Province. L'icolo e
A.T. Charlie Johnson, l'ebook of AIP Advances is A.T. Charlie Johnson and l'ebook of AIP Advances has coden code AAIDBI., A.T. Charlie Johnson, l'ebook of AIP Advances is A.T. Charlie Johnson. L'ebook of AIP Advances is A.T. Charlie Johnson. L'ebook of AIP Advances is A
In Uttar Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, is part of Bundelkhand. L'aerfort agra has 167.94 metres above sea level., L'aerfort agra was located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Awadh.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is a band of RCA Records. It has a background in Zamba (artform) where Alfredo Zitarrosa originated from Ciro Pérez and a solo singer., Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, was a solo singer, e's genre de Zamba (artform). Is a solo singer Alfredo Zitarros
Airey Neave, a member of Airey Neave, was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the World War II. He became active on 30 Meitheamh 1953. It is a member of Airey Neave who fought in the World War II., Airey Neave fought in Knightsbridge and fought on 30 Meitheamh 1953. He fought in the World War II and fought on 30 Meitheamh 1953.
Elliot See, a St. Louis, is part of the Kingdom of France, y's Alma mater de l'université Texas at Austin, e'r affiliation avec l'université Texas System., Elliot See, a St. Louis, est parti du royaume f'en France, y's Alma mater de l'université Texas at Austin, o'r affiliation avec l'université
Stuart Parker e'r footballer, whose club is Stockport County F.C. in Stockport County F.C. and was manager of A.F.C. Blackpool. Its manager is Drogheda United FC., Stuart Parker e'r footballer, whose club is Stockport County F.C.
Mae's AIDAstella, a costruzione di Meyer Werft, was built by Costa Crociere. It is 253260.0 millimetres long and it has 32.2 km long., Mae's AIDAstella, a chantier de Meyer Werft, operated by Costa Crociere, had 32.2 km long.
Arròs negre is a Cuttlefish ingredient., Arròs negre is a Cuttlefish ingredient., Arròs negre is a Cuttlefish ingredient.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, which has coden code (ATISET). It is abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst., ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. it has coden code ATSET., ACM Transactions on Information Systems are abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst.
Bronze is a material of Atatürk Monument in İzmir., Briots are a matériel de bronze.
Peter Stoger is a manager of 1. FC Köln., Peter Stoger is a manager of 1. FC Köln.
Ammetador AMC Matador, which was assembled at Thames, New Zealand, is a member of AMC V8. It has a alternative name called VAD Classic., Ammetador AMC Matador in Thames, New Zealand, operated at Thames, New Zealand, it has a station wagon and has a vantaggio de ACM V8., Ammetador AMC Matador's alternative name
Aaron Hunt, who played for SV Werder Bremen II, is a member of Goslarer SC 8., Aaron Hunt, who played for SV Werder Bremen II, was a member of VfL Wolfsburg. He plays for SV Werder Bremen II and Goslarer SC 8.
The Alhambra is 8.3 m long and has a beam of 8,3 m long., The Alhambra is 8.3 m long and has a beam of 8.3 m.
Airey Neave, a fought in the Battle of France, was born on 30th March 1979. It has an ordre of the British Empire., Airey Neave, a fought in the Battle of France, had an ordre of the British Empire.
Lum e's gnome sedan Bandeja paisa, a bhfuil an ingredient de Lemon. Ilm e's gnome ta' Cirus., Lum e's gnome bandeja paisa, a bhfuil an ingredient de Lemon. Lhom e's gnome ta' Cirus., Lum e's gnomo bandja paisa is gnome ta' Cirus.
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata. It has a city of Athens, which was serves by Athens. The Athens International Airport is located in Spata., The Athens International Airport is located in Spata.
Mae Batagor s'intègre batagor in Indonesia, is a peanut sauce. Siomay et siomay are a base de renseignements concernant le dumpling fish fried with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Julia Morgan, a became in San Francisco, Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. Julia Morgan, who was born in San Francisco, operated by Asilomar Conference Grounds., Julia Morgan, a became in San Francisco, New York Herald-Examiner per Los Angeles Herald-Examiner, is part of Asilomar State Beach.
Aaron Turner e'n band Sumac and Sumac is a member of the band Sumac., Aaron Turner, a member of the band Sumac, was a member of the band Sumac and Sumac. Is a member of the band Sumac., Aaron Turner, a member of the band Sumac (band Sumac), has a member of the band Sumac., Aaron Turner, a member of the band Suma
GMA New Media s'agissant de la World Wide Web. It is a media company in America Wide Web., GMA New Media s'agissant de l'Improvisation, c'est a media company in the World Wide Web. , GMA New Media s'agissant d'inידור, c'est a media company in World Wide Web. , GMA New Media s'agissant de la World Wide
Arròs negre is in the Valencian Community and Cuttlefish., Arròs negre is part of the Valencian Community and Cuttlefish., Arròs negre is in the Valencian Community and Cuttlefish.
Amdavad ni Gufa y is located in Gujarat, India. Is l'Indiens leader T. S Thakur. Amdavad ni Gufa y is áilte in Ahmedabad., Amdavad ni Gufa y is located in Gujarat, India. Is l'Indiens leader T. S Thakur. It is l'Indiens leader T. S Thakur. , Amdavad ni Gufa y is 
Auburn, Alabama is a country in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group of Auburn, Alabama., Auburn, Alabama is a country in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., Auburn, Alabama is a country in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Akeem Ayers, a former team is Los Angeles Rams, Los Angeles, Los Angeles. He coach Mike Mularkey, and he debuted with Los Angeles Rams, Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum., Akeem Ayers, a former team is Los Angeles Rams, Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, Los Angeles, Los Angeles, Los Angeles. He fought in Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. , Akeem A
Mae's ethnic group in Poland is romani people., Mae's ethnic group in Poland is romani people.
Andrew White, a member of the Kaiser Chiefs, is associated with Marry Banilow. Andrew White, a member of the Kaiser Chiefs, has l'album Polydor Records and he performed in 2003., Andrew White, a member of the Kaiser Chiefs, was associated with Marry Banilow, Marry Banilow, Marry Banilow, Marry Banilow. Andrew White, a member of the Kaiser 
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase, which was operated by the United States Air Force. It is a member of the Operation Enduring Freedom., The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase, which was operated by the United States Air Force and fought in Korean War.
Alan Bean a commander in Apollo 12 is David Scott. Alan Bean e's crew member of Apollo 12 as a backup pilot, Alfred Worden, and David Scott was a commander in NASA.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Indiana, where Washington D.C. is led by the Democratic Party (United States) which has Indianapolis capital., Anderson, Indiana is part of Indiana, where Washington D.C. is led by the Democratic Party (United States), where Washington D.C. is led by the Democratic Party.
Aleksandr Chumakov, who played for FC Torpedo Moscow, operated by Valery Petrakov. Aleksandr Chumakov, who died in Russia, is Valentina Matyevenko, a member of the Soviet Union national football team., Aleksandr Chumakov, who plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, was a member of Valery Petrakov, a member of the Soviet Union national football team. A Aleksandr Chumakov
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States, where Abraham A. Ribicoff was spouse of Ruth Ribicoff., Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States, where Abraham A. Ribicoff was spouse of Ruth Ribicoff.
Andrew Rayel, a musician Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander. Andrew Rayel is associated with Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander. Andrew Rayel was associated with Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of Kota SamSpartak., Ahmed Taib Mahmud was a member of Kota SamSpartak.
Anaheim, California e's leader of the United States House of Representatives is Tom Tait. Anaheim, California e's part of California, where Tom Tait and Tom Tait are leaders., Anaheim, California e's leader of the United States House of Representatives is Tom Tait. Anaheim, California e's member of the United States House of Representatives.
17R/35L, Abilene Regional Airport is located in Abilene, Texas. It has a runway name 17R/35L and it has a length of 2194.0 metres above sea level., The Abilene Regional Airport is located in Abilene, Texas. It has a runway name 17R/35L et a length of 2194.0 metres above sea level. It has a IATA location
Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil and a main ingredients are Tomatoes, rouge chili, garlic, olive oil., Tomatoes, rouge chili, garlic, olive oil and it is main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th July 1987. Akeem Dent is a member of Atlanta Falcons. , Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th July 1987. , Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th July 1987. , Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th July 1987. , Akeem Dent
Arròs negre, in Spain, is an ingredient of Cuttlefish., Arròs negre, originated from the Valencian Community, is an ingredient of Cuttlefish., Arròs negre comes from the Valencian Community and it is part of Cuttlefish.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr., who was born on September 9th 1995, is a member of Florida Panthers., Aleksandrer Barkov Jr., who was born on September 9th 1995, has a member of Florida Panthers., Aleksandrer Barkov Jr., who was born on September 9th 1995, had a member of Florida Panthers., Aleksandrer Barkov Jr., who was born on
Buzz Aldrin a bhaint as a pilote battaglione. It was retired., Buzz Aldrin a bhaint as a pilote battaglione.
GMA New Media, which is located in Quezon City, Philippines. Is l'industria dei mass media, y compris le mass media., GMA New Media, j'est l'industrie dei mass media, f'appartenant à Quezon City, Philippines., GMA New Media, g'appartenant à Quezon City, Philippines, b'appartenant a mass media.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per sq km. It has a total area of 486.2 square kilometres and it has a total area of 490.9 square kilometres., Albuquerque, New Mexico, a total area of 486.2 square kilometres and a total area of 4901.9 square kilometres. It has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per sq km
Appleton International Airport serves Appleton, Wisconsin in Greenville, Wisconsin. It is part of Little Chute, Wisconsin., Appleton International Airport serves Appleton, Wisconsin in Greenville, Wisconsin.
The variation of a dessert is a dessert., The variation of a dessert is a dessert, which has a variation of a dessert., The variation of a dessert is a dessert and the variation of a dessert.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas., Amarillo, Texas includes Potter County, Texas.
L'Accademia de Business and Social Sciences presso l'Université Aarhus is affiliated with l'Aarhus University Association., L'Accademia de Business and Social Sciences presso l'Université Aarhus, a headquarter in Brussels.
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia, massima at Java. Arem-arem comes from Indonesia, but moins spécifique to Java., Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia, massima at Java, massima at Java.
Dan Mishkin, a creator de Bolt, Ernie Colon, Puerto Ricans. Dan Mishkin is an creator of Bolt, Larry Bolatinsky., Dan Mishkin is an creator of Bolt, a comic character Bolt, a created by Ernie Colon, Puerto Ricans and Dan Mishkin., Dan Mishkin is an creator of Bolt, a comic character Bolt, a former Puerto R
Akeem Ayers, a former team of St. Louis Rams, was drafted for 39 and it has an 2 round., Akeem Ayers, a former team of St. Louis Rams, is a former team of St. Louis Rams.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Rad l'Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students whose campus is Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Rad l'Indiana. It had 700 postgraduate students., In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Rad l'Acharya Institute of Technology (in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Rad 
Arròs negre is in Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader of Spain. Is a monnaie degli Euro. Arròs negre is in Spain, where felipe VI is the leader., Arròs negre is in Spain, where felipe VI is the leader.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. A.C. Chievo Verona, in Italy, has 39371 membres., Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S.r.l.
Il Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Il y a southeast of Cumberland County, Maryland. L'11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. L'11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania., L'11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. L'11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in
Hypermarcas e'r marchandise de drogues. Hypermarcas e'r in São Paulo, Brésil, is a member of the president of the Suprem Federal Court., Hypermarcas e'r in São Paulo, Brésil, brésil, y compris drugs. Hypermarcas e'r in São Paulo, Brésil. Is a part of the President of the Supr Federal Court
Bhangburg is in Hongrie., Bhangburg s'in Hongrie.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cleveland. It has 45 floors.
The LCCN number 57059226., The LCCN number 57059226., The LCCN number 57059226., The LCCN number 57059226., The LCCN number 57059226., The LCCN number 57059226.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Stáit Uniti. Gale Brewer is part of New York City, Stáit Uniti., L'Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Stáit Uniti.
Beef kway teow is a palm sugar ingredient in bref keow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, squelette, sected black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, Lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesamo oil., Beef kway teow is a palm sugar ingredient in bref keow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, 
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and it is located in Cumberland County, Maryland. It's southest of Cumberland County, Maryland. Its north is Cumberland County, Maryland. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000. It's south is Cumberland County, Maryland. It's south is Cumberland County, Maryland. It's south is Cumberland County, Maryland. It
Marriott International is a member of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors. It has 23 floors., Marriott International is a member of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors. It has 23 floors., Marriott International is a member of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, where 23 floors are 23 floors.
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa where Cape Town., The capital of South Africa is Cape Town.
In Italy, l'Italie n'est denommée Italians., L'Italie n'emmène italianos.
Adam Koc a bhaint as Cross of Valour (Polainn)., Adam Koc a bhaint as Cross of Valour (Polainn).
Illinois Illinois is a part of DuPage County, Illinois. Susana Mendoza was the leader of Chicago degli Stati Uniti., 300 North LaSalle in Chicago is located in DuPage County, Illinois, where Susana Mendoza is led by Susana Mendoza., 300 North LaSalle in Chicago is located in DuPage County, Illinois, United States, where Susana Mendoza is a member of the U.S.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, i Grèce, is l'Albany Tsipras et Nikos Voutsis and Nikos Voutsis in Greece., A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, i Ghréig, is l'Albany, Nikos Voutsis, is l'Albany.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Sarawak, is a member of Borneo British Borneo. Abdul Taib Mahmud, fought in Sarawak, sarawak. , Abdul Taib Mahmud, became a member of Borneo British Borneo and his successor was Adenan Satem., Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak, Abdul Taib Mahmud, wresting in Sarawak
La Crosse, Wisconsin is a member of Trane who was founded on 1st janvier 1913., Trane was founded on 1st janvier 1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin., Trane was founded on 1st janvier 1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin.
L'Italie e's leader is Laura Boldrini, Pietro Grasso. L'Italie e's capital in Rome. Is l'Italie a città degli Italiani, cioè Pietro Grasso.
Mae's Barny Cakes, a varietà de cioccolata., Mae's Barny Cakes, a varietà de chocolat.
Mae'r AIDAstella, l'operator dei Costa Crociere, operates AIDA Cruises, has a longueur de 253260.0 millimetres. L'entreprise di AIDAstella, Meyer Werft, ha a longueur de 253260.0 millimetres., Mae'r AIDAstella, l'operator dei Costa Crociere, had a longueur de 253260.0 millimetres, mae'r 
(66391) 1999 KW4 a rotation period is 9953.28., (66391) 1999 KW4 a rotation period is 9953.28.
L'aeroporto international Atlantic City, a runway name 4/22 is 1873.0 and it has a length of 1873.0. L'arrivée de l'Autorité Portuaire New York and New Jersey, y identifier an icao location identifier KACY., L'arrivée de l'Antar International Atlantic City, a runway name 4/22 is 1873.0 and operates by Port Authority New York and New Jersey
The Ariane 5 is a launch site in Guiana Space Centre, part of Kourou, French Guiana. L'Ariane 5 was launched by ELA-3., L'Ariane 5 comes from Guiana Space Centre, part of Kourou, French Guiana. L'Ariane 5 has l'Ariane 5 (part of Kourou, French Guiana).
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, which is located in Madrid, has a runway name 14L/32R., Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, y ha a runway name 14L/32R. Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, which has a runway name 14L/32R., Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, which
A Long Long Way, followed by The Secret Scripture., A Long Long Way, followed by The Secret Scripture. A Long Long Way, followed by The Secret Scripture., A Long Long Way, followed by The Secret Scripture.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has an population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per sq km., Ann Arbor, Michigan has an population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per sq km., Ann Arbor, Michigan has an population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per sq km., Ann Arbor, Michigan has an population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per sq km.
Duncan Rouleau, a cruthaíonn Duncan Rouleau, Americans. Baymax is a film de Big Hero 6 and starred Jamie Chung., Duncan Rouleau, a cruthaíonn Duncan Rouleau, Americans.
 Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Cornell University is affiliated with Association of Public and Land-grant Universities.,  Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Cornell University is affiliated with Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Cornell University is affiliated with Association of Public and Land-grant Universities.
The rocket Antares, a base de la Vandenberg Air Force Base, is comparable avec Minotaur IV. It was launched in the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, where Minotaur IV originates., Il rocket Antares, a base de la Vandenberg Air Force Base vandenberg Air Force Base, it has a orbite mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, y compris Minotaur IV.
Ícolo e Bengo is in Angola. It is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola., Ícolo e Bengo is in Angola. It is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola.
Bananaman, a stuzzid by Bill Oddie, f'essor Bill Oddie. Bananaman, b'essor Bill Oddie in 1983-3., Bananaman (b'essor Bill Oddie) is a first aired on 3rd octobre 1983.
Bryning Lane, A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 membres a bryning Lane., A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 membres a bryning Lane., A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 membres a bryning Lane.
Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States. It has Washington D.C. capital., Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States. Auburn, Alabama is located in Washington D.C., Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka. Its bed count is 476 litres., Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka. It has 476 litres., Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka and its bed count is 476 litres.
Auburn, Washington e's part of Pierce County, Washington. Auburn, Washington e's part of Pierce County, Washington. It is part of Pierce County, Washington. C'est le capital de Washington, D.C. in the United States., Auburn, Washington e's part of Pierce County, Washington (D.C). Auburn, Washington e's part of Pierce County,
L'aeroporto Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas serves Alcobendas, a length of 3500.0., L'aeroporto Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas serves Alcobendas, a length of 3500.0., L'aeroporto Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas serves Alcobendas, a length of 3500.0., L'aeroporto Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Bara
 Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Cornell University is affiliated with Association of American Universities and it has its nickname Cornell Big Red.,  Cornell University is located in Ithaca, Nuja, New York. Cornell University is affiliated with Association of American Universities. Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Cornell University is affiliated with Association of American Universities.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaïdjan, where Artur Rasizade is the leader of Artur Rasizade. Its monument is granite and white marble. It was dedicated to Ottoman Army soldats uccisi lors de la Bataille di Baku., The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaïdjan, where Artur Rasizade is led by Artur Rasizade
Garth Nix, Aenir has a ISBN number of 1-439-17684-0., Aenir is l'auteur de Garth Nix, Garth Nix and it has a ISBN number 00-439-17684-0., Aenir has a ISBN number 00-439-17684-0. It has a ISBN number 00-439-17684-0.
HOK SVE is an architecte of 3Arena in North Wall, Dublin., HOK SVE is an architecte of 3Arena in North Wall, Dublin.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois., Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois.
Maruusi is located in Marousi., The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi., The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi.
 Hook'em (mascot) is a mascott of University of Texas at Austin.,  Hook'em (mascot) is a mascott of the University of Texas at Austin.,  Hook'em (mascot) is a mascott of University of Texas at Austin.
The AIDAluna, which is owned by AIDA Cruises, was located in Rostock, California. It has a power type of AIDAluna.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Alfons Gorbach, a breith in Imst, fought in Imst, and died in Imst., Alfons Gorbach, a breith in Imst, ha breith in Imst, a breith in Imst., Alfons Gorbach, a breith in Imst, a breith in Imst, a breith in Imst, a breith in Imst.
Adam Koc a fought in Poland-Soviet War and became an order of Polonia Restituta., Adam Koc a fought in Poland-Soviet War and became an Order of Polonia Restituta. Adam Koc a fought in Poland-Soviet War and became an order of Polonia Restituta., Adam Koc a fought in Poland-Soviet War and became an order of Polonia Restituta. Adam Koc a fought in Poland-Soviet War
Aenir is a member of the Aenir, which was preceded by Aenir., Aenir is a member of the Aenir.
Bionico, y compris granola, it is a dessert. Bionico, y compris granola, y compris granola, y compris granola., Bionico, y compris granola, y compris granola, c'est a dessert.
Binignit y compris ta' Visayas, it is a dessert. Binignit e'n delizieux binignit i pauvreté na Visayas, mais tá an ingredient in Banana., Binignit y compris ta' Visayas, c'est un granturco bénéficier d'un mauvais potato ni banana. Il secours binignit y compris ta' Visayas,
L'Ariane 5 l'Ariane 5 was manufactured by the European Space Agency. Il diametro de 5.4 metres is 5.4 metres, il battaglione 2004-03-02. L'Ariane 5 l'Ariane 5 had its maiden ship on ELA-3, and it has an final battle on 27th September 2003., L'Ariane 5 ha Its maiden airport on 2nd March 2004. L'Ariane 5 l'Ariane 5
Bionico, a granola, Shreddar Coconut, Raisins, is in Guadalajara, Mexico. Bionico's main ingredients are Chopped Fruits, Sour cream, Condensed Milk, Granola, Shreddar Coconut and Raisins., Bionico's main ingredients are Copped Fruits, Sour cream, Condensed Milk, Granola, Shreddar Coconut, Raisins, y compris Guadalajara, Mexico. Il
Atlanta, Indiana is part of Madison County, Indiana. Anderson, Indiana is the largest city in Madison County, Indiana., Alexandria, Indiana (part of Madison County, Indiana) is part of Madison County, Indiana.
The Baked Alaska is a dessert., Baked Alaska is a dessert.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon where Portland, Oregon is the largest city., Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, Oregon where Portland, Oregon is the largest city.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, which has 1500 membres, is a EPSTH 2nd GROUP., A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, with 1500 membres, was a member of 1500 members, and it plays in EPSTH 2nd GROUP., A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, whose team plays in EPSTH 2nd GROUP, has 1500 membres.
A.D. Isidro Metapán, a full name is Associationación Deportiva., A.D. Isidro Metapán, a full name is Associationación Deportiva., A.D. Isidro Metapán, a full name is Associationación Deportiva.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Sarawak, sarawak. Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak., Abraham Taib Mahmud was born in Sarawak, sarawak and fought in barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak.
F. Vilas has 107 Camilla discovered by F. Vilas., 107 Camilla was discovered by F. Vilas., 107 Camilla was discovered by F. Vilas.
The ALCO RS-3 is 17068.8 millimetres long and has 12 cylindres, a length of 17068.8 millimetres., The ALCO RS-3 was constructed by Montreal Locomotive Works and has 12 cylindres, a length of 17068.8 millimetres.
Abilene, Texas n'est part of Texas. It is the capital of Washington D.C. and it is a language English., Abilene, Texas n'est propriétaire de Washington D.C.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas., Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. English is a language that can be found in Great Britain., A Fortress of Grey Ice is in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
L'indirizzo AIDS (journal) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. It is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. L'indirizzo AIDS (journal) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins., Ilindirizzo AIDS (journal) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. Ilindirizzo AIDS (journal) is published by Lippin
Cleveland is part of Cuyahoga County in Ohio, a governing body of Cleveland City Council., Cleveland is part of Cuyahoga County in Ohio, a governing body of Cleveland City Council. It is part of Cuyahoga County in Ohio, a governing body of Cleveland City Council., Cleveland is part of Cuyahoga County in Ohio, a governing body of Cleveland City Council.
Akeem Dent e'n football team Atlanta Falcons, l'université de Houston Texans. Arthur Blank is a member of Atlanta Falcons, l'université de Houston Texans., Akeem Dent e'n football team Atlanta Falcons, l'université de Houston Texans, l'université de Houston Texans, l'université de Houston Texans, l'université de
Asam pedas is a part of Malaysia, i Malaysian Chinese. Is l'imbian Arifin Zakaria in Malaisie. Tha Malaysian Indian is l'hérif degli Aichuan Zakaria., Asam pedas is a part of Malaysian India and it is l'Indie Lankani.
The AIDAstella is operated by the AIDAstella on 17 March 2013., The AIDAstella is operated by the AIDAstella on 17 March 2013., The AIDAstella is operated by the AIDAstella on 17 March 2013., The AIDAstella is operated by the AIDAstella on 17 March 2013.
Joseph Klaus, whose alma mater is l'université di Vienna.,  Josef Klaus, whose Alma mater is l'université di Vienna.
Mae AmeriGas, which is operated by AmeriGas in the U.S., Mae AmeriGas comes from the United States.
L'Alhambra, a longueur de 63800.0 millimetres, has a wrecked status., L'Alhambra, a feidhme in 8.3 m, had a wrecked period. L'Alhambra, a longueur de 63800.0 millimetres, has a wrecked stádas.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It's west of Franklin County, Pennsylvania. Carroll County, Maryland and contributing property., The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It's west of Franklin County, Pennsylvania. It's southest of Carroll County, Maryland et Contributing property. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County,
Aaron S. Daggett, a member of Maine, fought in Battle of the Wilderness and fought in Battle of the Wilderness. He died in West Roxbury, but became part of Maine., Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine, fought in Battle of the Wilderness and fought in Battle of the Wilderness and fought in Battle of the Wilderness.
The A-Rosa Luna, whose christening date is April 4th 2005, was 125800.0 millimetres., The A-Rosa Luna, whose christening date is April 4th 2005, has a length of 125800.0 millimetres., The A-Rosa Luna ha a length of 125800.0 millimetres. It has a length of 125800.0 millimetres.
Trinidad is a destination of Point Fortin., Port Fortin is a country of Trinidad.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana, where Americans are an ethnic group in the United States., Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana, Stuben County, Indiana.
The Delta II is launched by Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., The Delta II was launched by Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana., Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana.
20 Fenchurch Street, which was buildinged on Jan 2009., 20 Fenchurch Street, is located on Jan 2009., 20 Fenchurch Street, which was buildinged on Jan 2009., 20 Fenchurch Street, which was buildinged on Jan 2009., 20 Fenchurch Street, which was buildinged on Jan 2009., 20 Fenchurch Street, operated by Jan 2009., 20 Fenchurch Street, inaugurated on Jan 2009., 20 Fen
Adam Koc, who was a member of Virtuti Militari, fought in the World War I., Adam Koc, who has won Virtuti Militari, fought in the World War I and fought in the World War I.
Il stadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is part of Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. Il torneo municipal Cuaracy da Mata Fonseca and Vila Nova Ftiye Clube.
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire on 18 November 1923, and died in California. Alan Shepard is a member of NWC, M.A. 1957., Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire on 18th October 1923, became a member of NWC, M.A.
Mae'r Ayam penyet, l'Ayam penyet in Java, is a member of Java. It can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore. Its main ingredient is fried chicken or squeezed fried chicken served with sambal.
 Asuncion is part of Gran Asuncion.,  Asuncion is part of Gran Asuncion.
The Aston Martin V8, which has 5.3 litres, is assembled by Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom. The Aston Martin V8 comes from Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, Regno Unit. It has 5.3 litres, and an Aston Martin RHAM/1., Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom, was assembled by Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire
(66063) 1998 RO1, which has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km/km. It has an minimum temperature of -71.0 (degree Celsius), a maximum temperature of 500.0 Kelvins and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km/m., (66063) 1998 RO1, which has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km/m. it has an minimum temperature of -71.0 (
Ahmad Kadhim Assad e'r member of Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C. Adnan Hamad, ma'r manager degli Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana o Covington, Indiana. Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana. Washington D.C. and it is part of Fountain County, Indiana., Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana in the U.S.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport serves San Sebastián de los Reyes., Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport serves San Sebastián de los Reyes.
Adam Holloway, who was born in Kent, Cambridge, is a member of the Conservative Party UK. Adam Holloway's Alma mater is Magdaleen College, Cambridge., Adam Holloway, who was born in Kent, Kent, and his Alma mater is Magdaleen College, Cambridge.
Mae Alvah Sabin, a defunted in Sycamore, Illinois, is a member of the Whig Party (United States) where Henry Clay died., Mae Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party (United States) where Henry Clay died. Is a member of the Whig Party (United States), where Henry Clay died., Mae Alvah Sabin fought in Sycamore,
The Al-Taqaddum Air Base is a 84.0 elevation above sea level., The Al-Taqaddum Air Base is a 84.0 elevation above sea level., The Al-Taqaddum Air Base is a 84.0 elevation above sea level.
A-Rosa Luna, a boulevard Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. A-Rosa Luna, a ferramentat Neptun Werft en Rostock, Germania. It is deonym to Germans. Il y compris Neptun Werft in Rostock, France., Il y compris Neptun Werft in Rostock, germania, Stanislaw Tillich and Neptun Werft operates Neptun Werft.
Andrew Rayel, a member of the band Christian Burns, is Jonathan Mendelsohn. Andrew Rayel performs Trance music and was active in 2009.
Aaron Bertram a genre is Ska punk, whose stylistic origins funky in Punk rock. Its band member is Brian Robertson (trombonist) agus was associated with Kids Imagine Nation., Aaron Bertram a genre is Ska punk and has its stylistic origins funky in Punk rock.
Cristian Panucci, a manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio, is Christian Panucci, who plays for the Italian national football team., Cristian Panucci, a manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio, operates by Christian Panucci, in Italy national football team.
John Madin, a governing body of Birmingham City Council, was Andrew Mitchell. John Madin, a governing body of Birmingham City Council, but Andrew Mitchell is a member of the B postcode area., John Madin, a governing body of Birmingham City Council and Andrew Mitchell is a led by Andrew Mitchell.
Aerfort International Airport Atlantic City, New Jersey, which is part of New Jersey. It has an runway length of 308.0 km/h, a length of 308.0 km/h., Aerfort International Airport Atlantic City in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, which is part of New Jersey, United States.
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is 14R/32L.
Austin, Texas is a leader of Austin, Texas in the United States., Austin, Texas is a leader of Austin, Texas in the U.S. It is a City Manager., Austin, Texas is a leader of Austin, Texas in the United States.
Associazione of Public and Land-grant Universities, Cornell University is published by Cornell University. Is affiliated with Association of Public and Land-grant Universities.
Andra, a genre pop music, is pop music. Andra, a performer actively in 2000.
Atlanta, Indiana is part of Madison County, Indiana, in the United States. Anderson, Indiana is an largest city in Indiana., Alexandria, Indiana is part of Madison County, Indiana, in the U.S. A.S.
Alberto Teisaire, who died o Buenos Aires, is Diego Santilli., Alberto Teisaire, who died o Buenos Aires, was a leader of Buenos Aires, Diego Santilli., Alberto Teisaire, who died o Buenos Aires, defeadh o Buenos Aires, Diego Santilli.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a member of the United States in Great Britain, where Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians are an ethnic group., Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a member of the United States in Great Britain, where Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians are an ethnic group.
(410777) 2009 FD which has an orbital period of 39447000.0, has an periapsis de 88234300.0., (410777) 2009 FD which has an orbital period of 39447000.0, has an periapsis de 88234300.0. Its periapsis is 88234300.0., (410777) 2009 FD which has an orbital period of 39447000.0, has an periapsis de 88
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba, Manitoba., Alex Plante was born in Manitoba, Manitoba.
Il ALV X-1 is originated in the United States, where White Americans are one of the ethnic groups., Al ALV X-1 is originated in the United States, where White Americans are one of the ethnic groups., L ALV X-1 is originated in the United States, where White Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located in Auckland., The Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located in Auckland.
Austrian German is a member of the Austrian German., Austrian German is a member of the Austrian German.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds are added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 March 1987., The Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove, California and was ajouted to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 March 1987., The Asilomar Conference Grounds are added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 March 1987.
Alan B. Miller Hall, which is located in Virginia, United States, was architected by Robert A. M Stern. Alan B. Miller Hall, whose current Tenants are Mason School of Business.
The South Jersey Transportation Authority is a leader of Stephen Dilts., Sidney Dilts are leaders of the South Jersey Transportation Authority.
The AIDAluna is located in the United States, where Douglas R Oberhelman and Douglas R Oberhelman are key persons., Douglas R Oberhelman or Douglas R Oberhelman are key persons of Caterpillar Inc..
Alan Bean, who was born in Wheeler, Texas, is a member of NASA. He operates Apollo 12 comes from the United States and has a pilot test pilot., Alan Bean, who was born in Wheeler, Texas, became a member of NASA, as a member of NASA.
Abilene, Texas y is part of Texas, Austin, Texas. Is l'immense city in Texas, Austin, Texas., Abilene, Texas y is part of Texas, Austin, Texas, where the capital is Austin, Texas. It is l'immense city in Texas.
Arròs negre, arròs negre, in Catalonia, is part of Catalonia. Is a gran ingrediente dei Cephalopod ink and it can be found in Catalonia., Arròs negre, or cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle Peppers, is part of Catalonia, where the main ingredient is Cephalopod ink., Arròs negre,
The A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States., A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the U.S.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages, a number of ISBN 0-49-92550-9., The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages, a number of ISBN 0-49-92550-9., The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages, a number of ISBN 0-89-92550-9., The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages, a number of
Ayam penyet is a food from Java o Singapore, where Baduy and Baduy are an ethnic group., Ayam penyet is a part of Java o Singapore, where Baduy are an ethnic group., Ayam penyet comes from Java o Singapore, where Baduy are an ethnic group.
Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University., The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000, by Dr G. P. Prabhukumar and operated by Dr G.P. Prabdnikovar. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Abilene, Texas s'occupa de Washington D.C. in the U.S.; it is part of Texas, where Washington D.C. is an capital., Abilene, Texas s'occupa de Washington D.C.
Sandesh (confectionery) is a dessert from Mexico, where Enrique Peña Nieto and Enrique Peña Nieto are the leaders.
Hypermarcas, which is found in São Paulo, produce drugs., Hypermarcas, which is located in São Paulo, manufacture drugs., Hypermarcas, which is located in São Paulo, produce drugs., Hypermarcas, which is located in São Paulo, producing drugs.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, where Don Tripp is led by Don Tripp., Albuquerque, New Mexico, where Don Tripp is led by Don Tripp.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay where Tabaré Vázquez is the leader., Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay where Tabaré Vázquez is the leader.
A Wizard of Mars, which has Diane Duane and its ISBN number is 31775313]., A Wizard of Mars's author was Diane Duane and his ISBN number is 31775413].
Hypermarcas y was founded on 1st April 2001 and is subsidiary of Mantecorp., Hypermarcas y was founded on 1st May 2001 and it was founded on 1st March 2001., Hypermarcas y was founded on 1st April 2001 and has its subsidiary of Mantecorp., Hypermarcas y was founded on 1st December 2001 and operated by Mantecorp.
Mae, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil is a main ingredients of Ajoblanco., Mae, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil is a main ingredients of Ajoblanco., Mae, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil is a main ingredients of Ajoblanco.
L'Angola International Airport serves Luanda in Luanda, y compris 159 km/h. L'Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, a part of Luanda Province. Il'Angola International Airport serves Luanda, agus 159 km/h., L'Angola International Airport serves Luanda, y compris 159 km/h. L'Angola International Airport includes 159 km/h. L'Angola
Akeem Ayers, a former team of St. Louis Rams, fought in St. Louis, St. Louis, c'est Tennessee Titans., Akeem Ayers, a former team of St. Louis Rams, fought in St. Louis, C'est Tennessee Titans., Akeem Ayers, a former team of St. Louis Rams, fought in St. Louis, St. Louis
Georgia (U.S.) is a country in the United States.,  Georgia (U.S.) is a country in the United States.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Austin, Texas., Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Austin, Texas., Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Austin, Texas.
Duncan Rouleau, a nationalità degli Americans, is Steven T Seagle. Baymax (film Big Hero 6) starring Scott Adsit., Duncan Rouleau, a nationalità degli Americans, was Steven T Seagle and stars Scott Adsit. Baymax (film Big Hero 6) starring Scott Adsit.
Airey Neave a service was inaugurated in 1935., Airey Neave a service was inaugurated in 1935.
Anders Osborne signed with Shanachie Records and Shanachie Records., Anders Osborne signed with Shanachie Records and Shanachie Records., Anders Osborne signed with Shanachie Records and Shanachie Records.
Mae's batchoy is a Vegetable ingredient., Mae's batchoy is a Vegetable ingredient., Mae's batchoy is a Vegetable ingredient., Mae's batchoy is a Vegetable ingredient.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The AMC Matador, a type of station wagon, was assembled o Thames, New Zealand. It has an alternative name to American Motors Matador and is operated o Thames, New Zealand. Il y compris l'AMC V8 moteur., Il y compris l'AMC Matador, a type of station wagon, it has an alternative name to American Motors Matador.
Arrrabbiata sauce is in Italy, where Rome is the capital., Arrrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy, where Rome is the capital.
The United States Air Force aerei, operated by Lockheed AC-130 and Lockheed AC-130, is a Boeing C-17 Globemaster III. It was a fighter of the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon in Panama., The United States Air Force aeree's carrier Al Asad airbase which has a cargat a Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and Lockheed AC-130.
Ajoblanco, a currency is Euro, Spain. Ajoblanco, a currency is euro, l'Espagne in cui felipe VI de Spáinn., Ajoblanco, a currency is Euro, l'Espagne comes from Spanjains. Ajoblanco, a currency is Euro, l'Espagne commerçant dal Felipe VI de Spáinn.
Pietro Canonica is a designer of Atatürk Monument in İzmir., Pietro Canonica is a designer of Atatürk Monument in İzmir.
William Anders, who was born in Hong Kong British Hong Kong, fought Apollo 8.
Il ALV X-1 originated from the United States, where Washington D.C. is an ethnic group of White Americans. L'hymne was The Star Spangled Banner., Il ALV X-1 originated from the United States, where Washington D.C. is an ethnic group of White Americans.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a member of Lancia Spartak. It was assembled in Arese and is a member of the Alfa Romeo 164, which is related to Fiat Croma., The Alfa Romeo 164 is a member of the Alfa Romeo 164 which is related to Fiat Croma and is assembled in Arese. Is a member of the Alfa Romeo 164 which is related to Fiat Crom
Aaron Turner, whose genre is Drone music, plays for Twilight band and Greymachine., Aaron Turner, whose genre is Drone music, was associated with Twilight band and Greymachine., Aaron Turner, whose genre is Drone music, performs for Twilight band and Greymachine.
Asam pedas, which is a food found in Sumatra and Tamil Peninsula, Malaysia. Asam pedas comes from Sumatra and Malesia. It's main ingredients are fish cuisined in sour and hot sauce., Asam pedas comes from Sumatra and Malaisie, Malaysia. It's main ingredients are fish cuisined in sour and hot sauce. It's main ingredients of Asam pedas originates
1634: The Bavarian Crisis e's followed by 1634: The Baltic War, David Weber. It is a language in English., 1634: The Bavarian Crisis e's followed by 1634: The Baltic War, David Weber. It was authored by David Weber. It is a language in English., 1634: The Bavarian Crisis e's followed by 1634: The Baltic War
L'American Journal of Mathematics is an abbreviated to Am J. Math., L'American Journal of Mathematics has an first publication in 1878 and has an iSSN number 1080-6377.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka., Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka.
Stuart Parker played for Bury F.C. and plays for Bury F.C.
Adirm Hall Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka. It has architectural style Tudor Revival architecture and was acheved in 1931., Adirm Hall Adisham Hall (appartenant in Sri Lanka) had architectural style Tudor Revival architecture.
Allen Forrest, who was born in Fort Campbell, KY, a fought in Dothan, AL. Allen Forrest is a solo singer., Allen Forrest, who was born in Fort Campbell, KY, eleved in Dothan, AL, has a background as a solo singer.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis preceded by The Grantville Gazettes., 1634: The Bavarian Crisis preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
Massimo Drago played for S.S. Chieti Calcio., Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio.
Richard A. Teague, a' employer of General Motors, was the designer of AMC Matador de Richard A Teague., Richard A. Teague, a' employer of General Motors, is the designer of AMC Matador de Richard A Teague., Richard A. Teague, a' employer of General Motors, was the designer of AMC Matador de Richard A Teague., Richard A. Teague,
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaïdjan., The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaïdjan., The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaïdjan.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, which has a runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas and its runway name is 4349.0. Its runway name is 610.0., Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, which has a runway name in Aviation ENAIRE, it has a runway name:
The AIDAluna is actively completed in the 22nd March 2009., The AIDAluna was actively served in the 22nd March 2009., The AIDAluna has actively played in the 22nd March 2009., The AIDAluna had actively played in the 22nd March 2009., The AIDAluna fought in the 22nd March 2009., The AIDAluna fought in the 22nd March 2009., The AIDA
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is in the U.S. United States has an ethnic group of Native Americans and Barack Obama.
The 4th runway surface type of Asphalt, Andrews County Airport has 973.0 metres above sea level., The 4th runway surface type of Asphalt, Andrews County Airport has 973.0 metres above sea level., The 4th runway surface type of Asphalt, Andrews County Airport has 973.0 metres above sea level and it has 973.0 metres above sea level.
Elliot See, a defunted by St. Louis, was born on 23 July 1927 in Dallas, Austin. L'université of Texas at Austin is a test pilot., Elliot See, a defunted by St. Louis, attended le University of Texas at Austin and fought on 28 February 1966.
Abilene, Texas a part of Jones County, Texas. Abilene is part of Jones County, Texas in the U.S., Abilene, Texas a part of Jones County, Texas, a runway length of 2194.0 and a runway length of 2194.0., Abilene, Texas (part of Jones County, Texas), a part of Jones County, Texas.
The runway length of Athens International Airport is 3800.0., The runway length of Athens International Airport is 3800.0.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, a chiffre d'un million de student is 600. L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, in Switzerland, was established in 1996. Il y compris 600 studente f'un chancellor fédéral per la Svizzera., L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, a chiffre d'un million de studentes ha 600 students faight
Abraham A Ribicoff, a member of the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare. Abraham A Ribicoff, who was born in New York City, operated by the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare., Abraham A Ribicoff, a member of the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare, is a member of the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial in Azerbaïdjan, is a dedicator do soldato Ottoman Army uccisi sa Battle of Baku. Is é an t-Azerbaijan, a bhfuil feidhmchlár ar bhonn granite agus margadh blanc., Bun t-Azerbaijan, a bheith gníomhachtaithe le haghaidh militaire uachtarán orthu a
Li County, Alabama is in Alabama., Li County, Alabama is in Alabama.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) is operated by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, Finland. It has a longueur de 99.83 and it has a length of 21.2 km., L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) is operated by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, Finland. It has a longueur de 99.83 km/h. L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker)
11/29 is the runway name of Andrews County Airport., 11/29 is the runway name of Andrews County Airport.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, London. It is a led by the European Parlaimint., 20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, London, which is a led by the European Parlement.
Alan Shepard, whose senatore Dianne Feinstein, died il 21th July 1998., Alan Shepard, whose senatore Dianne Feinstein, died il 21th July 1998, died in California., Alan Shepard, whose senatore Dianne Feinstein, died il 21st July 1998, died in California.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia Vermont, Vermont. He a member of Whig Party (United States), Daniel Webster. Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia Vermont, Vermont.
Al Asad Airbase, l'Operating organisation of Al Asad airbase, operated by the United States Air Force, and Lockheed AC-130, l'aéronef fighter General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon, f'en 1986 bombardement de Libia., The United States Air Force is l'oibriúcháin Général Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon, l'aéronef fighter general Dynamics F-16 Fight
Cármen Lúca is a leader of Brazil., Cármen Lúca is a leader of Brazil., Cármen Lúca is a leader of Brazil.
Anders Osborne, a member of Rabadash Records, performer Rhythm and Blues., Anders Osborne is a member of Rabadash Records and has a record label Rabadash Records., Anders Osborne's genre is Rhythm and blues.
Poaceae, a class of Monocotyledon, is a monocotyledon. Poaceae, a division of Cerelinids, and it has a 2nd runway surface type de Poaceae., Poaceae, a class of Monocotyledon, can be part of Commelinids, a group of Commelinids, a member of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) a 2nd runway surface type de Poaceae.
The Acura TLX is a motor Honda J., The Acura TLX is a moteur Honda J., The Acura TLX is manufactured by Honda J.
L'arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, in Italy. It is an ingredient of the Arrabbiata sauce and it is chili Pepper., L'arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, in Italy. L'arrabbiata sauce originates from Rome.
Mae'r Baked Alaska in France, mae'r from New York. Is a base de Meringue. L'ingrédients bae'r Baked Alaska in France, y compris le merungue., Mae'r Baked Alaska in France, mae'r baked Alaska en France, mae'r new York. It is a base de Meringue., Mae'r Bak
Atlanta s'occupa degli Stati Uniti, in Georgia. It is part of DeKalb County, Georgia., Atlanta s'occupa degli Stati Uniti, in Georgia. Atlanta s'occupa degli Stati Uniti.
Stuart Parker, a footballer in Sparta Rotterdam, is a manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, whose manager is Stuart Parker., Stuart Parker, a footballer in Sparta Rotterdam, plays for Sparta Rotterdam., Stuart Parker, a footballer in Sparta Rotterdam, operates A.F.C. Blackpool, whose manager is Stuart Parker.
Ayam penyet is a base in Java, y compris settoressa Banyumasan people. L'université de Singapour c'est Halimah Yacob. Il n-ethnic group type Ayam penyet f'en Java, l'université cinese standard chinois., Ayam penyet f'en Java g'un groupe ethnique genre Banyumasan people, l'université ta' Halimah
Aleksandre Guruli, a member of FC Karpaty Lviv, is a member of Olympique Lyonnais, a football club de Olimpique Lyonnais, Jean-Michel Aulas. Is a member of FC Karpaty Lviv, Aleksandre Guruli, a member of FC Karpaty Lviv., Aleksandre Guruli, a member of FC Karpaty Lviv, it is a member of Olympique Lyonnais, a
Audi A1, a motor body style in Audi Brussels, is 1,2 litres. It has 1.2 litres as a feithicle assembled by Audi Brussels., The Audi A1, a motor body style in Audi Brussels, is 1,2 litres and it was assembled by Audi Brussels., The Audi A1, a motor body style in Audi Brussels, operated by Audi Brussels.
William Anders, a member of Apollo 8, was born in Hong Kong British Hong Kong. William Anders, whose alma mater is AFIT, M.S. 1962., AFIT, M.S.
3Arena e's inaugurated on December 2008 in Dublin. It has a completion date of December 2008., 3Arena e's built by Populous ( company) and was acheved on December 2008., 3Arena e's inaugurated on December 2008 in Dublin, it has a completion date of December 2008., 3Arena e's inaugurated on December 2008 in Dublin.
Aleksandra Kovač s'associe avec Kornelije Kovač and Kornelije Kovač. He is a member of Kornelije Kovač genre Rhythm and blues., Aleksandra Kovač s'associe avec Kornelije Kovač, Kornelije Kovač et Kornelije Kovač.
Greenville, Wisconsin is a governed by Appleton International Airport in Greenville, Wisconsin. It is part of Menasha (town), Wisconsin. Il y compris Clayton, Winnebago County, Wisconsin., Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Menasha (town), Wisconsin and it is part of Clayton, Winnebago County, Wisconsin.
Bill Oddie starred Bananaman a Bill Oddie.
Ase Wilder was born on 23 July 1982., Ase Wilder was born on 23 July 1982., Ase Wilder was born on 23 July 1982.
(66063) 1998 RO1 epochta 2013-11-04, it has an orbital period of 360.29 days and an apoapsis de 254989570.60815 km., (66063) 1998 RO1 epochta 2013-11-04, it has an orbital period of 360.29 days and an apoapsis de 254989570.60815 km. It has an epoch date of 31 December 2013. It has an orbital period of 360.29 days and an apoap
Arem-arem e'n ingredient in Arem-arem, which is part of Indonesia. It has an ingredient in banana leaf., Arem-arem e'n ingredient in Arem-arem, which is part of Indonesia.
Stuart Parker, a footballer in Runcorn F.C. Halton, is a member of A.F.C. Blackpool, which plays for Drogheda United F.C. and runcorn f.C. Halton., Stuart Parker, a manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, was a member of Drogheda United F.C.
Abel Hernández e'n club in Uruguay national football team., Abel Hernández e'n club in Uruguay national football team., Abel Hernández e'n club in Uruguay national football team.
 Vica is a manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense., Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's manager is Vica., Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's manager is Vica., Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's manager is Vica.
The LCCN number of Abdnikov aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg, Hamburg has 32024459].
Gabriela Michetti is a leader of Argentina. 
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was located in U.S. Route 83, which is added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988., Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was located in U.S. Route 83.
The area total of Alexandria, Indiana is 6,81 square kilometres and a population density of 755.3 inhabitants per sq km., The area total of Alexandria, Indiana is 6,81 square kilometres and a population density of 755.3 inhabitants per sq km., The area total of Alexandria, Indiana has 6,81 square kilometres and a population density of 755.3 inhabitants per sq km.
Agra Airport is located in Agra., Agra Airport is located in Agra.
In 2014, AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 membres. Is 5 000 membres and is a member of the AFC Ajax (amateurs) fought in Buitencategorie., The AFC Ajax (amateurs) fought in 2014.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff, a length of 737 student. The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928., The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is a total area of 74.33 square kilometres. A population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per sq km., Ann Arbor, Michigan has a total area of 73.04 square kilometres., Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per sq km. It has a total area of 74.25 square kilometres., Ann Arbor, Michigan has a total area of
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, California, y compris San Francisco Bay Area., Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, California, y compris San Francisco Bay Area. It is part of Contra Costa County, California, y compris Spanish language., Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, California, y compris San Francisco Bay Area.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians, followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones., Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians, followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. A.S. Roma, a football club in Serie A, f'appartenant a Juventus F.C.
The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact factor of 1.37., The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact factor of 1.37.
Buzz Aldrin, a NASA operated Apollo 11 e'n mission of Apollo 11., Buzz Aldrin, a NASA operated Apollo 11 e'n mission of Apollo 11., Buzz Aldrin, a NASA operated Apollo 11 e'n mission of Apollo 11., Buzz Aldrin, a NASA operated Apollo 11 e'n mission of Apollo 11., Buzz Aldrin, a NASA operated Apollo
 110 Lydia a rotation period is 39332.9 and it has an epoch date of 31 December 2006., 110 Lydia a rotation period is 33932.9 and it has an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
The epoch date of 1099 Figneria is 31 December 2006, a mass de 2.7 kilograms. It has an orbital period 179942000.0 and periapsis 349206000000.0., The epoch date of 1099 Figneria is 31 December 2006, a mass de 2.7 kilograms. It has an orbital period 179942000.0 and periapsis 349206000000.0., The epoch date
John Roberts is a leader of the United States, where Bacon Explosion originates from., John Roberts is a leader of the United States where Bacon Explosion originates from., John Roberts is a leader of the United States where Bacon Explosion originates from., John Roberts is a leader of the United States where John Roberts is a leader.
The Memorial of Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Baku, Artur Rasizade. Il Memorial by Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicato to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Baku, Artur Rasizade.
(66391) 1999 KW4, a density of 2.0 gram perCubic centimetres, it has an epoch date of 14th July 2004. It has an orbital period of 16244700.0. It has an apoapsis of 162164091.4107 km. It has an epoch date of 14th July 2004. It has an orbital period of 16092000.0. It has an apoapsis of 162164091.4075 km. It has
K-W United FC is champions of the Premier Development League League., K-W United FC is champions of the Premier Development League League., K-W United FC is champions of the Premier Development League League.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al-Zawara'a SC. Il-Zawara'a SC. Alaa Abdul-Zahra playing for Al-Zawra'a SC., Al-Zawara'a SC, Alaa Abdul-Zahra formerly member of Al-Zawara'a SC.
The Antares rocket is a final season on 28th August 2014.
Aaron Turner e's genre of Avant-garde metal., Aaron Turner e's genre of Avant-garde metal.
New Jersey serves the capital of Trenton, New Jersey., New Jersey serves the capital of Trenton, New Jersey.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinîu, Moldova., Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinîu, Moldova.
The Flemish region is a leader of the Flemish Government., The Flemish Region is a leader of the Flemish Government.
Bananaman, a radiodiffused by BBC, starred by Graeme Garden.,  Bananaman, a radiodiffused by BBC, starred by Graeme Garden., Bananaman, a radiodiffused by BBC, starred by Graeme Garden.
John Roberts is a leader of the United States, where John Roberts and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Agusín Barboza, who was born in Asuncion, Paraguay, date 5/5/ 1913., Agusín Barboza, who was born in Asuncion, Paraguay, on 5/5/ 1913., Agusín Barboza, who was born in Asuncion, Born in Asuncion, Paraguay, data 55/9 1913., Agusín Barboza, who was born in Asuncion, Paraguay, is part of Asuncion.
In India, Bhajji is a member of T. S Thakur. In India, c'est deonym as Indian people., Bajji is a member of T. S Thakur in India, where T. S Thakur is a leader., Bhajji is a member of T. S Thakur in India, where T. S Thakur is a member of T. S Thakur.
Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, Greece, operated by the Minister of Economia, Development and Tourism. Makis Voridis is succeeded by Makis Voridis.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was born in the All India Council for Technical Education. It was officially designed by blue, White and Orange., All India Council for Technical Education is led by all India Council for Technical Education.
William Anders, who a member of Apollo 8 is Frank Borman and was a backup pilot Buzz Aldrin., William Anders, who a member of Apollo 8 has the date of retirement on 1st July 1969, f'or Frank Borman, became a backup pilot Buzz Aldrin.
Allen Forrest's genre is pop music., Allen Forrest's genre is pop music.
Java contains an ethnic group in Baduy., Java has an ethnic group in Baduy.
Aleksandra Kovač e's genre of Soul music., Aleksandra Kovač e's genre of Soul music.
Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Barack Obama and White Americans are led by Barack Obama. Is a member of the U.S. Washington D.C.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaïdjan, Artur Rasizade and Hilmi Güler. Its designer is Hüseyin Btiyener et Hilmi Güner., Inauguration of Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaïdjan, Artur Rasizade (Artur Rasizade).
Alberto Teisaire, a nationalita' Argentina, is an Argentine., Alberto Teisaire, a nationalita' Argentina, is an Argentine.
Abel Hernández e'n club in U.S. Citta di Palermo, a peñarol., Abel Hernández e'n club in U.S. Citta di Palermo, a Peñarol., Abel Hernández e'n club in U.S. Citta di Palermo, a peñarol., Abel Hernández e'n club in U.S. C
Andrew Rayel e's associated with Mark Sixma and Mark Sixma., Andrew Rayel e's associated with Mark Sixma and Mark Sixma., Andrew Rayel e's associated with Mark Sixma and Mark Sixma. He's associated with Mark Sixma and Mark Sixma., Andrew Rayel e's associated with Mark Sixma and Mark Sixma.
 Austin, Texas e' part of Texas, United States.,  Austin, Texas is part of Texas, United States.
A Severed Wasp is a country in the United States, where Barack Obama and Barack Obama are leaders. A Severed Wasp comes from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The apoapsis of 1099 Figneria is 603618000.0 km. It has an متوسط speed of 16.37 km per sec., The apoapsis of 1099 Figneria is 308418000.0 km, it has an apoapsis of 530018000.0 km. It has an متوسط speed of 16.37 km per sec., The apoapsis of 1099 Figneria's apoapsis of 410718000.0 km/
Asa Gigante, Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is champions de Vila Nova Ftiye Clube., Bremyade Campeonato Brasileiro Série C in Brasil, Brazil, Asa Gigante and Vila Nova Ftiye Clube. , Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is champions de Vila Nova Ftiye Clube.
Appleton International Airport serves Appleton, Wisconsin, part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin., Appleton International Airport serves Appleton, Wisconsin, part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, whose alma mater is University of Adelaide.,  Abdul Taib Mahmud, whose Alma mater is University of Adelaide.
Stanislaw Tillich is a leader in Germany., Stanislaw Tillich is a leader in Germany.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is 737 academic staff., The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is 737 academic staff., The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is 737 academic staff.
Tarrant County, Texas is in the United States., Tarrant County, Texas is in the United States.
Abner footballer played for C.D. FAS., Abner footballer played for C.D. FAS.
The Administrative Science Quarterly was abbreviated by Admin. Sci. Q. and coden code of ASCQAG., The Administrative Science Quarterly has an abbreviated by Admin. Sci. Q. and coden code is ASCQAG., The Administrative Science Quarterly has an abbreviated by Admin. Sci. Q. and coden code: ASCQAG., The Administrative Science Quarterly has an abbreviated by Admin
The AIDAstella, whose christening date is March 16th 2013, has a longueur de 253260.0 millimetres., The AIDAstella, whose christening date is March 16th 2013, had a longueur de 253260.0 millimetres., The AIDAstella, whose christening date is March 16th 2013, has a longueur de 253260.0 millimetres.
Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil and Amatriciana sauce in Lazio. It is a base of ingredients amatriciana which originates from Lazio. Is a base of pommes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil., Amatriciana sauce originated from Lazio, it is a base of granciale but is a base of pomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil.
John Buscema awards the Eagle Award (comics)., John Buscema awards John Buscema is Eagle Award.
The متوسط speed of 1036 Ganymed is 16.86 km/s., The متوسط speed of 1036 Ganymed has 16.86 km/s., The متوسط speed of 1036 Ganymed's متوسط speed is 16.86 km/s., The متوسط speed of 1036 Ganymed's متوسط speed is 16.86 km/s., The متوسط speed of 1036 Ganymed's 
Robert Gates, a student Alan B. Miller Hall is located in Virginia, Virginia. Is a member of the College William & Mary and Robert Gates., Alan B. Miller Hall was located in Virginia, Virginia, where Robert Gates has a chancellor as Robert Gates.
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, New Hampshire, died in California. Alan Shepard is a member of the American Defense Service Ribbon.svg., Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire and died on 21th July 1998, has a member of the American Defense Service Ribbon.svg., Alan Shepard, who had a member of the American Defense Service Ribbon.svg.
Alan Martin, a footballer is Crewe Alexandra F.C., The club Alan Martin's footballer is Crewe Alexandra F.C.
 Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Danmhairg., And Lars Løkke Rasmussen is led by Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
The La Crosse, Wisconsin is a total area of 58.38].
Elizabeth T. Seagle was created by Baymax, Steven T. Seagle and Duncan Rouleau in film Big Hero 6., Duncan Rouleau is a creator of Baymax, Steven T. Seagle (film Big Hero 6).
Avocado contains an Avocado genre of Persea., Avocado comes from Persea., Avocado comes from Persea.
Abilene, Texas a part of Abilene, Texas. L'aerfort régional Abilene n'est pas loin d'Abilene, Texas. L'aerfort régional Abilene n'est degli Stati Uniti. Il y aerfort régional Abilene is 1121.0.
The AZ Alkmaar has 17023 member., The AZ Alkmaar has 17023 member.
The ISBN number of Addiction (journal) is 6036719., The ISBN number of Addiction (journal) has 7367197., The ISBN number of Addiction (journal) is 17367199.
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire on 18th 1923, died in California. Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire on 18 November 1923, became a member of the Department of Commerce Gold Medal., Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire on 18th 1923, became a member of the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Mauricio Macri, l'Argentine is a leader in Argentina. ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) comes from Argentine., Mauricio Macri, l'Argentine is a leader in Argentina. Ara Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) comes from Argentina., Mauricio Macri, l'Argentine is a leader in Argentina.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada., Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where English is the language.
A Severed Wasp e'n in the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. A Severed Wasp comes from the Great Britain, which has an ethnic group of Native Americans., A Severed Wasp comes from the United States where Barack Obama is a leader.
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 membres., The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 membres.
3Arena located in East Link Bridge., 3Arena is located in East Link Bridge.
John Cowper Powys n'aveva notable work for Wolf Solent., John Cowper Powys n'ha notable work for Wolf Solent., John Cowper Powys was notable working for Wolf Solent.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was natively from Turk Spartak Aniti. It is material of granite and white marble., The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was natively from Tur Spartak Aniti, Türk Spartak Aniti. It has matériel de granite rosse and white marble., The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was natively from turk Spartak Aniti.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana., Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana, U.S. A.S.
L'11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where one of the ethnic groups are Asian South Africans. Is a Cape Town and an ethnic group is White South Africans., L'11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where one of the ethnic groups is Asian South Africans. Il'11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where one of the ethnic groups is Asian South Africans.
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of Antonis Samaras, who was born in Atene, Aleksandro Mitsotakis. Adonis Georgiadis is in office while Konstantinos MitsSpartakis and Makis Voridis were Vice-Ministres.
Rock music Al Anderson (NRBQ band NRBQ) has a stylistic origins in country music. 
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is the leader of Canada. Is a group ethnique de Black Canadians. Alex Plante was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is led by Elizabeth II.
110 Lydia epoch date is 31 December 2006.,  110 Lydia epoch date is 31 December 2006.
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ohio. In the United States, Washington D.C. are an ethnic group of Native Americans., Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States, where Washington D.C. are an ethnic group of Native Americans. It is part of Summit County, Ohio., Akron, Ohio (part of Summit County
Jerry Ordway, a nationality of Americans, was created by Bibbo Bibbowski., Jerry Ordway, a nationality of Americans, was created by Bibbo Bibbowski., Jerry Ordway, a nationality of Americans, was created by Bibbo Bibbowski.
A.S. Roma, which is located in Rome, Italy, competed in Serie A., A.S. Roma, whose ground is Rome, Italy, plays in Serie A., A.S. Roma's ground is Rome, Italy.
Akeem Adams played for Ferencvarosi TC in Palo Seco. He is a member of the United Petrotrin F.C. Thomas Doll, where Thomas Doll and Gábor Kubatov was a member of the United Petrotrin F.C.
Elliot See, a defunted in Dallas, St. Louis, was born in Dallas, 1966-02-28., Elliot See, a defunted in Dallas, St. Louis, died in Dallas, St. Louis.
The Antares rocket, which was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, has a maiden Flight on 28th October 2014, a launch site in Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, a diametro de 3.9 metres. It is a final airport on 18 September 2013., The Antares rocket, which was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, operated by Yuzhnoye Design Office, had 
Albert B. White, who died o Parkersburg, West Virginia, was succeeded by William M. O Dawson., Albert B. White, who died o Parkersburg, West Virginia, was succeeded by William M. O Dawson., Albert B. White, who died o Parkersburg, West Virginia, was suc
Auburn, Alabama is part of Alabama., Auburn, Alabama is part of Alabama.
Lancia Spartak 164 is related to the Alfa Romeo 164., Lancia Spartak 164 is related to the Alfa Romeo 164.
Anders Osborne a musician Anders Osborne, whose genre is Rhythm and Blues, was associated with Tab Benoit. He performed in 1989 as rhythm and blues., Anders Osborne a musician Anders Osborne a musician Billy Iuso et Tab Benoit.
Allen Forrest, a solo singer, performs pop music., Allen Forrest, a solo singer, is a solo singer.
Adirham Hall, which is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. It is part of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and it is a Tamil language., Adirham Hall, which is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Bhajji, a gran flour, legumes, is a gran flour. L'ingredient de bhajji è gram flour, vegetables, agus l'ingredient de Bhajji in Karnataka.
The AMC Matador, manufactured by AMC Matador, is Chrysler. Roy D. Chapin Jr., was a key person of the American Motors whose successor is Eagle (automobile) agus Roy D. Chapin Jr.
Agustin Barboza, a solo singer Agustín Barboza, was born in Asuncion. Il singolo singer Agustín Barboza is Guarania., Agustin Barboza, a solo singer Agustín Barboza, was born in Asuncion. Is a solo singer Agustín Barboza, whose genre is Guarania., Agustin Barboza, a solo singer Agustín Barboza, was born in Asuncion,
The ALCO RS-3 is a four-stroke engine., The ALCO RS-3 is a 4-stroke engine.
Ayam penyet is a food ingredient in Ayam penyet, Malaysian Chinese. Is l'Indonésia degli ethnic groups of Malaysia. It comes from Indonesia. Il y compris le sambal. L'Idiraïen cineál di Malaysia; il y compris l'insecticide Ayam penyet originated from Indonesia., Ayam penyet is a food ingredient in Ayam penyet originates from
Abel Caballero, a fought in Ponteareas, Spain. Abel Caballero, a fought in Ponteareas, Spain. Abel Caballero, a fought in Ponteareas, Spain., Abel Caballero, a fought in Ponteareas, Spain. Abel Caballero, a fought in Ponteareas, Spain. Abel Caballero, a fought in Ponteareas, Spain., Abel Caballero, a fought
Ayam penyet originated from Java where the main ingredients are squeezed or squeezed fried chicken served with sambal., Ayam penyet originated from Java where the main ingredients are squeezed or squeezed fried chicken served with sambal., Ayam penyet originated from Java where the main ingredients are squeezed or squeezed
200 Public Square e's completed on 1985., 200 Public Square e's completed on 1985., 200 Public Square e's completed on 1985., 200 Public Square e's completed on 1985.
Akeem Dent, a member of Houston Texans, was born on 27th July 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia., Akeem Dent, a member of Houston Texans, was born on 27th July 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia., Akeem Dent, a member of Houston Texans, was born on 27th July 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia., Akeem Dent, a member of Houston Tex
Albany, Georgia is a leader of Albany, Georgia., Albany, Georgia is a member of theMayor.
L'arrabbiata sauce is in Rome, Italy. L'arrabbiata sauce comes from Roma. Is a granlic ingredient of Arrabbiata which is part of Rome., L'arrabbiata sauce can be found in Rome, Italy. L'arrabbiata sauce originates from Rome.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, where the United States is an ethnic group of African Americans., Albuquerque, New Mexico, comes from the United States where it has an ethnic group of African Americans., Albuquerque, New Mexico, in the United States are an ethnic group of African Americans.
The AMC Matador, which is a member of Port Melbourne, Victoria, was assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria. Its alternative name is VAD Classic. It has a full-size car operated by AMC straight-6 engine.
Asam pedas is a food from Malaysia., Asam pedas is a food from Malaysia., Asam pedas is a food from Malaysia.
Arròs negre is an ingredient in Squid., Arròs negre is an ingredient in Squid.
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ohio in the U.S. St.C. In Washington D.C., l'États-Unis are an ethnic group de Native Americans., Akron, Ohio (part of Summit County, Ohio) is part of Summit County, Ohio.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaïdjan. Its native name is Hüseyin Btiyeler and Hilmi Güner. It was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the Battle of Baku., Turk Spartak Ataturk Turali Aniti are dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi in the
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in 2014., A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in 2014.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain. L'Aviation Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas was operated by ENAIRE., Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain. L'Aviation Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE.
Mae Bananaman, a fût le 15th octobre 1983, John Geering, criait Tim Brooke-Taylor. Bae Bananaman, a bhí diffused by BBC, mae's first aired on 3st octobre 1983., Mae Bananaman, a fût le 15th octobre 1986, ta's last aired on 03rd octobre 1983, a fût le Jon Geering
Dáil Éireann is a part of Leinster, Dublin. Il'appartenant de 3Arena in Dublin, Bailenster, Ireland. Is a dáil Éireann ag Dáil Éireann., Il'appartenant de 3Arena in Dublin, Dublin, Poblacht na République irlandais, Dublin,Irlande. It is a part of Leinster and it is a propriétaire de Live Nation Entertainment.
Mae'r AIDAstella, l'entreprise dei Carnival Corporation & plc, it is operated by Meyer Werft. La AIDAstella, a propriétaire of Costa Crociere, gnìo in Genoa. L'azienda gemellata carnival Corporation & plc, f'enfermer Meyer Werft and l'exploitante di AIDAstella, mae'r مالك Costa Crociere., Mae'
Alan B. Miller Hall is located in Virginia, U.S. He attended on June 5th 2009. It has an Mason School of Business and its current Tenants are Mason School of Business., Alan B. Miller Hall was located in Virginia, U.S. He attended on June 5th 2009, where the current Tenants are Mason School of Business., Alan B. Miller Hall is located in Virginia, U.S.
(19255) 1994 VK8, a periapsis de 6155910000000.0, has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, ed it has an orbital period 878850000.0., (19255) 1994 VT8, a periapsis de 6155910000000.0, has an epoch date of 31 December 2006. It has an orbital period 878850000.0, a periapsis de 6155910000000.0, a
Akeem Ayers, whose linebacker is a Linebacker., Akeem Ayers's position is Linebacker.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana, a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per sq km., Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana, a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per sq km. It's total area of 4.14 square kilometres., Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana, a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per sq km
Al Kharaitiyat SC is a member of Amar Osim. Alaa Abdul-Zahra's club is Al Kharaitiyat SC, where Amar Osim and Amar Osim are leaders., Alaa Abdul-Zahra's club is Al Kharaitiyat SC, where Amar Osim is the manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC, where Amar Osim is a member of Al Kharaitiyat SC., Alai Abdul-Zahra's club
Mae'r Celery, a bhfuil an ingredient in Bakso, mae'r Apium. It is a famille degli Apiaceae., Mae'r Celery, a grange d'Apium, a fháil ar Apium.
 Dale Tallon is a general manager of Florida Panthers. 
Alfred Garth Jones, who was born in Manchester, England, ed died in London., Alfred Garth Jones, who was born in Manchester, England and died in London.
Aaron Turner e'r post-metal, whose genre is post metal. He fought in 1995 and he fought in 1995., Aaron Turner e'r post-metal artist Old Man Gloom, who fought in 1995 and fought in 1995., Aaron Turner fought in 1995 and fought in 1995 and fought in 1995. , Aaron Turner fought in 1995 and fought in 1995.
Aston Martin V8, l'assemblage degli Aston Martin Virage, is a modèle of Aston Martin Virage. L'elaborazione degli Aston Martin Virage, l'Elisabeth II, l'elaborazione degli Aston Martin Virage, l'elaborazione degli Aston Martin Virage., Aston Martin V8, l'elaborazione degli Aston Martin
Hypermarcas, which is located in Brazil, are drugs., Hypermarcas originates from Brazil and belongs to drugs.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy, and it is a Saab 9000. It has a saab 9000 feidhme per lancia Sprache., The Alfa Romeo 164 had a saab 9000 feidhme per lancia Spartak.
Bionico e'n it is a dessert in Mexico, o l'espèce. Bionico comes from Mexico, o l'espèce de la lingua spagnola, y compris Honey., Bionico comes from Mexico, o l'espèce de l'Enrique Peña Nieto, agus became leader of Mexico. Bionico comes from Mexico, o l'
The ACM Transactions on Information Systems, which is abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. It has an academic discipline of Computer Science and it has an SSN number 1558-2868., The ACM Transactions on Information Systems, which was abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst.
Mae's Agnes Kant, l'officier d'Agnes Kant, f'appartenant à Mark Rutte, mae's parti socialista (náisiúnta) nei Paesi Bass. Is é Marc Rutte and Emile Roemer., Mae's Agnes Kant is l'officier de la Partie socialista (Náisiúnta), Mae's nationalità in Paesi Bass, Mme
Abdul Taib Mahmud, whose Party Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu, was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera BSpartak., Adenan Satem, whose successor is Adenan Satem, was succeeded by Adenan Satem, part Pesaka Bumiputera Btiye, where Abdul Taib Mahmud's fought in Kuching.
Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene, Texas, part of Texas., Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene, Texas, part of Texas.
250 Delaware Avenue s'inscrit in Buffalo, New York. 250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York. It has 110 million de dollars and its floor area is 30843.8 square metres., 250 Delaware Avenue s'inscrit in Buffalo, New York, it has 110 milioni de dollars.
A Long Long Way contains 57392395, ISBN number 00-670-03380-4., A Long Long Way contains 57393084, ISBN number 00-670-03380-4., A Long Long Way contains 57396036, ISBN number 00-670-03380-4., A Long Long Way has a ISBN number 0-69-03380-4., A Long Long Way contains 57394107, ISBN number 0-673-0380-4., A Long Long Way
Mae's dessert is a base of Baked Alaska and it has a variation of Cookie., Mae's dessert is a base of Baked Alaska which has a variation of Cookie. Mae's dessert is a base of Baked Alaska, a variation of Cookie. Mae's dessert is a base of Baked Alaska.
Anders Osborne s'oppose Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. Anders Osborne s'associe Billy Iuso, is a member of the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars., Anders Osborne s'associe Billy Iuso et Tab Benoit as a member of the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars in Tab Benoit., Anders Osborne s'associe Billy
L'Italie, l'Istituto Gubbio 1910, is a Italy where Sergio Mattarella and Sergio Mattarella are leaders.
Elliot See, who was born in Dallas, Illinois, died on 27 July 1927., Elliot See, who was born on 28 February 1966, died in St Louis and died in St Louis., Elliot See, who was born on 23 July 1927, died in St Louis.
Bakewell pudding was created by Rutland Arms, Bakewell en 1820. Its main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and  egg., Bakewell pudding was created by Rutland Arms, Bakewell en 1820. Its main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and  egg.
 Meyer Werft is located in Germany.,  Meyer Werft is located in Germany.
In Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka, y compris an currency is Tamil. In Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka, it has the capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte., Adysham Hall in Haputale, Sri Lanka, Indonesia, y can be found in Haputale, Sri Lanka.
Andra, a genre de Rhythm and blues. Andra is a member of the band Puya (singer) o CRBL., Andra performs Rhythm and blues. Andra is a member of the band Puya (singer) o CRBL. Andra has a genre de Rhythm and blues., Andra is a member of the band Puya (singer) o CRBL. Andra is a member of the band
The ISBN number of A Wizard of Mars is 978-20-15-204700-2 and has 560 pages., A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages.
Andrews County, Texas where Andrews County is a member of the county seat., Andrews County, Texas where Andrews County is a member of the county seat., Andrews County, Texas where Andrews County is a member of the county seat.
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ohio. It is a member of the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups., Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ohio in Summit County, Ohio.
The periapsis of 1099 Figneria is 349206000.0. It has an epoch date of 31 December 2006., The periapsis of 1099 Figneria is 349206000.0. It has an epoch date of 31 December 2006., The periapsis of 1099 Figneria is 349206000.0. It has an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 Kelvins., 109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 Kelvins., 109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 Kelvins.
Aleksandre Guruli, a member of FC Karpaty Lviv, is a member of FC Dinamo Bakumi., Aleksandre Guruli, a member of FC Karpaty Lviv, is a member of FC Dinamo Bakumi., Aleksandre Guruli, a member of FC Karpaty Lviv, is a member of FC Dinamo Bakumi.
The Alhambra, which was launched in 1855-05-31, is 8.3 m long., The Alhambra has a beam of 8.3 m long and it was launched in 1855-05-31., The Alhambra had a beam of 8.3 m long and it was Launched in 1855-05-31., The Alhambra ha a beam of 8.3 m long and it was launched in 1855-05-31.
Athens International Airport serves Athens, o Alexis Tsipras. Is a gcomhracta in Greece, l'arrivée degli Alexis Tsipras., Athens International Airport serves Athens o l'arrivée degli Alexis Tsipras is a gcomhracta in Greece, l'arrivée degli Alexis Tsipras., Athens International Airport serves Athens o
Azerbaigian Aleksey Chirikov, is a leader in Finland. Sauli Niinilä, was a led by Sauli Niinilä.
Mae's gâteau Baked Alaska is a pudding, mae's dessert. C'est l'ingrédient de Christmas pudding., Mae's gâteau Baked Alaska has l'ingrédient de Noël pudding. , Mae's gâteau Baked Alaska ha l'ingrédient de Christmas pudding. Mae's gâteau Baked 
Felipe Gozon is a parent company of GMA New Media, y compris Felipe Gozon. Is a parent company of GMA Network (which has felipe Gozon).
Bill Marriott International is the key person of Bill Marriott., The key person of Marriott International is Bill Marriott.
GMA New Media, which is in mass media, produce applications mobiles., GMA New Media, a company of mass media, produce applications mobiles., GMA New Media, a business with mass media, produce applications mobiles., GMA New Media, a member of mass media, produce applications mobiles.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada., Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press and Soho Press, where African Americans are an ethnic group., A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press and Soho Press.
Hypermarcas a type of Hypermarcas, which was founded on 1st January 2001, has a net income of 108600000., Hypermarcas a type of S.A. (corporation), has a net income of 108600000., Hypermarcas a type de Hypermarcas is founded on 1st January 2001, a net income of 108600000., Hypermarcas 
Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom, Aston Martin V8 is a modèle de 5.3 litres., Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, Regno Unit, Aston Martin V8 was assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, UK.
The US submarine NR-1 has a top speed of 8.334 km/h. It is 45000.0 millimetres, and it was launched on 25th January 1969., The US submarine NR-1 has a top speed of 8.334 km/h.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Matsredia., Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Mittredia.
Aaron Turner, a member of the band Lotus Eaters, is associated with Old Man Gloom. He began actively in 1995 and fought in 1995., Aaron Turner, a member of the band Lotus Eaters, was associated with Old Man Gloom.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Indiana where the population density is 523.9 inhabitants per sq km. It has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres and it has 268.0 elevation above sea level., Anderson, Indiana's population density is 523.9 inhabitants per sq km. It has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres and a total area of 268.0.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and it has a runway length of 2989.0 km. It has an elevation of 211 km above sea level in Metres., Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and its runway length is 2989.0 km. It has a runway length of 2989.0 km. It has a runway length of 2989.0 km. It has 211 km above se
Bionico e'n bionico in Guadalajara, Mexico. Il y compris Silvano Aureoles Conejo and Silvano Aureoles Conejo. Bionico e'n secours a dessert de miel., Bionico e'n secours à Guadalajara, Mexico, il y compris Silvano Aureoles Conejo et Silvano Aureoles Conejo. Bionico e'n secours a dessert de
3Arena a Dublin is located in Dublin, Poblacht na Repubblica d'Irlande. Is l'úint de 3Arena Live Nation Entertainment., 3Arena a Dublin is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and it is operated by Live Nation Entertainment., 3Arena a Dublin is located in Dublin, Poblacht na Repubblica d'Irlande.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, a Ticino, is located in Ticino. L'Académie di Architettura di Mendrisio, was established in 1996; Johann Schneider-Ammann ha 600 studenti., L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, a Ticino, has 600 studenti.
Dodge Coronet is a new name in 1955 Dodge Coronet., Dodge Coronet is a New name in 1955 Dodge Coronet.
Alfons Gorbach, who was born in Imst, is a member of the County of Tyrol and died in Graz., Alfons Gorbach, who was born in Imst, is a member of the County of Tyrol and died in Graz., Alfons Gorbach, who was born in Imst, is a member of the County of Tyrol and died in Graz.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas, where Randall County, Texas., Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas, United States.
The runway name of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 07/25 and it has a length of 518.0. It has a 3rd runway surface type de poaceae. It has an elevation above sea level of 34.0, a length of 518.0.
Alfons Gorbach, who was born in Imst, Alfons Gorbach, died in Styria., Alfons Gorbach, who was born in Imst, Austria-Hongheria, died in Styria., Alfons Gorbach, who was born in Imst, germania-Hongheria, died in Styria.
Anaheim, California e'r part of Orange County, California. It is part of Greater Los Angeles Area in the United States. Anaheim, California e'r member of the U.S.
101 Udnikov Way Alan B Miller Hall, which was founded on 30 March 2007., 101 Udnikov Way Alan B Miller Hall, which was building it on 30 March 2007 and is operated on 31 March 2007., 101 Udnikov Way Alan B Miller Hall, which has 101 Udnikov Way.
The AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock., The AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock.
Akeem Ayers, a member of the Tennessee Titans, is a draft round in 2., Akeem Ayers, a member of the Tennessee Titans, was a draft round in 2., Akeem Ayers, a member of the Tennessee Titans, has a draft round in 39.
Mae'r AMC Matador, a militaire degli AMC Matador, was assembled o Port Melbourne, Victoria, in 1971., Mae'r AMC Matador, a militaire degli AMC Matador, is assembled o Port Melbourne, Victoria, in 1971.
The Aston Martin V8, which was succeeded by Aston Martin Virage., The Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1 and its successor is Aston Martin Virage., The Aston Martin V8, a member of Aston Martin RHAM/1, was suc
Anders Osborne e's record label Alligator Records., Anders Osborne e's record label Alligator Records., Anders Osborne e's record label Alligator Records.
FC Tom Tomsk plays for the Russian Football National League., FC Tom Tomsk plays for the Russian Football National League.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is a ground in Italy., A.S. Gubbio 1910 is a ground in Italy., A.S. Gubbio 1910 is a ground in Italy.
San Sebastián de los Reyes, Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport which has a runway length of 3500.0., Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes and its runway length is 3500.0., Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport which has a runway length of 3500.0.
The Ariane 5 is a launch site in Guiana Space Centre, which is located in Guiana Space Centre., The Ariane 5 is a launch site in Guiana Space Centre, which is located in Guiana Space Centre, where the Ariane 5 is a-3].
The Acura TLX 'Acura TLX' is a Honda K Engine., The Acura TLX 'Acura TLX' is a Honda K Engine.
Buzz Aldrin, a nationalità degli Stati Uniti., Buzz Aldrin, a nationalità degli Stati Uniti.
Rock music Alan Frew is a rock music genre, which originated from folk music. It originates from folk music and it originates from folk music.
Aleksandrey Chirikov, l'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, l'imprenditore f'finlande, Sauli Niinilä, l'imprenditore f'finlande., Aleksandrey Chirikov (icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov), l'inhumle f'finlande, Sauli Niinilä, l'inhumle f'finlande, l'inhumle f'
In Indonesia, beef kway teow is a food ingredient in Oyster sauce. Is a base of sapore oyster sauce., Beef kway teow comes from Singapore and Indonesia.
Aaron S. Daggett, who was born in Maine, became a member of the American Civil War and died in West Roxbury., Aaron S. Daggett fought in Massachusetts Civil War and died in West Roxbury.
Abel Caballero, who was born in Spain, is in office while Juan Carlos I de Spáinn, Francisco Franco. Aveva predecessor Francisco Franco and Felipe González., Abel Caballero, who was born in Spain, was in office while Juan Carlos I de Spáinn, Francis Franco, preceded Francisco Franco. Abel Caballero, whose predecessor felipe Gonzalez, became Vice-Ministre Francisco Franco., Abel Caballero
103 Hera e's apoapsis of 437170000.0 km/kg, has a mass of 7.9 kilograms, a escape velocity of 0.0482 km/m., 103 Hera e's apoapsis of 437170000.0 km/m. It has a mass of 7.9 kg, a escape velocity of 0.0482 km/m., 103 Hera e's apoapsis of 437170000.0 km
Al Asad Airbase operated by the United States Air Force, where Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. It bacia in invasion of Panama., Al Asad Airbase operated by the United States Air Force, where Al Asad airbase was operated by the United States Air Force.
Mae's bionico, a bhithos de Jalisco, Mexico. Bionico, a bhithos de Jalisco, is an ingredient di Raisin., Mae's bionico, a bhithos de Jalisco, mexica, mae's bionico, a bhithos de Jalisco.
Alberto Teisaire, a governing body of Buenos Aires City Legislature, Argentina, is Gabriela Michetti. Is l'Argentine in the language Spanish., Alberto Teisaire, a governing body of Buenos Aires City Legislature, Argentina, y compris l'Argentine, whose leader is Gabriela Michetti. Il Presidente de Buenos Aires was Gabriela Michetti. , Alberto Teisaire
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, Akita, Japan., Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, Akita, Japan.
 Agnes Kant, who was born in Hessisch Oldendorf, a member of Radboud University Nijmegen, operated by House of Representatives.,  Agnes Kant, who was born in Hessisch Oldendorf, is a member of Radboud University Nijmegen, and suc
1634: The Ram Rebellion followed by 1635: The Cannon Law., 1634: The Ram Rebellion followed by 1635: The Cannon Law.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by 1634: The Baltic War, Eric Flint., 1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by 1634: The Baltic War, Eric Flint is born in Burbank, California., 1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by 1634: The Baltic War, Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California., 1634: The Ba
Anaheim, California is a leader of the United States House of Representatives in America. It is part of the United States Congress. Anaheim, California is led by Anaheim, California., Anaheim, California is a leader of the United States House of Representatives in America.
Twilight band is a black metal genre., Twilight band has a black metal genre.
AZAL PFK s'inscrivait in Azerbaïdjan, where Qarabag FK is a member of the Azerbaijan Premier League. Is l'Azerbaïdjan and Kurdistan FC are champions. , AZAL PFK s'inscrit in Azerbaïdjan, which has Qarabag FK as a member of the Azerbaijan Premier League. , AZAL PFK s'inscrivait in Azerbaïdjan, where Qarabag FK
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Newmarket, Ontario. Alan Frew is a solo singer whose background is musician.
Marriott International is a tenant de l'AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, situated in Danmhairgis, Denmark. Il tenant de l'AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen was Marriott International.
Gos Poyet, Gus Poyet, a football club in Chelsea F.C. It plays for the Superleague Greece, y compris Champions League Olympiacos FC. Gus Poyet is a manager of Juventus FC. Gus Poyet, a football club in Chelsea FC. Gus Poyet, a football club in Chelsea FC.
The AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 member and is a Superleague Greece. Its ground is Athens, which has 69618 member., Athens f.C. are in the Superleague Greece. It has 69618 member and it has 69618 member., Athens f.C. operated by Ajax Athens F.C. was a Superleague Greece.
 Funk's music fusion genre is Afrobeat.,  funk's musical fusion genre is Afrobeat.
L'Angola International Airport serves Luanda., L'Angola International Airport serves Luanda.
Mae's Mexico, which has an deonym of Mexicans., Mae's Mexico is a demonym of Mexicans., Mae's Mexico comes from Mexicans.
Alfons Gorbach, a breith in Austria-Hongrie, died in Austria-Hongrie., Alfons Gorbach, a breith in Austria-Hongrie, died in Austria-Hongrie, defeadh in Austria-Hongrie., Alfons Gorbach, a breith in Austria-Hongrie, died in Austria-Hongrie, died in Austria-Hongrie., Alfons Gorbach, a breith in Austria
Mae's Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, a dean is Mario Botta. La Dean is Mario Botta, mae's Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, l'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, l'Azienda di Architettura di Mendrisio, l'università per 100 staff.
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois., Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois.
Arlington, Texas has 184.0 elevation above sea level., Arlington, Texas contains 184.0 elevation above sea level.
Abdul Rahman Ya'tiyek was in office while Tudnikovu Bujang TuSpartak Othman.,  Abdul Rahman Ya'tiyek was in office while Tuwysu Bujang Tublanco Othman was Vice President.
The Chinabank, which was founded on August 16th 1920, has 5594 employs. It has 15100000000 operates., Chinabank, where 295 people are founded on August 16th 1920, has 5594 employs. Its net income is 15100000000 and its net income is 15100000000.
The eissn number of AIP Advances is 2158].
The Guiana Space Centre serves Kourou, French Guiana., The Guiana Space Centre serves Kourou, French Guiana.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the largest city in Washtenaw County., Ann Arbor, Michigan is the largest city in Washtenaw County, Michigan.
Alan B Miller Hall located in Virginia, United States. Alan B Miller Hall is operated by Mason School of Business. It's current Tenants at Alan B Miller Hall are Mason School of Business., Alan B Miller Hall located in Virginia, U.S.
The Acura TLX contains 3.5 litres., The Acura TLX contains 3.5 litres.
Bandeja paisa e's region of Antioquia, Colombia., Bandeja paisa e's region of Antioquia, Colombia., Bandeja paisa e's region of Antioquia, Colombia., Bandeja paisa e's region of Antioquia, Colombia., Bandeja paisa e's region of Antioquia, Colombia.
A Severed Wasp, which is a food found in Great Britain, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups., A Severed Wasp was a food found in Great Britain, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups., A Severed Wasp comes from Great Britain, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
L'Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. It has a runway length of 4000.0., L'Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. It has a runway length of 4000.0., L'Angola International airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. It has a runway length of 4000.0.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born in Iraq., Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born in Iraq.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana., Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana, U.S.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, which has 512 pages, is published by Virginia DeMarce. It's ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0., 1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and it has 512 pages.
Albennie Jones, who was born in Errata, Mississippi, is a solo singer. Is a solo singer. Albennie Jones (born in Errata, Mississippi) is a solo singer.
Alan Shepard, whose mission was Apollo 14, a member of Apollo 14., Alan Shepard, whose mission was Apollo 14 and date of retirement on August 1, 1974.
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is Helipad., The runway name of Andrews County Airport is Helipad.
Elliot See a test pilot was a test pilot., Elliot See a test pilot was a test pilot.
Aarhus is a leader of Jacob Bundsgaard, Jacob Bundsgaard., Aarhus is a leader of Jacob Bundsgaard and Jacob Bundsgaard.
Abner W. Sibal was a member of the United States Army and fought in the American Revolutionary War., Abner W. Sibal is a member of the United States Army and fought in the American Revolutionary War., Abner W. Sibal was a member of the US Army and fought in the American Revolutionary War.
B.M. Reddy is a member of the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Bangalore, India. Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and operated by Dr G. P. Prabhukumar. Is a member of the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Bangalore, India., B.M. Reddy is a member of the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Bangalore, India. B.M. Reddy is 
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia., Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia. Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia., Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia.
Elliot See, who was born on 23 July 1927, Dallas, died in St Louis., Elliot See, who was born on 23 July 1927, Dallas, died in St Louis.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna. Abdulsalami Abubakar was a Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria).
Abner W. Sibal fought in the World War II., Abner W. Sibal fought in the World War II.
Bhangra music is a fusion genre of rock music, Alan Frew. Is a fusion genre de Rock music and bhangra music.
The Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka., Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka.
300 North LaSalle contains 60 floors., 300 North LaSalle contains 60 floors., 300 North LaSalle contains 60 floors.
Il Derbyshire Dales is part of Derbyshire Dales. L'ingredient de la tarte Bakewell, y compris il Derbyshire Dales. Il Derbyshire Dales is part of Derbyshire Dales. La tarte Bakwell comes from Derbyshire Dales.
Alberto Teisaire, a nationalita' de Buenos Aires, governed by Horacio Rodríguez Larreta, is l'Argentine. Is l'Argentine in cui Alberto Teisaire died o Buenos Aires, y compris la legislature citta' de Buenos Aires, il gouverneur of Horacio Rodríguez Larreta., Alberto Teisaire, a nazionalita' de Buenos Aires, governed by
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé e's constructeur of Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, Gruppo Bertone., Abarth 1000 GT Coupé e's constructeur de Gruppo Bertone, Gruppo Bertone., Abarth 1000 GT Coupé e's manufactured by Gruppo Bertone, Gruppo Bertone, Gruppo Bertone., Abarth 1000 GT Coupé e's constructeur de Gruppo Bertone
Jorge Orosmán da Silva gère Peñarol., Jorge Orosmán da Silva gère Peñarol.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaïdjan, a bhfuil an príomh-bhonneagair ar feadh Baku. Its monument is red granite and white marble. It is a led by the Premier ministre d'Azerbaïdjan, agus a dedicator do soldati Ottoman Army uccisi sa Battle of Baku., Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is 
Albany, Oregon is a country in the United States. Albany, Oregon is a member of Asian Americans., Albany, Oregon is a country in the United States where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans.
Abel Caballero, a breithiúnas sa Spáinn, f'ainmhithe de Chomhairle na hArd-Institiúidí. Abel Caballero, a breithiúnas sa Spáinn, f'ainmhithe de Chomhairle na hArd-Institiúidí., Abel Caballero, a breithiúnas sa Spáinn, f'ainmhithe de Chomhairle na hArd-Institiúidí
Akeem Ayers, a member of the New England Patriots, was born on 10th July 1989. He fought on the New England Patriots and is a member of the New England Patriots., Akeem Ayers, a member of the New England Patriots, was born on 10th July 1989. He fought on the New England Patriots and became a member of the New England Patriots., Ake
L'aeroporto international Ashgabat is located in Ashgabat, a runway length of 3800.0 and it has 211 metres above sea level., L'aeroporto international Ashgabat is located in Ashgabat, a runway length of 3800.0 and it has 211 metres above sea level., L'aeroporto international Ashgabat is located in Ashgabat, a runway length of 3800.0 and
Arlington, Texas e'n part of Tarrant County, Texas, a Fort Worth, Texas. Austin, Texas is l'immense city in Houston., Arlington, Texas e'n part of Tarrant County, Texas, a Fort Worth, Texas.
Alison O'Donnell commence actively in 1963., Alison O'Donnell commence actively in 1963.
Bhajji contains gram flour and autres fritters made from wheat or corn flour., Bhajji is similar to Pakora and altri fritters made from wheat or corn flour, but l'ingredient Gram flour., Bhajji contains gram flour and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour.
Alan B Miller Hall, Mason School of Business., Alan B Miller Hall is currently a member of the Mason School of Business.
(410777) 2009 FD FD which has an apoapsis of 259776702.44075 km. It has an minimum temperature of 211.0kelvins., (410777) 2009 FD which has an apoapsis of 259776702.42395 km. It has an apoapsis of 259776702.46036 km. It has an minimum temperature of 211.0 Kelvins., (410777) 2009 FD which has an apoapsis of 259776702.4Spartak
Mae's ethnic group in Malaysia, mae's Malae's Pedas. Is a member of Malaysian Chinese and is the capital Kuala Lumpur., Mae's pedas are an ethnic group in Malaysia, mae's Melae's Pedas.
Alex Day a derivative is house music. Synthpop originated from pop music and synth pop music. Synthpop originated from pop music. Synthpop originated from pop music. Synthpop originated from pop music. Synthpop originated from solo singer. Synthpop originated from pop music. Synthpop originated from pop music. Synthpop originated from pop music. Synthpop originated from pop music. Synthpop
Albert B. White, who was born in 1856 and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, on 3rd July 1941., Albert B. White, who was born in 1856 and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, on 3rd July 1941., Albert B. White, who was born in 1856 and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, on 3rd July 1941.
Alex Day was born in London Borough of Havering, where Charlie McDonnell is a member of the band Chameleon Circuit. Alex Day plays Electronic music and it has Charlie McDonnell as a member of the band Chameleon Circuit., Alex Day was born in London Borough of Havering, where Charlie McDonnell is a member of the band Chameleon Circuit.
The RCA Records is a distributeur company of Legacy Recordings., The RCA Records is a distributeur company of Legacy Recordings., The RCA Records is a distributeur company of Legacy Recordings.
Albany, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S.), where Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., Albany, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S.), where Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S..
Chicago is located in Chicago, Illinois. Rahm Emanuel is a leader of Chicago (United States) where 300 North LaSalle is located., 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, U.S. where Rahm Emanuel and Rahm Emanuel are leaders., 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States where Rahm Emanuel is a leader.
Joe Biden is a leader of the United States.,  Joe Biden is a leader of the United States where Joe Biden is a leader.
Anaheim, California contains 657 area code., Anaheim, California has 657 area code.
David Scott, l'astronauta Apollo 12 is a commander degli Apollo 12 e David Scott. L'astronauta Apollo 12 was a commander degli Apollo 12., Astronauta Apollo 12 has a commander degli Apollo 12 e David Scott.
Bhajji, which is a leader in India, where Sumitra Mahajan and Vajubhai Vala are leaders.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row., 103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row.
Alkmaar Zaanwys, AZ Alkmaar has 17023] member.
The escape velocity of 1099 Figneria is 0.0155 km per second., The escape velocity of 1099 Figneria is 0.0155 km per second.
L'Akron Summit Assault is a member of the Premier Development League, where K-W United FC and K-W United FC competed., L'Akron Summit Assault was a member of the Premier Development League in St Vincent-St Mary High School, where K-W United FC are champions. , L'Akron Summit Assault is a member of the Premier Development League, where K-W United
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana., Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana.
Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon singer, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin., Bacon sandwich Bacon sandwich originates from the United Kingdom and is a varietà de BLT. It is an ingredient in bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sarnie, bacon 
Aaron Bertram, a member of the Suburban Legends in Pop music, is associated with Kids Imagine Nation. Il genre de suburban Legends is pop music., Aaron Bertram, a member of the Suburban Legends in Pop music, is associated with Kids Imagine Nation and plays for Kids Imagine Nation., Aaron Bertram, a member of the Suburban Legends in Pop music, is associated with Kids Imagine
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, California. Il y compris an area totale de 75.324 km/km., Antioch, California (part of Contra Costa County, California) is part of Contra Costa County, California. Il y compris an area totale de 75.324 km/m., Antioch, California in Contra Costa County, California, y compris the area totale de 75.324 km/m
Andra's genre is pop music, a solo singer. It has a background of solo singer., Andra's genre is pop music, a solo singer.
1036 Ganymed, which has an apoapsis of 611950000.0 km/s. it has an متوسط speed of 16.86 km/s. It has an apoapsis of 611906000.0 km/s., 1036 Ganymed, a متوسط speed of 16.86 km/s. It has an apoapsis of 611092000.0 km/s. It has an apoapsis of 611603600.0 km/s., 1036 Gany
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a successor was Anthony J Celebrezze., Abraham A. Ribicoff, a successor is Anthony J Celebrezze.
L'université 1 Decembrie 1918 o Bucharest, Romania is a chiffred d'origines tedeschi de Romania. L'université 1 Decembrie 1918 o Bucharest, Romania in cui Klaus Iohannis raggiunt le premier ministre, c'est la capitale di Bucharest., L'université 1 Decembrie 1918 o Bucharest, Romania ha un patron saint Andrew the Apostle et il settore ethnique de Romania
 Patrick McLoughlin is a leader of Derbyshire Dales, Patrick McLoughlin.
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata., The Athens International Airport is located in Spata.
John Valor is the alternative name of Black Pirate which was created by Sheldon Moldoff, Sheldon Moldoff and Jon Valor.
Ahmet Ertegun, a became in Washington D.C. He originated in 1923 in the U.S. A.R.I., is a member of non performing personnel., Ahmet Ertegun, a became in Washington D.C. he originated in 1923 in New York, D.C.
Alvah Sabin s'est a part of Vermont, Vermont, Vermont. Alvah Sabin s'est a part of Whig Party (United States), Daniel Webster. A part of Vermont, Vermont, Vermont is a più grande city de Burlington, Vermont., Alvah Sabin s'est a part of Whig Party (United States) and Daniel Webster is a leader of Vermont,
Mae'n pudding Bakwell, a fût dei dessert, is l'endroit almond, jam, butter, uova. La mae'n barbecue (et l'endroit almond, jam, butter,  egg) is l'endroit almond, jam, butter, uova., Mae'n pudding Bakwell, a fût dei dessert, it is l'endroit
107 Camilla epoch was 31 December 2006, and it has an periapsis of 479343000.0 km., 107 Camilla is discovered by E. Wells in 2006. It has an periapsis of 479530000.0 km. Its periapsis is 479407500.0 km. It has an epoch date 31 December 2006.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. It has affiliation with the European University (Scuola de Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus), y compris 737 student.
A Loyal Character Dancer is from the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., A Loyal Character Dancer is from the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., A Loyal Character Dancer is from the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The American Journal of Mathematics is an abbreviated to Am J. Math. It has an academic discipline in mathématiques and has an iSSN number 1080-6377., Am J. Math. It has an iSSN number 1080-6377, it has an abbreviation to Am J. Math. It has an iSSN number 1080-6377., Am J. Math. It has an abbreviation to Am J. Math.
11 Diagonal Street is located in Cape Town, South Africa, where Cyril Ramaphosa and Asian South Africans are an ethnic group.
Columbus Blue Jackets is a city of Columbus, Ohio., Columbus Blue Jackets is a city of Columbus, Ohio.
The language of Belgium is German., The language of Belgium is German.
Alessio Romagnoli e's youth club in A.S. Roma, whose league is Serie A., Alessio Romagnoli e's youth club in A.S. Roma, whose league is Serie A., Alessio Romagnoli e's youth club in A.S. Roma, whose league is Serie A., Alessio Romagnoli e's youth club in A.S
Alfred N. Phillips, fought in the American Civil War and fought in the American Civil War., Alfred N. Phillips, fought in the United States Army and fought in the American Civil War.
Airey Neave a fought in Territorial Decor., Airey Neave a fought in Territorial Decor.
Alison O'Donnell, a derivative of jazz is Funk. Alison O'Donnell has l'album label static Caravan Recordings.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr. is a member of Florida Panthers., Aleksandrer Barkov Jr. plays for Florida Panthers.
Allan Shivers, who was born in Lufkin, Texas, is a governor of Texas. He has succeeded Price Daniel and he worked as Governor of Texas., Allan Shivers, who was born in Lufkin, Texas, operated as Governor of Texas, fought in Lufkin, Texas. He employed as Governor of Texas.
In 2014-15 Topklass, AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 membres., The season of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is 2014-15 Top CLASS and has 5000 membres.
 Infraero is l'oibríocht degli Aerfort International Afonso Pena., The Afonso Pena Airport International Awport Edificio Infraero is l'oibríocht degli Infraero.
Thomas Doll, a member of Ferencvarosi TC is Thomas Doll. Akeem Adams's club has Ferencvarosi TC and Thomas Doll., Akeem Adams's club had Ferencvarosi TC and Thomas Doll.
 Agnes Kant a's office in House of Representatives (Netherlands).,  Agnes Kant a's office in House of Representatives.,  Agnes Kant a's office in House of Representatives, Netherlands.
T. S Thakur is a leader in India, where T. S Thakur is the location of Agra Airport., T. S Thakur is a leader in India, where T. S Thakur is led by T. S Thakur., T. S Thakur is a leader in India, where T. S Thakur is the location of Agra Airport., T. S Thakur is a leader in India, 
Agustin Barboza e's record label Philips Records., Agustin Barboza e's record label Philips Records., Agustin Barboza e's record label Philips Records.
The runway length of Antwerp International Airport is 600.0. It has an oibríocht operated by the Flemish Government, l'Agglomération degli Belges, a bhfuil 12 km above sea level in 12.0. Its runway length is 600.0., The runway length of Antwerp International airport is 1200,0 per l'Agglomération degli Belges, l'agglomération degli Belges
The journal AIDS (journal) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and Elizabeth II. It is a member of the United Kingdom where David Cameron leads David Cameron.
Akeem Adams, a member of the United Petrotrin F.C. is located in Palo Seco and its ground is Palo Seco. Akeem Adams, a member of the United Petrotrin F.C. whose club is Palo Seco national under-20 football team., Akeem Adams, a member of the United Petrotrin F.C.
Mae's Arem-arem is a region in Indonesia, mae'r più specifiche to Java., Mae's Arem-arem is a region in Indonesia, mae'n moins spécifique to Java., Mae's Arem-arem is a area in Indonesia, mae'r più specifiche to Java., Mae's Arem-arem is a
Grecia's leader is Nikos Voutsis.
Auburn, Washington is part of King County, Washington, United States. Auburn, Washington e's propriétaire de Olympia, Washington, in the U.S., Auburn, Washington (part of King County, Washington) is part of King County, Washington.
Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in Peoria, Illinois, is located in Peoria, Illinois. It has a power type of AIDAluna., Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in Peoria, Illinois, is located in Peoria, Illinois, where it has a power type of AIDAluna., Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in Peoria, Illinois, is located in Peoria, Illinois
The epoch date of 31 December 2006, (19255) 1994 VK8 has an orbital period 878850000.0. It has an periapsis de 6155910000.0 and an epoch date of 31 December 2006., The epoch date of 19255) 1994 VF8 has an orbital period 1788850000.0. It has an periapsis de 6155910000.0 and an epoch date of 31 December 2006. It has an epoch date
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, on 21th July 1923, died in California. Alan Shepard, whose Alma mater is NWC, M.A. 1957 and his Alma mater is NWC, M.A. 1957., Alan Shepard, whose Alma mater is NWC, M.A. 1957.
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia., Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia.
Aaron Bertram commence actively in 1998., Aaron Bertram commence actively in 1998.
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, Illinois, and died in California. He is a member of NWC, M.A. 1957. Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, United States, has an Alma mater de NWC, M.A. 1957., Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, Massachusetts, had an Alma mater de NWC, M.A. 1957.
The inauguration date of the Akita Museum of Art was on 28th October 2013., The inauguration date of the Akita Museum of Art was on 28th October 2013.
Mae'n Ayam penyet, y compris sambal, is in Java, Malaysia. L'ingredient principale degli Ayam penyet fusing or shred by sambal.
John van den Brom, a manager of AZ Alkmaar, is John van den Brom, whose club is Istanbulspor A.Û. Robert Nietoorn., Jen van den Brom, whose club is Istanbulspor A.Ü., was a manager of AZ Alkmaar, whose club is Istanbulspor A.Ú. He died by Robert Nietoorn., Jen van den Brom, whose club is Istanbulspor A.Û.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, is a member of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was succeeded by Adenan Satem, became a member of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera BSpartak. , Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak, has an Alma mater degli University of
Andrew Rayel, who was associated with Christian Burns, was associated with Mark Sixma., Andrew Rayel, who was associated with Christian Burns, was associated with Christian Burns., Andrew Rayel, who was associated with Christian Burns, was associated with Christian Burns and Mark Sixma., Andrew Rayel, who was associated with Christian Burns, was associated with Christian Burns.
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the community of Madrid., Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the community of Madrid.
Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, Brazil, is located in Brazil., Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, Brasil, it is located in Brazil., Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, Brazil, Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense comes from Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca.
Amdavad ni Gufa architettor B. V. Doshi., Amdavad ni Gufa architettor B. V. Doshi.
109 Felicitas, a periapsis is 28Spartak000000.0., 109 Felicitas, a periapsis is 286036000000.0.
Trane, a bénéficier de la Crosse, Wisconsin, ha 29000 employs. Trane is a member of La Crosse, Wisconsin, a feidhmiú per 875400000., Trane was a member of La Crosse, Wisconsin, a bénéficier de l'oibriúcháin in 1913-01-01. Trane has 29000 employs. Trane had 29000 employs.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaïdjan, agus bhí an tAzerbaijan u príomh-Aire na hAzerbaidjan. Is é Artur Rasizade de chuid Artur Rasizade. Il tAzerbaidjan a bhfuil an tAzerbaidjan mar ceannaire ar Ard-Aire na hAzerbaidjan. Dedicator do soldats Ottoman Army uccisi sa Battle of Baku., Artur
Ram Naik is a leader of Uttar Pradesh, o l'arrondissement in Awadh. In Uttar Pradesh, Ram Naik and Bundelkhand are led by Ram Naik.
250 Delaware Avenue located in the United States, where Paul Ryan is a member of the U.S. The capital is Washington, D.C., where Paul Ryan is a leader. 250 Delaware Avenue was located in the United States., 250 Delaware Avenue located in the United States, where Paul Ryan is a member of the U.S. Il's capital is Washington, D.C., where Paul Ryan
Alfred Moore Scales, fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg, part of the American Civil War., Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg, part of the American Civil War.
AmeriGas is a part of the North American Eastern Time Zone. It has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres in an U.S., AmeriGas is a part of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, it has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres in an U.S.
Aaron Turner e's genre of black metal is Black metal, a member of the band Twilight (Band), y fought in guitar Electric. The music fusion genre de black metal is Death metal., Aaron Turner e's genre of black metal is Black metal, a member of the band Twilight (Band) and was a member of the band Twilight.
N. R. Pogson, Nottingham, was born in Nottingham, 2001-03-01., N. R. Pogson, Nottingham, has died in Chennai, 2001.
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, is a member of the test pilot. Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire and died in California., Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, has a member of the test pilot.
Elliot See, who graduated from University of Texas at Austin, died in St Louis, 1966-02-28., Elliot See, who graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, died in St Louis, was a test pilot., Elliot See, who graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, died in St Louis, and died in St Louis.
A Severed Wasp, a media type print, has an ISBN number of 0-374-26131-8., A Severed Wasp, a bibliothèque de CongressClassification PS2395.E55 S4 1982, has an ISBN number 8804107, a bibliothèque decongressClassification PS3084.E55 S4 1982 and its ISBN number 03-674-26131-8., A Severed Wasp, a bibliothèque de CongressClassification PS
Aaron Turner, a musician de Death metal, is a member of Mamiffer. Is a fusion genre de Death metal and fought in Black metal., Aaron Turner, a musical genre de Death metal, is a fusion genre de Death metal, mamme band Mamiffer. , Aaron Turner, a fusion genre de Death Metal, is a fusion genre de Death Metal. , Aaron Turner, a fusion genre de Death Metal,
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. Abdul Taib Mahmud, whose party serait part Pesaka Bumiputera BSpartak, Asajaya., Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, has its parti pesaka Bumiputera Bdnikov. , Abdul Taib Mahmud, who had suc
Gos Poyet, a club is AEK Athens F.C., Gos Poyet, a club is Ajax Athens F.C., Gos Poyet, a club is AEL Athens F.C.
William Anders, a member of Apollo 8 is Frank Borman. He e'n commandant degli Apollo 8 and Buzz Aldrin operated NASA.
 Birmingham contains postal code B postcode area.,  Birmingham has postal code B postcode area.,  Birmingham has postal code B postcode area.
Aleksandr Chumakov, who died in Russia, is a leader of Russia, Vladimir Putin., Aleksandr Chumakov, who died in Russia, is a leader of Russia, Vladimir Putin., Aleksandr Chumakov, who died in Russia, was a leader of Russia, Vladimir Putin.
 Abradab is associated with Magik (rapper) and Magik.,  Abradab is associated with Magik (rapper).
Alex Day e's genre is Synthpop, a funky originated from Disco., Alex Day e's genre is Synthpop, a funky originated from Disco., Alex Day e's genre is Synthpop, a funky originated from Disco., Alex Day e's genre is Synthpop, a funky originated from Disco.
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3500.0 and it has a elevation above sea level -3.3528.
Frank de Boer is a manager of AFC Ajax., Fenaging Frank de Boer is Frank de Boer.
Duncan Rouleau, a nationalità de Duncan Rouleau, was created by Duncan Rouleau. It starred Damon Wayans Jr.
Frangipane is a frangipane ingredient., Frangipane is a frangipane ingredient.
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy, l'indirizzo degli Arrabbiata sauce. L'indirizzo degli Errabbiata sauce è l'indirizzo degli Italians., Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy, l'indirizzo degli Ararabbiata sauce.
The first aired by Bananaman, which was on 3rd October 1983., Bananaman's first aired on 3rd October 1983., Bananaman's first aired on 3rd October 1983., Bananaman's first aired on 3rd October 1983., Bananaman's first aired on 3rd October 1983.
In the United Kingdom, British people are anonym., In the United Kingdom, British people are anonym as British people.
Mae'r salsa Arrabbiata a sauce in Italy, it is operated by Rome. It is the capital of Italy, where Sergio Mattarella and Sergio Mattarella are leaders.
Ampara Hospital, which is operated by Ranil Wickremesinghe, in Sri Lanka, Austin Fernando. In Sri Lanka, the leader of Sri Lanka, are Ranil Wickremesinghe and its bed count is 476 litres., Ampara Hospital, which is operated by Ranil Wickremesinghe, was operated by Ranil Wickremesinghe, it has 476 litres per l'Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, Austin Fernando
The escape velocity of 1099 Figneria is 0.0155 km per seconds. It has an apoapsis of 603618000.0 km/m., The escape velocity of 1099 Figneria is 0.0155 km/m., it has an apoapsis of 410718000.0 km/m. It has an apoapsis of 603618000.0 km/m., The escape velocity of 1099 Figneria is
Alex Plante, a defunted in Manitoba, 1989., Alex Plante, a defunted in Manitoba, 1989., Alex Plante, a defunted in Manitoba, 1989., Alex Plante, a defunted in Manitoba, 1989., Alex Plante, a defunted in Manitoba, 1989.
The periapsis of 103 Hera epoch is 2011-08-29. It has 371240000.0 km/m., The periapsis of 103 Hera, it has 371240000.0 km/m. Its periapsis is 371240000.0 km/m. It has an epoch date 27th July 2011.
Noodle is an ingredient in Bakso., Noodle is an ingredient in Bakso.
Rolando Maran, a member of the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. A.C. Chievo Verona in Italy, is manager of Rolando Maran, a club degli Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. and Carrarese Calcio.
Tom Lyle, created Blockbuster (comics character) Roger Stern., Tom Lyle, created Blockbuster (comics character) Roger Stern.
The ALCO RS-3 was constructed by American Locomotive Company, mae 1950- August 1956. It has a length of 17068.8 millimetres and a V12 engine.
Dan Mishkin created Bolt (comics character Bolt) de Paris Cullins, Larry Bolatinsky and Dan Mishkin., Dan Mishkin created Bolt (comics character Bolt) de Paris Cullins, Larry Bolatinsky et Dan Mishkin., Dan Mishkin created Bolt (comics character Bolt) de Paris Cullins, Larry Bolatinsky is Larry Bolatinsky., Dan Mishkin created Bolt (comics character Bolt) de Paris
Mae batchoy is in Philippines where the Zamboangans are an ethnic group. Tha batchoy comes from Philippine Spanish, mae l'enfasi chinoise filippina., Mae batchoy is in Philippines where the Zamboangans are an ethnic group. Tha batchoy is in Philippines where the Zamboangans are an ethnic group.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Rad l'Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and operated by Dr G. P. Prabhukumar. It is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Rad l'Industynahalli, Bangalore, India.
Mae'r AFC Ajax (amateurs) is a member of Amsterdam, where Eberhard van der Laan leader was Eberhard van der Laan., Mae'r AFC Ajax (amateurs) is a member of Amsterdam, where Eberhard van der Laan leaders are Eberhard van der Laan., Mae'r AFC Ajax (amateurs) is a member of Amsterdam, where Eberhard
Al Asad Airbase serves Al Anbar Province, Iraq. L'altitude is 618 metres above sea level in feidhme., Al Asad Airbase serves Al Anbar Province, Iraq. L'altitude is 618 metres above sea level in feidhme., Al Asad Airbase serves Al Anbar Province, Iraq. L'altitude is 618 metres above sea level in
AFC Ajax N.V. is a member of AFC Ajax N.V., where 53502] has 53502., AFC Ajax N.V. is a member of AFC Ajax N.V.
Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in Illinois, United States, is a key person of Douglas R Oberhelman. Its power type is Caterpillar Inc., Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person of Caterpillar Inc., where Douglas R Oberhelman is a led by Douglas R Oberhelman. It is a led by Douglas R Oberhelman. It is a led by Douglas R Oberhelman. It is a
Carl A Wirtanen was discovered by Carl A Wirtanen., Carl A Wirtanen was discovered by Carl A Wirtanen., Carl A Wirtanen was discovered by Carl A Wirtanen.
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States. Akron, Ohio is part of the United States., Akron, Ohio is part of the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., Akron, Ohio is part of the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., Akron, Ohio is part of the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Mare Botta, l'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio ha 600 studenti., Mare Botta, l'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio ha 600 studenti., Mare Botta, l'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio ha 600 studenti.
A.C. Milan, a football club in Serie A, Silvio Mihajlović, is a manager degli A.C. Milan, y fought in Serie A. Siniš Mihajlović. Is a member of the A.C. Milan, where Silvio Berlusconi and Silvio Berlusconi are leaders.
L'American Journal of Mathematics has an abbreviation of Am J. Math. It has an academic discipline in mathématiques, which has an frequenze bimonthly., L'American Journal of Mathematics is an abbreviation of Am J. Math. It has an academic discipline in mathématiques and it has an exponent bhmonthly.
Bajji, bajji, India, is a gran flour and legumes. L'indication principale de Bhajji (bajji) comes from India, where the main ingredients are gram flour, vegetables. L'indication principale de Bhajji originates from Bajji, bajji in India. L'indication principale de Bhajji include gram flour, ovoces. L'indication principale de Bhajji is Gram flour
Agnes Kant, who was born in West Germany, is a member of Radboud University Nijmegen. Agnes Kant, who was employed by Socialist Party (Netherlands).
Audi A1 a subsidiary is Ducati., Audi A1 a subsidiary is Ducati.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr. was born in Finland., Aleksandrer Barkov Jr. was born in Finland., Aleksandrer Barkov Jr. was born in Finland.
Adam Koc, who fought in the World War I, fought in the World War I. Adam Koc ha vinto parasol., Adam Koc, who fought in the World War I, fought in the World War I and fought in Parasol.
The AmeriGas, which is part of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres. It was founded on July 4th 1776 and originates from the United States., AmeriGas, which originated from King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, ha a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres.
Andrew Rayel, a genre de Trance music is originated from pop music. Jwaydan Moyine and John Digweed. Andrew Rayel's genre of Trance music originates from pop music., Jwaydan Moyine was associated with Jwaydan Moyine and John Digweed comes from pop music.
BLT sandwich bacon is a variation of BLT. It is in the United Kingdom and it has an ingredient in Bacon sandwich., BLT sandwich bacon is a variation of BLT.
Alvah Sabin, who was born in Georgia, Vermont, on 23 octobre1793, operated by the secrétaire d'État de Vermont., Alvah Sabin, who was born in Georgia, Vermont, occuped by the secrétaire d'État de Vermont, date 23 octobre1793., Alvah Sabin, who was born in Georgia, Vermont, occuped by the secrétaire d'État de Vermont,
Airey Neave, a member of Airey Neave, was born in Knightsbridge and fought on the Battle of France. He became actively on the 4th March 1979., Airey Neave is a member of Knightsbridge and fought on the Battle of France. He fought on the 4th March 1974. He fought at Knightsbridge and fought on the Battle of France. He fought on the 4th March 1979
Albert Uderzo creator Asterix, which was created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo., Albert Uderzo is a comic character Asterix, which was created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo., Albert Uderzo creator Asterix, which was created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo.
Auburn, Washington y compris part of Pierce County, Washington. Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County, Washington. C'est propriétaire de Washington, D.C. in the United States., Auburn, Washington y compris part of Pierce County, Washington.
The ALV X-1 is manufactured by the Assembly Techsystems, AGM-88 HARM., The ALV X-1 is manufactured by the Assembly Techsystems, which produces AGM-88 HARM.
HOK SVE is a architect of 3Arena., The architect of 3Arena is HOK SVE.
Greek is a language of Greece., Greek is a language of Greece.
Alan Martin, who was born on 1st January 1989, is a member of Hamilton Academical F.C. He played for Hamilton Academical F.C. and he plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a country in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., A Fortress of Grey Ice is a country in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Ajoblanco e's ingredient in Ajoblanco, which is from Spain. It has an ingredient in Bread., Ajoblanco e's ingredient in Ajoblanco e's food and it can be found in Spain., Ajoblanco e's ingredient in Ajoblanco e's ingredient in Ajoblanco.
Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Barack Obama and Washington D.C. are led by Barack Obama., Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Barack Obama capital is Washington D.C.
The Acura TLX a transmission is 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6)., The Acura TLX a transmission is 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6).
Kelvin Mao e's character Ballistic (comics character) was created by Doug Moench, Doug Moench and Kelvin Mao., Kelvin Mao e's comic character Ballistic (comics character) was created by Doug Moench, Doug Moench., Kelvin Mao e's alternative name is Kelvin Mao.
Arròs negre is a part of the Valencian Community, where Ximo Puig and Felipe VI in Spain., Arròs negre is a part of the Valencian Community, where Ximo Puig are leaders. Is a part of felipe VI in Spain. , Arròs negre is a part of the Valencian Community, where Ximo Puig is a leader.
Sagrac Lake, New York is part of the United States., Sagrac Lake, New York e' part of the United States.
Alison O'Donnell, a member of the band Plastik Mak, is associated with Plastic Mak., Alison O'Donnell, a member of the band plastic Mak, is associated with Plastic Mak and Head South By Weaving., Alison O'Donnell, a member of the band plast Mak, is associated with Plastic Mak.
Anders Osborne a musician Anders Osborne is a member of the rock music band, Johnny Sansone. Er a guitarist and artist bhangra (bhangra).
The former name of 1001 Gaussia is 1923 OAA907XC, it has periapsis 419113394 55312 km/km., At fought in 1001 Gaussia on 27th July 2015, a periapsis 41911339460312 km/m., At fought in 1923 OAA907XC, it has periapsis 419113394663912 km/m. It has periapsis 419113394
Angola, Indiana is in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., Angola, Indiana is in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Binignit y compris le Visayas, ta'm coconut milk. Binignit y is a gran-ingredient dei cocon milk., Binignit y compris le Visayas, ta'm coconut milk and it is a gran-ingredient dei Cocon milk., Binignit y compris le Visayas, ta'm coconut milk.
Ajo Blanco's alternative name is Ajo Blanco., Ajo Blanco's alternative name is Ajo Blanco.
Al Kharaitiyat SC where Al Khor is a member of the Shabab Al-Ordon Club., Al Kharaitiyat SC where Al Khor is a member of the Shabab Al-Ordon Club, Alaa Abdul-Zahra's club was Al Kharaitiyat SC., Al Kharaitiyat SC where Al Khor is a member of the Shabab Al-Ordon Club.
Swords, Dublin is part of Dublin (formanza parlementaire europeo)., Swords, Dublin is part of Dublin (formanza parlementaire Europeo).
Ram Naik is a leader of Uttar Pradesh, o Awadh, o Awadh. L'Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh, o Awadh, o Awadh, o Awadh.
L'université 1 Decembrie 1918 l'universita' Alba Iulia in Alba Iulia, Romania. Il suo capital is Bucharest. L'université 1 Decembrie 1918 l'Universita' Alba Iulia (Alba Iulia), ta' Klaus Iohannis, ta' chied le Premier Ministre di Romania., L'université 1 Decembrie 1918 l'universita' Alba Iulia en Alba Iulia, Ta' Bucarest,
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, which is located in Greece, where Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders. 
Hypermarcas a type of S.A. (corporation) is a key person in Hypermarcas, which has the CEO and its CEO., Hypermarcas a type of S.A. (corporation) is a key person in Hypermarcas., Hypermarcas a type of S.A. (corporation).
The maiden voyage of Alhambra 1855-07-06., The maiden voyage of Alhambra is 1855-06-27.
B.M. Reddy is a member of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India. It is president of B.M. Reddy., B.M. Reddy is a member of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India.
A Severed Wasp s'exprime in Gran Bretagna, degli Stati Uniti, where Barack Obama is a leader. A Severed Wasp s'exprime in Great Bretagna, where Native Americans are an ethnic group., A Severed Wasp s'exprime in Great Bretagna, where Barack Obama is a leader.
Amarillo, Texas is a country in the United States., Amarillo, Texas is a country in the United States.
L'Albatros Versus the Evil Librarians is a country in Great Britain, where Joe Biden and Joe Biden are leaders. Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States, where Joe Biden is an ethnic group of African Americans., Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from the United States where Joe Biden is a leader. Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librari
Mark Rutte, Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, where Mark Rutte is led by Mark Rutte.
Aaron Deer, a genre of Indie rock, is in Indiana., Aaron Deer originated in Indiana and originates in Indiana., Aaron Deer originated in Indiana and originates in Indiana., Aaron Deer originated in Indiana and originates in Indiana., Aaron Deer originated in Indiana and originates in Indiana.
Agnes Kant, a'n parti socialiste (Pays-Bas) is l'envergure degli Agnes Kant, a's nationalità dei Paesi Bass. Is Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer was l'envergure degli Socialist Party (Pays-Bas).
Hypermarcas, which is located in São Paulo, has 10252 employs, a revenue de 1800000000.
The ISBN number of A Loyal Character Dancer is 1-52395-301-3., The ISBN number of A Loyal Character Dancer has 1-5Spartak-301-3.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves Amsterdam., Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves Amsterdam.
Andra, a solo singer Andra, was born in Câmpia Turzii and is a solo singer.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 Luglio 1907 in Frederick County, Maryland. The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in Frederick County, Maryland. It has a class of Historic districts in the U.S., The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument (in Frederick County, Maryland), it has a class of Historic districts in the U.S
The epoch date of 1089 Tama, whose epoch date is 26th November 2005, has an orbital period de 1202.96 days, it has an apoapsis of 530013000.0 km., The epoch date of 1089 Tama, whose epoch date is 26th December 2005, has an apoapsis of 0.0068 km per sec. It has an orbital period de 12021.69 days and an apoapsis of
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the World War II., Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the World War II., Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the World War II.
Mae Chinabank, a chiffre d'affaires pubbliche, was founded on August 16th 1920. It has 15100000000 and 295 emplacements in Manila., Mae Chinabank, a chiffre d'affaires publiche, is operated on August 16th 1920, it has 15100000000 and 295 emplacements in Manila., Mae Chinabank, a chiffre d'affaires publiche, had 15100000000 and 295 
James Craig Watson, whose origins are 103 Hera, was discovered by James Craig Watson., James Craig Watson, whose origins are 103 Hera, was discovered by James Craig Watson.
Albert Jennings Fountain, who was born in New York, Staten Island., Albert Jennings Fountain, who was born in New York, United States, died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico, and died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico.
Jack Kirby was created by Balder (comics character Balder) and Jack Kirby., The comic character Balder is created by Jack Kirby.
Elliot See, a fought in Dallas, St. Louis, was born on 23 July 1927, and died in St. Louis., Elliot See, a fought in Dallas, St. Louis, whose alma mater is the University of Texas at Austin, it has an affiliated with the University of Texas System. He defunted by St. Louis., Elliot See, a fought in Dallas, Illinois, led by St. Louis
The AMC Matador was assembled in Kenosha Wisconsin, Wisconsin. It has a model year 1974 and is related to the AMC Ambassador.
Bakewell pudding, y compris la tarte shortcrust, is an ingredient in La tarte Shortcrust., Bakewell pudding, y compris le tarte shortcrust, is an ingredient in La tarte Cakewell.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia, Malaysia. Is l'ingredient of Ayam penyet comes from Malaysian Chinese. L'ingredient di Ayam penyet is Fried Chicken. Il y compris l'Indonésien cinese.
L'epoch date is 31 December 2006, a periapsis de 279142000000.0. It has an orbital period of 135589000.0., L'epoch date is 31 December 2006, a periapsis de 279142000000.0. It has an orbital period of 135589000.0. Its periapsis de 279142000000.0., L'epoch date is 31 December 2006, a periapsis
Ace Wilder is a record label in EMI Records., Ace Wilder is a record label in EMI Records., Ace Wilder is a record label in EMI Records.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, a member of the House of Representatives. He employed by Christian Democratic Appeal and his alma mater is Leiden University., Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, a member of the House of Representatives.
L'aerfort régional degli Aerfort régional d'Alpena, Michigan. L'aerfort régional degli Aerfort régional dell'Alpena in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. L'aerfort régional degli Aerfort régional degli Aerfort régional degli Aerfort i 210 km., L'aerfort
Artur Rasizade is a tharmligean ar Azerbaïdjan, an tAzerbaidjan ina bhfuil an tAzerbaidjan mar chuid deiridh na hEorpa. Tá an tAzerbaidjan sa chéad uair a bhí feidhm ag an Uachtarán Ard-Uachtarán Azerbaidjan, agus tá an tAzerbaidjan as a phríomh-Aire Gnóthaí Turcacha.
Mae'r Baked Alaska, in France, U.S. ou Hong Kong, is a gran ingredient de Meringue. L'ingrédients principales of Baked Alaska are meringue, glace, sponge Cake or Christmas pudding., Mae'r Baked Alaska (en France, United States) nó China), mae'r Baked Alaska comes from Paris, New York, Hong Kong, and
 Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States.,  Harrietstown, New York e' part of the United States.
The ISBN number of A Long Long Way is 0-670-03380-4., A Long Long Way has a ISBN number 0-670-03380-4., A Long Long Way has a ISBN number 0-670-03380-4., A Long Long Way has a ISBN number 0-670-03380-4., A Long Long Way has a ISBN number 0-670-03380-4., A Long Long Way has a ISBN number 0-670-03380
Trane is located in Swords, Dublin, Ireland., Trane is located in Swords, Dublin, Ireland.
The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006. It has an apoapsis of 410792000.0 km., L'epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006, a periapsis of 279142000.0 km. It has an apoapsis of 530090000.0 km., L'epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006, a periapsis of 279142000.0 km. It has an apo
William Anders e's backup pilot Apollo 11 is William Anders., Will Anders e's backup pilot Apollo 11 was William Anders.
Julia Morgan, a bhithe in Chinatown, San Francisco. Julia Morgan, who was born in California, operated by the Asilomar Conference Grounds and architect Julia Morgan. It is significantly designed by Hearst Castle.
Ace Wilder, who was born in Stockholm, on 23 July 1982, is a solo singer. Ace Wilder, who was born in Stockholm, has an background of solo singer., Ace Wilder, who was born in Stockholm, on 23 July 1982, had an background of solo singer.
103 Hera e's apoapsis of 437170000.0 km/m. It has a escape velocity of 0.0482 km/m. it has a temperature of 170.0 Kelvins and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 km/m., 103 Hera e's apoapsis of 437170000.0 km/m. It has a escape velocity of 0.0482 km/m. It has a temperature of 170.0
1101 Clematis, which has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and it has an apoapsis de 520906000.0 km., 1101 Clematis, a epoch date 31 December 2006, has an orbital period of 183309000.0; it has an apoapsis de 520906000.0 km. It has an orbital period of 183309000.0 km. It has an apoapsis de 520906000.0 km., 1101 Clematis,
The AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises, which is located in Rostock. It is operated by AIDA Cruises., The AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises, which is operated by AIDA Cruises., The AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises and it is operated by AIDA Cruises.
Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India., Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, Japan. It is part of Akita Territory, Tarō Asō. Is a member of the Japanese people whose leader are Tarō Asō., Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, Ikita.
Aaron Turner originates from Boston., Aaron Turner originated from Boston.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, which was manufactured in 1958, produced in 1958., The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, made in 1958, produced in 1958., The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, fought in 1958, produced in 1958.
Aleksandra Kovač, a member of Kornelije Kovač, is associated with Kornelije Kovač., Aleksandra Kovač was associated with Kornelije Kovač and Kornelije Kovač.
The Olympique Lyonnais is located in Parc Olympique Lyonnais., The Olympique Lyonnais is located in Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Arlington, Texas is part of Texas., Arlington, Texas is part of Texas.
The Antwerp International Airport, which is owned by Flemish Region, operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works, has an elevation above sea level de 12.0. L'aeroporto international Antwerp International Airport, which was located in Antwerp, y ha a runway length of 600.0.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in 2014-15 A EPSTH, Grecia., A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in 2014-15 A EPSTH, Grecia., A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in 2014-15 A EPSTH, Grecia.
The Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis and sportgoverning body in the International Tennis Federation.
Alberto Teisaire, who was born in Mendoza, Argentina, is a member of Isaac Rojas. He fought in Mendoza, Argentina, and he succeeded Isaac Rojas.
Albany, Oregon is a total area of 45.97 square kilometres., Albany, Oregon is a total area of 45.97 square kilometres., Albany, Oregon is a total area of 45.97 square kilometres.
The A.S. Roma is a member of the Serie A 2014-15, Serie A., The A.S. Roma's season is 2014-15 Serie A., The A.S. Roma's season is 2014-15 Serie A., The A.S. Roma's season is 2014-15 Serie A., The A.S. Roma's season is 2014-15 Serie A.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California., Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California.
L'aeroporto Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas is located in Alcobendas, Spain. L'enAIRE operate l'enAIRE en France.
101 Helena has an apoapsis of 441092000.0 km. It has an متوسط speed of 18.44 km per sec. It has an apoapsis of 441092000.0 km., 101 Helena has an apoapsis of 441092000.0 km per sec. It has an متوسط speed of 18.44 km per sec. It has an apoapsis of 441092000.0 km., 101 Helena has an apoapsis of 441092000.0 km per sec
Allan Sandage, Walter Baade e'r diplômater all'université de Göttingen. Walter Baade e'r université de Göttingen. Walter Baade e'r doctoral student Halton Aster. He'r faculty Allen Sandage, Walter Baade, e'r professeur of Halton Arp., Walter Baade e'r acadaiteoir all'université de Göttingen. Walter Baade e
Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon singer, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm. Bacon sandwich is in the United Kingdom and has an condiment, souvent ketchup or brown sauce., Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon singer, pe
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in Chicago, Illinois, is a member of the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare., Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in Chicago, operated by the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare.
Aser Levy Public Baths are located in Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street. It has a reference number 80002709, it is added to the National Register of Historic Places 1980-04-23., Aser Levy Public Baths are located in Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street.
The Adirondack Regional Airport serves the Lake Placid, New York. Its runway length is 1219.0 and its runway length is 1219.0., Adirondack Regional Airport serves the Lake Placid, New York, Saranac Lake, New York. It has a runway length of 1219.0 and its runway length is 1219.0., Adirondack Regional Airport serves the Lake Placid, New York, Saran
The AMC Matador is related to the AMC Matador., The AMC Matador is associated with the AMC ambassador., The AMC Matador is related to the AMC Matador.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which is published by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, has an ISBN number 978-1-4107-4253-7., 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, has an ISBN number 978-1-4107-4253-7., 1634: The Bavarian Crisis originates from Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, has an ISBN number 978-1-4075-
Arrrabbiata sauce is a food ingredient in Tomato. It is an ingredient in salsa Arrabbiata which is from Italy., Arrrabbiata sauce is a food ingredient in Tomato and it is originated from Italy., Arrrabbiata sauce is a food ingredient in Tomato.
Amdavad ni Gufa is a leader in India, ta's T. S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan., Amdavad ni Gufa is a leader in India, ta's T. S Thakur et Ta's Thakur. Amdavad ni Gufa is a leader in India, ta's Sumitra Mahajan., Amdavad ni Gufa is a leader in India, ta's T. S Thakur, ta
Airey Neave, which was active in 1953-05-31 and he had attended on 30 March 1979., Airey Neave has attended on 30 March 1979. He is active in 1953-06-27 and he performed on 30 March 1979., Airey Neave's active in 1953-06-27 and he fought on 30 March 1979. He fought on 30 March 1979. He fought on 30 March 1979.
Aser Levy Public Baths are added to the National Register of Historic Places in 23rd Street (Manhattan) and is a member of Asser Levy Public Baths at 23rd Street (Manhattan), it has architectural style Romanesque Revival architecture. It has a reference number 80002709., Aser Levy Public Baths were ajouted to the National Register of Historic Places in 23rd Street
Agustin Barboza, a solo singer Agustin Barboza, has l'album label Philips Records., Agustin Barboza, a solo singer Agustin Barboza, is a solo singer.
Agrapiraca, Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is a member of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. L'estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca, Brazil. Is a member of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. It is a member of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. Il y compris Vila Nova FSpartak., Mae Agremiação Sportiva
Agusín Barboza, a partire de Gran Asuncion, gran Asuncion, Juan Afara, became in Asuncion., Agusín Barboza, a partire de Gran Asuncion, gran Asuncion, is part of Gran Asuncion, Juan Afara and Juan Afara., Agusín Barboza, a partire de Gran Asuncion, gran Asuncion, gran Asuncion.
3Arena, which is located in Dublin, part of Poblacht na hÉireann, Ireland. Críona Ní Dhálaigh and críona Ní Dhálaigh., Críona Ní Dhálaigh, Dublin, part of Poblacht na hÉireann, bíodh 3Arena a proprietaire de Live Nation Entertainment.
Garth Nix, Aenir has a ISBN number 1-439-17684-0., Aenir is l'auteur de Garth Nix, Garth Nix, it has a ISBN number 1-439-17684-0., Aenir has a ISBN number 1-439-17684-0.
The ISBN number of A Wizard of Mars is 978-20-15-204700-2., The ISBN number of A Wizard of Mars is 978-20-15-204700-2., The ISBN number of A Wizard of Mars is 978-20-15-204700-2 and has an ISBN number 978-20-15-204700-2.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in Battle of Chancellorsville., Alfred Moore Scales fought in Battle of Chancellorsville.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. L'Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students., L'Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. L'Acharya Institute of Technology operated in
Former Trane, La Crosse, Wisconsin, y ha 58.38 km/h. L'espace total de la Crosse, Wisconsin, y ha 58.38 km/h., Trane, La Crosse, Wisconsin, has 58.38 km/h.
Austin, Texas a population density of 1296.65 (inhabitants per sq km), is 686.0 square kilometre and has a total area of 704.95 square kilometres., Austin, Texas a population density of 1296.65 (inhabitants per sq km), has a total area of 706.95 square kilometre and an area code 512., Austin, Texas a population density of 1296.65 (
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez e's club in A.D. Isidro Metapan., Jorge Humberto Rodríguez e's club in A.D. Isidro Metapan., Jorge Humberto Rodríguez e's club in A.D. Isidro Metapan.
Tarō Asō is a leader in Japan, Tarō Asō., Tarō Asō is a leader in Japan, Tarō Asō.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Madison County, Indiana. Anderson, Indiana is part of Madison County, Indiana., Anderson, Indiana is part of Madison County, Indiana, United States. Anderson, Indiana is part of Madison County, Indiana.
Aaron S Daggett fought in Battle of Cold Harbor, where Robert E Lee was a commander., Aaron S Daggett fought in Battle of Cold Harbor, where Robert E Lee is a commander., Aaron S Daggett fought in Battle of Cold Harbor, where Robert E Lee was a commander.
Andra, a became in Romania. Andra is a solo singer whose genre is Rhythm and blues. It has a background of solo singer. He was born in Romania in 1986., Andra, a solo singer, fought in Romania in 1986. Andra is a solo singer whose genre is Rhythm and Blues. Its background is solist. Andra is a solo singer whose genre is Rhythm and blues.
The orbital period of 1097 Vicia is 135589000.0 and it has an epoch date 31 December 2006.
The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen., The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen.
Boris Johnson, l'Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom in London. Is a monnaie de Pound sterling.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is a solo singer. L'album label RCA Records and Zamba originated from Zamba. , Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is a solo singer. , Alfredo Zitarrosa (artform RCA Records) has a solo singer. , Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, was a solo 
Alex Plante, a member of Anyang Halla, was born on May 9, 1989 in Brandon, Manitoba., Alex Plante, a member of Anyang Halla, is a member of Anyang Halla and has a member of Anyang Halla., Alex Plante, a member of Anyang Halla, had a member of Anyang Halla, a member of Anyang Halla.
The mass of 1099 Figneria is 2.7 kilograms., The mass of 1099 Figneria's mass is 2.7 kilograms., The mass of 1099 Figneria's mass is 2.7 kilograms., The mass of 1099 Figneria's mass is 2.7 kilograms.
 Cornell University nickname Cornell Big Red.,  Cornell University nickname Cornell Big Red.
Alex Plante's height is 1.1.9384]., Alex Plante's length is 1.994].
107 Camilla epoch was on 31 December 2006 and is discovered by N.R. Pogson., 107 Camilla epoch was on 31 December 2006 and has an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
L'Italie, l'Italie is a leader de Pietro Grasso, l'Italie. L'Italie in cui Sergio Mattarella e' l'Istituzione di Amatriciana sauce and l'Italia capitale rom., L'Italie è l'Italie a leader de Pietro Grasso, l'Italie é l'Italie; l'Italie s'est rassemblée
Aaron S Daggett compense Purple Heart., Aaron S Daggett awards Aaron S Daggett a Purple Heart.
Alfons Gorbach, a breith in Austria, was in office while Adolf Schärf is President., Alfons Gorbach, a breith in Autriche, was in office while Adolf Schärf was president., Alfons Gorbach, a breith in Autriche, was in office while Adolf Schärf was President., Alfons Gorbach, a breith in Autriche, was in office while Adolf Schärf was
The Alvis Speed 25 which has a cylindre of 4387,0 (cubicCentimetres), is a transmission of 4387.0 crunway, a single plate cشنطة, a 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle., The Alvis Speed 25 which has a cylindre
Mdonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle, l'armée Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and Lockheed AC-130. Il Boeing C-17 Globemaster III was a member of the United States Air Force and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle. , McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle, l'armée Al Asad airbase is operated by Lockheed AC-130.
Abilene, Texas a part of Jones County, Texas. Abilene, Texas is part of Jones County, Texas., Abilene, Texas (part of Jones County, Texas) is part of Jones County, Texas.
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore, i Singapore., Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore, i Singapore where Beef kway teow is a member of Tony Tan., Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore where Beef kway teow is a member of Tony Tan., Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore where Beef kway teow is a member of Tony Tan.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is a genre of Zamba., Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, was a solo singer., Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is a solo singer., Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is a solo singer.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is a leader of the City Administration., Ann Arbor, Michigan is a leader of the city ADMINISTRATEUR.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was authored by Eric Flint, is a media type of Ebook., 1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was authored by Eric Flint, was a media type of Ebook., 1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was authored by Eric Flint, is a media type of Ebook.
