Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He retired on 1st August 1974, and died in California. A part of Apollo 14 operated by NASA.
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. (corporation) - manufactured in pharmaceuticals; it was founded on 1st January 2001, and he has an CEO as its key person. 
L'Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States. L'Albany is part of Manhattan.
Mae, India - is the location of the AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala. It has 250 academic staff and Mumbai as its largest city.
Alan Martin played football for Clyde F.C., which has Barry Ferguson as its manager. Alan Martin is a footballer for Motherwell FC who have their home ground in Fir Park.
Edmund J. Davis died in Austin, Texas. 
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy. 
Alvah Sabin a member of the Whig Party in the United States, where Daniel Webster is l'leader. He passed away in Sycamore, Illinois. Il juge Vermont; biggest city de Burlington, Irmont.
GMA New Media produces a World Wide Web. 
N.R. Pogson is a nationality in England. 
A Long Long Way, published by Viking Press in Ireland, is followed by The Secret Scripture. It was preceded by Annie Dunne and the sequel to A Long long Way (in Ireland).
A Fortress of Grey Ice comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. In quelque sorte, un ethnic group in the U.S. are African Americans and b'e'r president baack Obama. 
A.C. Cesena play in Serie B, where Carpi FC 1909 were champions. 
Andrew Rayel, a member of the band Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma,Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano,Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose (Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin) e Alexandra Badoi. He is associated with musician Armine vanBuuren; Boïda, Marjija, Marc Sixta, Juan Mammuten,
William Anders, a US national, was born in British Hong Kong on 17th October 1933. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. 1962 and retired on 1st September 1969.
Bhajji, a food found in India, is where gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients., Bjjji originates from India; it includes gram farine, fruits et legumes.
A Severed Wasp, a hardcover, has 388 pages and an OCLC number 8805735. Its ISBN number is 0-374-26131-8. It can be found in Hardcover.
Arabic is a language spoken in the Philippines, where they speak Arabic., The language of the الفلبين comes from the country arabe.
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of the deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally, was born in Greece. He worked as Prime Minister of Populoorthodox Rally. 
A Severed Wasp, a print type, has 388 pages. It has an ISBN number 0-374-26131-8 and it is available in print. 
L'Allama Iqbal International Airport serves Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. L'Autorité Civil Aviation Pakistane is l'autorité palestinienne Shehbaz Sharif. Il y shall operated by all-Ajráil International Adawr Uttar Pradesh in Pakistan (il sergent lahore).
Aaron Bertram is a member of the band Suburban Legends, which has Ska as an genre.
Austin, Texas is a part of Williamson County in Texas, where the largest city is Round Rock. C'est l'assuré de county seat Georgetown, Austin.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in the United States, where Barack Obama was a leader. It comes from the U.S. African Americans are an ethnic group within the country., Led by bBarack Obama, all'Autaithe, hails Alcatraz Versux the Labyrintans written in English (language: Great Britain).
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas which is in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Claude Bartolone - a leader in France, where Barny Cakes can be found. Gérard Larcher and Claude Barthone are leaders. 
The reference number of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House, located at 83 U.S. Route 83 in the National Register of Historic Places, is 88002539., Astir et Mary Elizabeth Pierleריצ's House are based on 83 United States Route 83. It has an Reference number 80002539 in N.R.
Il Delta II, which originated in the United States, is manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office. It was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base vandenberg and Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. Il rocket Antares originates from the U.S. A.L.A.; it had its Launch site atVandenberg air Force base devandenberg.
Denzil Antonio gère Akron Summit Assault, a full name is Akron Metro FK Club Al-Assault which has 3000 members. Il y played in the 2011 PDL season 2011.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, which was established in 1996, has 100 academic staff. Il dean is Mario Botta. L'Académie dictata en 1996 and it had 100 m staff.
Austin, Texas is located in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are African Americans. Among the U.S. are known as americans and there are an ethno group called Afro-Américains. 
Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States, where Paul Ryan leads. 
L'Université 1 Decembrie 1918 s'inscrit in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is a leader. La capitale dei Romania n'est Bucharest. L'université haïtiú 1 Dicembre 1918 f'appartient en Roumanie.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions of campionat  Brasiliens. 
Andrew White is a musician who performs alternative rock. 
Bananaman, a first aired on 3rd October 1983, was created by Steve Bright. Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman (STV)., Bananaman, commençant Paul Bright, debuté on 10th octobre 1983 and is broadcast by STV.
Austin, Texas a total area of 703.95 square kilometres, has l'area de land 686.0 sq km., Led by Austin in Texas, it has an area di land686.0 (square kilometers) e 693.95 sq Km.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England, where the Labour Party (UK) is a leader of Manchester. 
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is the leader and a country's national anthem is O Canada. Il y compris l'esclavage dei pauvret communautaire (O Canada).
L'Irish Frederick, Maryland is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument which was established on 11 July 1907. It is categorised as a district historique in the U.S. A.R.A. and it was operated by the National Park Service.
1/19 is the name of a runway name for Alpena County Regional Airport 1/19. 
A Long Long Way, which was preceded by Annie Dunne, is published by Faber and Fabber in Ireland. It comes from Ireland where White people are one of the ethnic groups. 
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia, where Bakso can be found. Bakxo comes from Indonésie, the capital of which c'est Jakarta.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, in Indiana, United States. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and its total area is 4.14 sq km.
A.C. Lumezzane played in 2014 and fought in Lega Pro/A, where they have 4150 members. 
A Long Long Way, which was followed by The Secret Scripture, is a food found in Ireland. It was published by Faber and Fabber, it has an ethnic group of White people.
Lancia Thema is the Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy. It has a straight-four engine and Fiat Croma. Il y compris all'Istitut., Il romano 164 (assemblé inאיטליה) hails feidhmiú in Italia, e lancia Istituta. Its motto devono essere altezza-quatrième dinamo, massima-quattro body.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen., Diemen is the birth place of Adam Mahers, diemen.
Il Memorial turco Martyrs, Baku, made of red granite and white marble, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
Addis Ababa, Addis-Ababa in Ethiopia, where Hailemariam Desalegn and Mulatu Teshome are leaders. L'Etiopia is governed by Mayra Tuteshome i measc ta'Ideida.
Adisham Hall, Sri Lanka, architectural style of Tudor Revival, was completed in 1931. It is located in Sri Lanca., Addisham Hall (Sri Lanka) s'est achevé en 1931.
Elliot See, a student of the University of Texas at Austin, Dallas. It competed in the Big 12 Conference and is affiliated to the U.S. system. He was born in Dallas et president Gregory L Fenves. 
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of the U.S. where African Americans are an ethnic group. It is within the state of Georgia, in the United States., L-At Washington DC, Alpharetta (Georgia) comes from the US, a country which has l-Americans as one of its ethnological groups.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom. 
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, Denmark, was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association. L'universita's organisation eradicata en 1928.
Ajoblanco, a currency of Spain, is also known as Ajo Blanco. Ajoblanco comes from Spain and it has bread as an ingredient. 
Amdavad ni Gufa, Ahmedabad, India, is located in Gujarat. Amdavad Ni Gubha (led by Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus), vicino CEPT University, opp. Uttar Pradesh, U.R.U.N.A.T. A.L.J.B. I.G.
L- California is located in the United States, where you will find California. 
Bionico, a type of dessert, comes from bionico and it can be varied by Honey. 
Elliot See, a St. Louis, died on 28 February 1966 in St-Louis. He was selected by NASA in 1962., American Elliot see passed away on the 28th of Feb 1966 su St Louis. J.S. deb't New York en 1966.
Spanish is a language spoken in Mexico, where they speak Spanish., The language of Mexico comes from Spain and one of the languages used in this language.
Antioch, California a total area 75.324 square kilometres, has l'area code 925, it has an UTC offset of -7 and its population is 102372.
Akeem Dent, a member of Atlanta Georgia in 1987, was born in Atlanta, Georgia. 
Luanda is 159 metres above sea level and serves the city of Angola. L'arrivée dei l'aeroporto internazionale, which hails Luanda, in 159 km/h.
Alvah Sabin a member of the Whig Party (United States).
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which were constructed in 1913, are located in Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 and has a reference number 87000823.
A.F.C. Fylde has 31180 members and their home ground is the Ilde. 
L'AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark, is owned by Bella Center. It has 23 floors and was tenanted by Marriott International.
Atlanta is Atlanta a largest city in Fulton County, Georgia. 
110 Lydia, a epoch date 31 December 2006, has an orbital period of 142603000.0 and periapsis is 377016000000.0., Lydia (lydia) had an apocys de 37716000000000, et it was on 31.12.2006.
Adam Koc, a polacco, Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. Lien polonais — Polonais; Leon Trotsky blâm l'arrivée dei Polacco–Soviet war.
A.C. Lumezzane played in Lega Pro 2014-15 and fought in Serie Pro 2014.
A Glastonbury Romance, available in hardcover, has an ISBN number of 0-67156-3648-0., The ISBN Number of the book (0-7156-328-0) is 7156-648-0.
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of the New Democracy (Greece) which has blue as its colour and was in office while Antonis Samaras became Prime Minister. Konstantinos Mitsotakis succeeded Adonis Gérard's Party.
14L/32R is the name of runway at Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport. It has l'arrivée named 14L 32R. 
Born in Svezia, Ace Wilder is a solo singer. It was signed to the Warner Music Group and became recorded by an recording label dei music group (WarnerMusic Group).
AZAL PFK played in AZAL Arena, where Qarabag FK are the champions of Azerbaijan Premier League. 
Akeem Priestley plays for FK Mughan and is a member of the FKMughan club. 
L-Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, India. It was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its president is B.M. Reddy. In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road (Birmingham – 560090).
Adare Manor is a food found in the Republic of Ireland. 
Arlington, Texas is a part of Tarrant County in Texas, United States, where Austin is the capital and Houston is an largest city. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Singapore, Java, where English is the language and Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups. It comes from Indonesia. 
1101 Clematis has a periapsis of 445895000000.0., The peripsise of 1101 kilometres celestial body, is 45585000000,0. 
The building of Adare Manor started in 1700 and it was completed. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English, where Washington D.C. is the capital and African Americans are an ethnic group of the U.S.
Abel Hernández played for the Uruguay Olympic football team and plays for an Uruguay. 
Aenir, a print publication, was written by Garth Nix. It has the OCLC number 45644811 and it is published in print.
Albany, Georgia is a part of the state of Georgia, in the United States. In which English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.,  Albany,Georgia (in the U.S.) is situate in Georgia.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, a leader of Albuquerques, N.M. is led by the Council City Council and has an title as l'Albaquierque.
Aleksandra Kovac, a pop musician, is associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač. J.K. Pop music performer Aleksandra kovač (pop music).
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer are leaders. Agnes Kant belonged to the Socialist Party (Paesi Bass), which hails in red. Il sionisme dei pauvret Dei-Khouten et Marguerite.
AZAL PFK, which has 3500 members, is located at the AZAL Arena. It play in the Azerbaijan Premier League where Qarabag FK are champions. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a food found in the United States, where English is the language. 
Adam Holloway, a member of Parliament for Gravesham, was born in Kent. He graduated from Magdalene College Cambridge and began feidhmiú maidir le 5 May 2005.
Allan Shivers fought in World War II and fecame involved in the war. 
Frangipane is an ingredient in the tart Derbyshire Dales, a part of l'Derby England. Il y compris le tart Bakewell pudding (formiated as Bakwell Pudding).
Aaron Deer, Indianapolis, Indiana, is a Psychedelia solo singer. He originated in Indiana (Indiana).
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, London where Boris Johnson is a leader., Boris Johnson leads Londra, o became the leader dei London (b'il l-L-London).
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where Daniel Martinez (politician) and Raul Fernando Sendic Rodríguez are leaders. Il y compris Spanish is one of the languages spoken in Uruguay.
Bananaman broadcast by STV and was radiodiffused by Bananaman. 
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, located in Beverly Hills, California. 
Audi e-tron is a division of Audi, whose division is Audi. 
Aaron Turner, a black metal musician, plays Electric guitar. Death metal is the fusion genre of Black metal which comes from death metal. 
Ayam penyet s'est found nationwide in Java, where Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups. It can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore.
Mae's languages are Sami. In Finland, the language spoken in Finland is Sami.
Aaron Boogaard, a member of Wichita Thunder, was born in Regina, Saskatchewan. He is 1.905 m tall and he plays for wichita Viking., Born Roland Bubner, saskatquewan, f'Abraham, who has an elevation of 1,.905m long, became attached to the Jitta Thunder.
A ethnic group in the Philippines is the Pangasinense people, a country where one of the prominent groups is Philippine. 
L'Alan B. Miller Hall, which was constructed on 30 March 2007, is located in Virginia and owned by the College of William & Mary. L'Alban b'll began 31 March 2007.
Gordon Marsden is a leader in Blackpool, where Stuart Parker manages A.F.C. blackpool. He played football for Chesterfield FC and K Mechelen.
250 Delaware Avenue, architectural style postmoderne, had 12 floors. It was completed in janvier 2014; it has 12 Floors and an area of 30843.8 square metres.
Amarillo, Texas is a part of Randall County in Texas, United States, where there are an ethnic group called Native Americans., In the U.S. Amarillo (part de RandAll County) and includes many native americans.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where Uruguayans are known as Uruguayens. Tabaré Vázquez is a leader in Uruguay. 
L'Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, New Netherland, U.S. A.R.A.
Atiku Abubakar, a vice-president Mike Akhigbe, was in office while Oladipo Diya succeeded AbdulsalamiAbubakar., Affirmated by Abhigbe (Vice-President Mike), Awji Afjakiba, became Vice-Président Aiyodilo Diya e successor Jéhovah Atiko Abubaka.
A Glastonbury Romance, published in print, has an ISBN number of 0-67156-3648-0., The ISBN Number of A Glasdonbury (in print) is 7156-328-0.
Sara Miller McCune e'r founder Administrative Science Quarterly, which is abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q, was published by SAGE Publications. 
AIP Advances, published by the American Institute of Physics, was edited by A.T. Charlie Johnson and is located in the U.S.A.R.Y.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, in Indiana. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and its total area is 4.14 sq km.
Abner W. Sibal, a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District, was born in Ridgewood, Queens. He went to office as membro de la Republican Party (United States), where Donald J Irwin successor. 
J.V. Jones e J V Jones wrote A Fortress of Grey Ice, ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6., Jev W Jones is the author of E.F.R.A.L.Y.E. and ISBN Number 0-67653-63-6.
Lellwyncott Williams & Wilkins is the capital of the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is a leader. Il AIDS (journal) can be found in the U.K. London. It was published by Lippincott WWI-Wilhelmins and Wilkins.
Albennie Jones e's genre jazz, which originated from blues and Afrobeat is a fusion genre. Jazz musician Albenny Jones comes from the Blues and has its stylistic origins in it.
GMA New Media, a produzione dei World Wide Web, is located in Quezon City. Il'y compris le Philippine Entertainment Portal et l'Idirlíon communautaire en matière d'intrattenimento. L'Affari Internitoires peuvent être constitutifs all'infériorietà mondiale.
Sausage is an ingredient in Bacon Explosion which comes from the United States, where sausage can be found. 
Aenir has an OCLC number 45644811], a ISBN number 45644531.
L'Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka, where the Arabian Sea is to its west. L'Istitut de Teicneolaíochta Acharya situated al-Uttar Pradesh.
Anders Osborne, a rock musician, is associated with Tab Benoit and Galactic band. Anders Osborn plays Rock music. He was associate to the band Billy Iuso and Babbo Binoit.
N.R. Pogson a discoverer 107 Camilla., (107) Camille was discovered by N. R Pggson.
Llemish Department of Mobility and Public Works, Antwerp International Airport is 12 metres above sea level. It is operated by l'Atroport international which has an elevation of 12,0 meters long al-livello. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark, a country where the school is found. 
Bhajji a bhajji comes from the Karnataka region in India, where Narendra Modi and Vajubhai Vala are leaders.
Hypermarcas, a pharmaceutical company, is therefore manufactured by cosmetic products. It comes from the industry of Pharmaceuticals and produces cosmétiques. 
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which comes from New York, United States. , Sponge Cake is one of the ingredients in baked (Alaska), a food that can be found in new York and originates from the U.S.A.
A Glastonbury Romance, published in hardcover, has an OCLC number 76798317 and an ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0., L'OCLC Number 7679817 et L (ISBN number: 0-67156-328-0).
Andrew White, a musician, genre alternative rock, is associated with Marry Banilow., Former Alternative rock artist Andrew White (musician) s'engaged in the band Marchry Bajlow and MarRY Bani Low.
L'AIDS (journal) was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, parent company Wolters Kluwer. It is located in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders.
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans. It is a language spoken in Great Britain and it was tuairisced in English. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18 November 1923. He served as a test pilot and died in California. J'ai awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Méd.
Al Anderson started active in 1966. He played with the band NRBQ and The Wildweeds. Al Anderson, a member of the NBQ band (NRBQ) is associated with Wewkes.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. T S Thakur and Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly are leaders in India.
Aleksandra Kovač, a solo singer, was born in Belgrade in 1972. He performs pop music and became active in 1971. 
3Arena, located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland, is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and its leader is Críona Ní Dhálaigh. It is part of Dublin (République d'Irlande).
Trane, a subsidiary in Ireland, is located in Europe. Trane was founded in La Crosse (W Wisconsin). Il y includes 29,000 impieciens.
Alfredo Zitarrosa performs Milonga music. 
Abradab's background is solo singer., Agdab has a background as solo singer.
Akron Summit Assault, a ground in Akron,Ohio, United States, is located in the Premier Development League where K-W United FC were champions. 
Austin, Texas is a part of Williamson County in Texas, where the county seat is Georgetown. Austin and Houston are an largest city as Houston. 
(410777) 2009 FD which was discovered by Spacewatch, has a periapsis of 88234300000,0. 
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and fecame awarded the Purple Heart.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada, and became part of the Korean War. 
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore – 560090, India, y has 700 postgraduate students., L'Istituto dei Technology In the city of Bangalore (India) is a campus in Saskatevanóireachta, Abhji Dr Sravarb Alirv. Rafraj Agraj agraj Kallaj Pallaj Andraj'', Harmadh Pradesh, Bangalore — 56
Amdavad ni Gufa, Gujarat, India, is located in Ahmedabad. Narendra Modi and Karnataka Legislative Assembly are leaders in India. 
Anders Osborne, a rock musician, is associated with Tab Benoit and Billy Iuso. He played with the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars.
Al Asad airbase in Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force. It has a runway length of 307,48.
Drew Caldwell is a leader of Brandon, Manitoba.  Led by Drew Calwell as 'ld Byern (Manitoba)., Ild by Gorm Campbellwell é דרו Guffwell.
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army and fought in branch. 
Andra, a solo singer, is rhythm and blues music. Disco derives from R & blues.
The Atlas II, a diameter of 3.04 m, was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36. L'Atlas II originated in the United States. It had its final flight on 16th March 1998., At dernier voyage al 16 marzo 1998, it has an diametre of 33.04m, operated by vandenberg air force Base Vanacker. Il is powered by Falcon Lock 36.
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen II and VfL Wolfsburg. He formerly plays for FvWolfsburg but he is a member of the SV Weder Brebner II. 
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown, Charlotte Town.,  Adam McQuid's birth place is Charlotte town and became a member of the St.Charlottetown.
A.C. Chievo Verona, a Serie A, play in Serie AS and has their home ground at Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi. 
L'inauguration date 27 July 1932 is the inauguration of the Ataturk Monument (Izmir) in Turkey. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is part of New-Mexique, has a total area of 490.9 square kilometres. Its population density is 1142.3 inhabitants per sq km and its area code is 505, 575.
Buzz Aldrin, a crew member Apollo 11 was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He spent 52.0 minutes in space and fought in orbite 5,2.0minutes. 
Born in Sweden on 23rd July 1982, Ace Wilder is a solo singer. He was born in 1982 and fought in Svezia on 7th May 1982.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where one of the states is home to a population. 
Walter Baade, a German national, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He attende l'Université Göttingen.
L-Premier ministre Klaus Iohannis, a leader in Romania. L-Ufficio «1 Decembrie 1918» is situato in Alba Iulia, Romania (capital: Bucharest). Il-République centrata romania devrait occuparsi d'abord le Premier ministro Lucsamburg. C'est l-Romanian where the national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, romane!.
Massimo Drago played for Delfino Pescara 1936 and plays for Derfino Speziara, 1936. 
L'AIDAstella, owned by Costa Crociere, operated by AIDA Cruises in Germany. It is located in Germania and operates by Aida Cruise Line. 
Aaron Deer, a Psychedelia musician, plays the guitar. Aaron deer's genre is psychidelia and he performs blues music. 
Alessio Romagnoli played at UC Sampdoria. He currently plays at A.C. Milan, where Siniša Mihajlović is managed by Silvio Berlusconi. Il y a member of the Italian national under 17 football team.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II, where Chiang Kai-shek was a commander. A became part of the United States Army. 
Agustin Barboza, a birth place in Paraguay, is part of Gran Asunción, gran Asuncion. Juan Afara - l'arrivée dei Guanyáin. Agustin Barboz died in Asuncio, particolarement compris le Gran Assunción. Is where the Mestizo are an ethnic group. 
Albany, Georgia is a part of Dougherty County in Georgia, United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, Denmark, was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16 000 students. Il y a student whose staff is 737.
Mae Batchoy comes from the Philippines, where one of the ethnic groups is Chinese Filipino. 
Marv Wolfman a member of the Eagle Award (comics) was awarded by Marv Winman. 
L-Aviation Force United States, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom, operates Al Asad. L-U.S. Air Force is l-équipage dei bagar Lockheed AC-130 and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle.
L'Université 1 Decembrie 1918 s'inscrit in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is a Premier Minister. L'université deistruzione 1, Deinverno 1918 f'appartient en Roumanie.
Elliot See, who was born in Dallas, attended l'Université Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the University of Texas system. He died in St Louis.
Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 and graduated from Sc.D. 1963. In 1963, became an crew member of Apollo 11 which had William Anders as backup pilot. 
Lermish Department of Mobility and Public Works, l'Atroport international Antwerp is operated by a Flemish Region. It serves the city of Athens where it is owned by flemish region.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport located in Madrid, Spain, is 610 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 3500.0 and it is 610.0 meters long. 
A.S. Roma, a full name is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A and has 70634 members. It competed in Serie A 2014-15. 
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., has an ISSN number 1588-2632 and an LCCN number 83645315., LCCN Number 86463315, it's can be found by Acte Math.
Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II leads. 
Lockheed Martin manufactured l'Atlas II, which was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and operated by Lockheed Marlin. 
Bacon Explosion, a main course, comes from bacon. Bacon is an ingredient in it. 
Alan Frew performs rock music which has its stylistic origins in Country music and originates from Rock music. 
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas, United States. He served as a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 where David Scott commanded.
John Cowper Powys wrote Wolf Solent, which was written by John CowperaPowys. 
Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II leads. Led by Elizabeth I, an AIDS journal originates from the U.K.
Arlington, Tarrant County, Texas. Fort Worth and Houston are the largest city in Texas where English is spoken. 
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst., is a academic discipline of Computer Science and has an ISSN number 1046-8188.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company on May 1950-August 1956. It is 17068.8 millimetres long and has 12 cylinders, a V12 engine. 
 Potter County, Texas is located in Texas., Pensylvania County (Texas) is part of Texas.
At Texas, where English is one of the languages and it is known as Texan, in the United States. L'aerfort pontifical Andrews situated in Texas (United States). Il y compris Texans are ainmneacha de Texas. 
Abel Hernandez, whose club is Central Espanol, plays football for Hull City A.F.C. which has Steve Bruce as its manager. He fought in Central Español and Peñarol.
Addis Ababa City Hall, a 42m tall, is 42 m. Its current tenants are the Government of Addis-Ababa and it has an height of 42 M.
Acura is a division of Honda, where Honda's division is Acura. 
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, Denmark, was established in 1928. It is affiliated with the European University Association. Il has 737 academic staff and 16000 students.
The Audi A1 which was assembled in Audi Brussels, is made by Audi., L'Audi A1. It has its assemblage at Audi (Brussels).
Roghnaigh Artur Rasizade, is a leader in Azerbaijan. Is é an Memorial Turicirs' túrniferi ar Azerbaïdjan dedicator do the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. , Huseyin Bütüner agus Hilmi Guner are na príomhghníomhairí أذربيቸዋል፡፡, Maurifiant turchiar turc Turk Sehitleri Aniti or Türk Şehitleri Ada
Atlanta, which has a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre, has an area code 404, 678, 470 and 347.1 sq km., The total area of Atlanta (whose are 34.7 sq Km) is 34,7.1 Sq km/h, it has the areacode 404( 678 et 470).
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a member of the Nigerian State, was born in Niger State. He worked as Chief of Defence Staff (Nigeria).
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the overland Campaign and fecame part of the Overland. 
The Battle of Fredericksburg was part of the American Civil War conflict.  La Bataille of FEDERFCsburg consists in an American civil war conflict.
Poaceae, a class of Monocotyledon, is an 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) surfaced by poaceae. 
L'AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, owned by Bella Center, was designed by 3XN and tenant by Marriott International. It has 23 floors. Il y a had an architect of the A3XN et l'ormheas de Bella Centre.
Abilene, Texas is a part of Taylor County in Texas, United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Anaheim, California - laissez-passer Anaheim (L.S.), l.R. House of Representatives is a part of the United States Congress. L.A.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv, where Oleh Luzhny managed. He is a member of FC Fyljgaladze and his home ground is the Erosi Manjhaladze Stadium. 
Albany, Oregon is a part of Benton County in Oregon, United States. Washington D.C. Is the capital of the U.S. where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The Memorial Turkish Martyrs in Baku is made of red granite and white marble. 
Aenir was followed by Above the Veil, which is written in English. It comes from a language of English.
Ayam penyet s'est a food found in Java, Singapore. Halimah Yacob is the leader of Singapore, where there are an ethnic group including Banyumasan people and bananaman people.
Meyer Werft built the AIDAstella, which was constructed by Meyer Werfl. 
Aenir, a sequel to the novel Castle, was followed by Into Battle and The Violet Keystone. It was preceded by Aenur (novel Castle).
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, which has 17000 members, is the full name of Agremiacao Sicura Arapiriquenne. It has 17 000 members and it's totally known as Awgremiação Sesportiva Arapirquensey., The full title of Acemiacion Swyscanta Sarawak (abbreviated to Afremiacao Sinqueraquiense) consists of 177,000 members; it had 16,000 members
Alan Bean, a test pilot, was born in Wheeler, Texas. He attended UT Austin in 1955 and operated Apollo 12 by NASA. David Scott is the commander of Alan Bean. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where the leader is Daniel Martínez and Tabaré Vázquez. Il y e'n Uruguayans are known as Uruguayens.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group. Il-Amonym of the U.S. A.R.A.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for PAS Tehran F.C. and he plays for the PAS Taehran FC., Aحمد Kadhimi Assaad formerly is a member of PAS Teheran FC.
L'Alhambra a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes is located in Deptford. L' Alhambra s'avrebbe l'Humprys; Diekes (w).
Trane, a total of 29,000 employs, has revenue 10264000000, and net income is $556,300,000.,  Trane ha 29000 salaries, an annual density of $10,264,000,000, per gettit net-incentivamento USD 556,30000, et 19,000عمال.
Albert Jennings Fountain, Staten Island, was born in the United States. He died in New Mexico Territory., Born in St. I.N.A., U.S. A.J.K. M.R. N.M. P.P.
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC, was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky. It has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres and its epoch date is 27 June 2015.
Chinabank, a public company, was founded in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands.,  Chinabank (founded en insular Gouvernement pénitencier des Philippines) operates commentement de type public.
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia. Bakso comes from Chinese cuisine and originates from China.
Sweet potato, which is a division of Fruiting Plants, can be found in Binignit. It has an ingredient in binignit and it comes from the genre of flowering plant. 
Alex Plante, a member of Anyang Halla, was born in Manitoba in 1989. He played for the club Jurisprudence (Manitoba).
Agnes Kant risiede in the Netherlands. 
Adenan Satem graduated from the University of Adelaide and attended l'Université de Perth. 
Ajoblanco, which is a food found in Andalusia, Spain. Sasana Diaz and Susana Diaaz are leaders in Sardegna., Mae Ajoblanco comes from Andalussia, region dei paesi, partly led by Felipe VI of Spáinnis. Signora Diaz - l'espháirt Spanjairí. 
AZ Alkmaar, a full name of Alkmaar Zaanstreek, fought in 2014 and has 17023 members., AlKmaar Zanwys is l'enigma dei AZ alqmaar which was played in 2014. J'y went in the 2014 season. Ils have 17023.
Agra Airport, which is located in India, operated by the Indian Air Force. It has an ICAO location identifier VIAG., Operated by Agra Airport (in India) and operates by Aviation Force indiana. L'ICAO Location Identifier VIG.
The AIDS (journal) has an academic discipline of HIV, which is a member of the orthoretrovirinae. It's home to HIV whose parental family is Orthoretrovanee.
Alfons Gorbach, a married in Imst, In Austria. He died in Graz. Doris Bures is the leader of Austria where Austrian German is one of the languages spoken.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci, who plays for Genoa C.F.C. and Real Madrid FC. 
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is The Fylda. 
Chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which includes chorizo. 
Elliot See, a test pilot, was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the U.S.T. Ta's system and died in St. Louis.
L'Agraham County Andrews is located in Texas, United States, where Houston is the largest city. 
Alvah Sabin, a member of Vermont, fought on March 4th 1853. He passed away in Sycamore, Illinois and began his career on 3rd Congressional District vVermont. Burlington is l'unique city de Saskatchewan.
Il Dodge Coronet is a hardtop in 1955, which has an V8 engine. Desidered être formerly known as the Dodg coronet and devono belonger à Hardtop. 
Lenol is a member of the Rosids order or Rosid. Bandeja paisa comes from the Paisa region, Colombian. Il y compris an ingredient in bandeja paisa and it can be found in the family Rutaceae.
Atlantic County, New Jersey is located in the United States. , Atlantic County (New Jersey) comes from the U.S.
L'Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. Il runway name of it is South Runway.
Albennie Jones a performer rhythm and blues, which originated from blues music. Rhythm and Blues originates from the blues. 
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a became born in the United States and died in New York City. He worked as the U.S. Secretary of Health, Education, Welfare and was succeeded by John N Dempsey. 
Aleksandr Chumakov является chairman Aleksandr Tukmanov, а played football for FC Torpedo Moscow. Яна играл в Чемпионате Италии по футболу 2014-15 и он был менеджером Valery Petrakov. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov, a member of FC Kuban Krasnodar, was born on 24 February 1989. He played for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kovan krasnodar. 
Abel Caballero, a Ponteareas, was born in Galicia (Spain), f'Galilterra., Fegamento area Territorial Andalusia, Figliolterra, Spáinnis, Abel Caallero; belonged to Galeareas.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, in the United States, where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups., The U.S. includes l'ethnic group called Amarillo and native americans.
Binignit, a main ingredients of binignit are banana and sweet potatoes.
Olympo Diya e Oladipo Diya preceded Mike Akhigbe. 
Born in Bloomington, Maryland, Albert B. White, married Agnes Ward White and was succeeded by William M O Dawson. He died in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
L-Adams County, Pennsylvania, where Franklin County and Cumberland County is to its north. Carroll County et Maryland is the municipality of Gettysburg. Il-ll-east de Adams County (Pennsylvanie). L-w-Yl-Jel-Cumberland can be found in Adagsville, Wisconsin.
Austin, Texas is a part of Travis County in Texas, U.S. A.R.A.
Arròs negre, a saquid is an ingredient in Arròs Negre, Spain. 
Allan Shivers, a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur), was succeeded by Ben Ramsey.
Addiction (journal), abbreviated to Addiction, is a addiction. It has an ISSN number of 0965-2140 and its academic discipline deb's dipendence. 
Alan Bean was born on 15 March 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He served as a test pilot and fought in turn retired. J'ai operated Apollo 12 by NASA.
Il Memorial turco Martyrs' Azerbaijan is designed by Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. Türk Şehitleri Aniti are the native name of Baku, a located in Azerbaïdjan. Il memorial devrait être designé Huseyin Bütüner agus Halimi Güner.
Wiley-Blackwell published Addiction journal.  Wiley Blackwell is the editor of Aaddiction journal.
Lancia Thema is the location of the Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, which has Rome as its capital. It is a related means of transport and Lancia Miten. 
1101 Clematis has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, periapsis is 445895000000.0., The celestial body known as 1101 Clamatis was on 31st December 2006. It has a peripops total of 45585000000,0.
L'Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom, where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders. L'AIDS (journal) originates in the U.K.; London is its capital.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 4th November 2013, and its escape velocity is 0.0999 km/s.
Anaheim, California a total area 131.6 square kilometres, is 48 metres above sea level. It is 121.6 sq km and it is an elevation of chlár 48.
Airey Neave, fought in World War II during June 30th 1953. He began his career on 31st June 1953 and became active in the war. 
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a nationality in New Britain, CT, was married to Ruth Ribickoff. He was an U.S. whose ethnic group is the Native Americans. 
John Roberts is a leader in the United States, where 250 Delaware Avenue was located. John Roberts and English is the language of the U.S.
Shai is a variation of Siomay and Shumai. 
L'Arctech Helsinki Shipyard Helsinki, Aleksey Chirikov built l'arctique fleuve Helsinki. It has a 21.2 m long ship beam and an orbit of 21.2.
Alfons Gorbach, a married in Imst, Tyrol, Tirol. He died in Graz. 
Binignit, which is a food found in the Philippines, originates from na Philippines. Il y compris banana and sweet potatoes.
Stuart Parker, a footballer in Irlam Town F.C. and is manager of A.F. C. Blackpool. He plays for KV Mechelen and irlam town FC. 
Philippe of Belgium is a leader in Belgium, where Philippe de Belgium are leaders. 
A.D. Isidro Metapan, a full name is Isiro Metapán, has 10000 members and their home ground at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where Daniel Martinez is a politician. Il y e's leader was Daniel Martínez (politician).
Аleksandr Prudnikov является менеджером ФК Тим Топк и играет в Чемпионате Италии по футболу Russianа. 
Amsterdam- Centrum is a part of Amsterdam-Centre. 
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Artur Rashizade leads. 
The Antares rocket, manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, was launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It had its maiden flight on 21 April 2013 and it was made by Shuzhny Design office., L'Antares (missile) which hails an maiden flight of 4rd April 2013.It was manufactured by the Yzhnofoye Engineering Office. Il has its first voyage on 22nd April
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., is the bbreviation of it.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States, where Richard J. Berry is a leader. It is governed by Albuquerques City Council in the U.S.
Lerchar France, y compris Claude Bartolone and Gérard Larcher. C'est l'idéal dei clown Barny which can be found in France.
L'Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Milan, is related to the Fiat Croma. Il y assembled en Milan.
E. Wells discovered 107 Camilla, a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres, it has an apoapsis of 560937000.0 km and an epoch date 31 December 2006.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey has its headquarters at the Four World Trade Center. 
Ajoblanco, a bread, almonds, garlic, water, oil and olive oil. Ajoblanco comes from Andalusia in Spain. It is also known as Ajo Blanco.
(66063) 1998 RO1, which has an epoch date of 4 November 2013, had an orbital period of 360.29 days. Its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 (kilometres).
Alan Frew, a solo singer, performs rock music. Rock music originated from blues and country music but bhangra is an element of fusion genre debhogra.
Hypermarcas, a pharmaceutical company in São Paulo, has 10252 employees. It is operated by Pharmaceuticals and its net income is 108,600,000. Mantecorp is an revenue of 1800000000.
A Wizard of Mars, a hardcover, was written by Diane Duane. It has an OCLC number 318875313 and an ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
L'Istituto diטכנולוגיta Acharya, affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Tecnico Education which is located in Mumbai. L'Institiútivité tal-India devrait competere con la International Tennis Federation. Il y compris le sport offered to tennis; it has l'instiúir th'Acharya Institute of
Abel Hernandez, a member of Peñarol, plays for Central Espanol. He played football for U.S. Città di Palermo and poliziarol. 
Pietro Grasso - la leader in Italy, where A.C. Lumezzane's ground is located. 
The AIDAstella was christened on 16 March 2013, and it had its christening date on the 16th March 2013.
Airbus Group is the parent company of Airbus Defence and Space, where the Ariane 5 was manufactured. It is a subsidiary de l'Airbus Grupp. 
Livorno Calcio S.p.A. A.S. Livorno Football has 19238 members and competed in Serie B 2014-15. It is a home ground at Stadio Armando Picchi, where they have 19238.
A Fortress of Grey Ice, which was written by J.V. Jones, is available in print and has an OCLC number 51969173 and an ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6., J V Jones authored AFortress de GreyIce (ISBN number: 0-673-5). It can be produced in Print and it has the OACL number 5, 1969173. It has ISSN number 7653-63-6.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., has an ISSN number 0236-5294 and its discipline is mathématique., L'injonction académatique dei matamaitica (abbrv. Acte Math.
Born in Windsor, Connecticut, Al Anderson started active in 1966. He is associated with the band NRBQ and The Wildweeds.
The AIDAluna is a Sphinx class cruise ship. 
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000.0 and '7716000000,0.
L'hôpital Ampara is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where Ranil Wickremesinghe is an currency. L'hélicoptère Sri-Laitvine devrait être l'est of Sri Lanca.
Alvah Sabin, a member of the Secretary of State of Vermont, was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce. 
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090., The campus of the Institute of Technology is In Solvanahalli (Acharya), Dr Sravarvi Radjakrishnani Road; Hessartega Main Way, Bangalore – 563380.
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore, where they are beef kway teow and Indonesia. It comes from Singapore (led by Sri Lanka).
Abilene, Texas, a 524.0 metres above sea level, has an area density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. It is totalement 286.5 sq km and its area code it is 325., Led by Abilenne (Texas) hails 122.4 centimetres al-density demografica 4,29.9 people per pocal km. Ld by J.A validez 524.5 meters dal-le-sea
Auburn, Washington is a part of King County in Washington, U.S. In the United States, whose capital is Washington D.C.
18R/36L is the runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport, which has l'arrivée dei 18R 36L. 
Alan Martin played football for Clyde F.C., which has a Broadwood Stadium and is managed by Barry Ferguson. Alan Martin plays for Barrow A.F.FC. They have their home ground at Broadburn Stadium. 
Anaheim, California is part of Orange County in California, where Anaheim is led by the United States House of Representatives. It is a member of the U.S. A.R.A. and it is situated in the US. 
Frank de Boer played football for Ajax Youth Academy and he is manager of AFC Airways, which is managed by Frank De Boer.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, in Opelika, Georgia. In the U.S. Auburn can be found within the United States. Among the ethnic groups there are Native Americans and an county seat de Tae'l.
James Craig Watson, a nationality of Canada, discovered 103 Hera., J'w'f-Canadian James Craig (Canada) was the discoverer of 103Hera.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is located in the U.S. Barack Obama and became a leader of Albuquerke City Council. Il y uses English as one of its ethnic groups including Native Americans.
Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, Greece. He worked as Minister for Health and is a minister for the Health. 
At located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, part of the U.S. A.K. is l'arrivée dei Regional Airport Alpena.
Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy, which includes Chicken. 
N.R. Pogson, a bhliain Nottingham, discovered 107 Camilla, an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
L-Acharya Institute of Technology, which is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road (Birmingham – 560090). Il-Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and its director is Dr.
Baymax played in the film Big Hero 6.
Albany, Georgia is part of Dougherty County, Georgia, in the United States. In which one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans and where Albany can be found.
At -3.3528 metres above sea level, Amsterdam is serves the city of Amsterdam. Its runway name is 06/24 Kaagbaan and it has a length of 2014.0., Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, served in Amsterdam, belongs to an - 3.3528 ar l-seal-leibhéal. L-arrivée de St.St.S. A.K.C. I'm sservie Amsterdam.
Abilene, Texas is part of Texas., Albene in Texas - part de Texas.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce et al., has 512 pages and was published in E-Book., E-book of 1634:The Ram Revilion (ISBN: EricFlint), Virginia deMarcé et Al.) a ISBN number 512.
Alderney Airport serves Alderney and is a part of the municipal area. 
Alvah Sabin, born in Georgia, Vermont. He served as a Secretary of the State ofVermont, where Burlington is an largest city.
Aaron Turner, a black metal musician, is associated with the House of Low Culture and Mamiffer. He plays feidhmiú Electric guitar in Black metal. Death metal is an element of fusion genre.
Gary Cohn and Paris Cullins created the comic character Bolt. 
Batagor - siomay, y compris batagor. Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Batagor.
L-Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in Illinois, United States, has Douglas R Oberhelman as a key person and owned by AIDA Cruises. L-AIDAluna is powered by the Caterpillar I.N.A.
Albany, Georgia is a part of the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group. It is led by l'U.S. A.R.A. and among its leaders are called President. Il y entrano Albany (Georgia) in dehors des États-Unis.
Sandesh (confectionery) e Sandesh is an ingredient in Baked Alaska. Il y includes Christmas pudding and sandesh are desserts. 
Ajoblanco, a currency of Andalusia in Spain, originates from Spain. Ajoblanco is also known as Ajo Blanco and it includes water. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas, operated by ENAIRE. Its runway name is 18R/36L and it has a length of 3500.
Airey Neave, a fought in World War II, became active on 30th March 1979. He won the Military Cross and was awarded the Cross. 
The Ariane 5 had a maiden flight on 11 August 2005, and its first voyage was on August 11, 2005.
Dan Mishkin created the comic character Bolt.  Dan MishKIN creators both Bolt and Bolt.
The Atlas II originated in the United States., Atlas II originates from the U.S.A..
The NASA operates Apollo 14 which is operated by NASA. 
Alan Frew is a member of the band Glass Tiger. 
Alan Bean a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA. He went in space 100305.0 minutes, and fought in orbit 100305 minutes. A backup pilot was Alfred Worden. David Scott commanded Alan Bean. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, part of the community of Madrid. 
Julius Springer, founded by Julius Svilupper, is the editor of Acta Mathematica Hungarica. It was published by L'Académie Sciences+Business Media, where Julius Raggiungid. 
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau, an American and starred Maya Rudolph. Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 (film) which stars Maya Rutolfo. 
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al-Khor Sports Club, which is located in Al Khor. Alaa Jal-J'Al Shorta SC and plays for al shorta Sc.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press, which is located in the United States. In Great Britain, English is spoken in English. 
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio a Ticino, Switzerland was established in 1996. It has 600 students and is led by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which are located at AsiloMar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California, has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places., The Reference number of the monument known as an registro historique national named 87862223 and is 87802423.
 Rodrigo Duterte is a leader of the Philippines, where Rodrigu Duputera is president. 
A Wizard of Mars was written in English and the language is English. 
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, A Kita, part of the JJP. Japan. Y'y are an ethnic group in Japan including filipinians. 
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level. 
Aaron Turner a black metal musician. He plays Electric guitar and is associated with Greymachine and Twilight band. Death metal comes from the fusion genre Black metal.
Arrabbiata sauce, a raggiungimento dei pomodori in Rome, Italy. Il contiene: tonnatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil and chili pepe. 
Aleksandre Guruli played for AS Lyon-Duchère and FC Karpaty Lviv.
A.S. Gubbio 1910, which has 5300 members, was based in Italy and y have a full name Associazione Sportiva gubbiu 1910 Srl. It fought in 2014.
James Craig Watson, a national of Canada, discovered 103 Hera on 27th August 2011, and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
11/29 is the runway name of Andrews County Airport, which can be found in Texas. It has a length of 896.0 and an elevation of 973.0 metres above sea level. 
L'Audi A1, a VW Polo, manufactured by Audi, is related to the SEAT Ibiza and Volkswagen Polo. Il y compris similar types of transport there are l'Opel Polo.
Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., where the AIDAluna was powered by l'Atamplau., Duls R Oberhajlan and Douglas R Oifigian are clef persons concerning an Ataluna.
Alison O'Donnell commence active in 1963. He is associated with Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet. She began his musical genre, folk music of Ireland. Sa bhliain 1963 was signed to the label Static Caravan Recordings.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is the leader. It has a national anthem of Canada (O Canada). L'université dei Canada n'est quelqu'un whose leader isElizabeth II. 
Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Addiction. It has a LCCN number 93645978 and an ISSN number 1360-0443.
Il Gruppo Bertone, Turin, Italy, ha progettato l'Abarth 1000 GT Coupé. It was founded in Torino,איטליה. 
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which can be found in France, United States or China., Pudding dei Christmas Pudding comes from French, U.S. ou China.
The Acura TLX, a type of luxury vehicle, is assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant. It has an front-engine design and Honda K engine., L'Acura TCLX in luxe car, was assemblé at Mariasville auto Plant et l'auto Plant Martinsville. L'apparecchiature générale devient avant-configuration; c'est Honda k engine.
Adisham Hall, Haputale, Sri Lanka, l'architectural style is Tudor and Jacabian. It is located in Hatturale (Sri Lanka).
Beef kway teow, which is a food found in Singapore and Indonesia. It has palm sugar as its main ingredients: Kway Teow (led by Singapore), beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shreed, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oryster sesame oil, ketchup but it comes from Singapore.
1097 Vicia has a temperature of 171.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres. Its escape velocity is 0.0112 km/s, it has density of 171 Kelvins et its per sec temperatura. 
Robert A M Stern e'r architect, Alan B. Miller Hall, a tenant of the Mason School of Business and was designed by Robert A m Stern. 
Buzz Aldrin, a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA in 1963. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Sc.D. 1963 and went on to serve as fighter pilot. William Anders is the backup pilot at Apollo 11.
Valery Petrakov - the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow, where Valery Petrakow is managed. 
L'Atlas II originated dagli Stati Uniti, where the leader is called l'U.S. and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States. , The Atlas II originates dagli USA which has a title رئيس - téléphone Larry President. L'Albany americans come from all'Amérique.
10 Hygiea, formerly known as A900 GA, has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and it was once referred to (A900GA).
A.S. Gubbio 1910 s'inscrit in Italy, where the capital city is Rome and its leader is Sergio Mattarella. Is a language spoken in Italian.
Agustín Barboza, aménagé in Asunción, en Paraguay. Juan Afara is l'arrivée dei Buenos Aires where the Spanish language is spoken. Il y compris an ethnic group called Mestizo. 
Sweet potato, which is part of the order Solanales, are main ingredients in Binignit., Binignit (part of binignit) can be found as well as sweet potata, and it is operated by an order solansales.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Dinamo Batumi, which is managed by Levan Khomeriki. Il y formerly clubs include FC Samtredia, whose ground is l'Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium.
The Acura TLX, manufactured by Honda, is a Inline-four engine. It has l'inline four engine.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, in Ohio, United States. Y's ethnic group there are Asian Americans and it is a member of the U.S.
Hugh Hazzard is the full name of Bozo the Iron Man, which can be known as Boo. 
Lerney serves Alderney, l'Atrangerney. La 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733.0.
Antioch, California is 13 metres above sea level and it has an elevation of 13.0., At 12 meters above sae level, Antioch can be found in California.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hilario Pérez. 
AZAL PFK located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.  The AZAL pFK is based in shuvalsan, Bako, Azerbaïdjan.
Al Anderson, a member of the band NRBQ, plays guitar. Rock music originated from rock music and originates from blues and blues.
Len Wein created Aurakles, alternatively known as Aurakles, a member of Len Wein. 
Attica, Indiana is part of Indiana where the capital is Indianapolis. Attica is in Indiana and it has a capital city called New Zealand. 
10 Hygiea, which has a temperature of 164.0 kelvins, has an surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres, apoapsis 523951582.33968 km., It is 124.0 Kelvins where 10 Hygia's orbit area is 837080,744 sq km and it has its apoabsis 5623951622.3368 km.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York. 
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, situated in Belgium, where Philippe de Belgium is a leader. L'Atranger international airport s'est renforcé l'Anvers.
Buzz Aldrin, a US national, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He is an American.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is a leader of Pakistan, where an Nawab's leader is Anwarzaheer jamali. 
Arròs negre, a grantur de Catalonia, in Spain, is an ingredient in Arròs Negre. Squid is one of the ingredients there. 
3Arena, located at East Link Bridge, is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. It is the location of 3Arena in East link Bridge. 
English is a language spoken in the Republic of Ireland, where English is one of the languages. 
Buzz Aldrin, a national of the United States, was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey. He became an Apollo 11 crew operated by NASA and William Anders as backup pilot. 
John van den Brom, a member of De Graafschap, is manager of AZ Alkmaar. He played football for Vitesse Arnhem and de Gra Afschap.
Alan Shepard, who died in California, was awarded a Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy. He passed away from California where there are fossils such as simodon and sorrydon.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. 1957 and retired on 1st August 1974. 
San Sebastian de los Reyes is a food found in Spain, where San Sebastián de Los Reye comes from. 
Joko Widodo e Jusuf Kalla are leaders in Indonesia, where Bakso is a food found. Il y compris sa region of Indonesia. L'Indonésien hails Bakou comes from Indonésie. Idir Lanka has Jakarta as its capital.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, successor Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Tab, succeeded Mahmoud Abdul Tub., Al-Magħid Abdul Taij Muhammad (successor Syuluddin Abdul RRahman Taif) s'éloignet Mahmood Al-Tarham Abdul Tahrir.
11264 Claudiomaccone, a periapsis of 296521000.0 kilometres, has an epoch date 26 November 2005, and it has its apophsis 295539000 km., L-Epoch 26th November 2005. It is 12/26.2005, in y hails papips de 296426000.0 (kilometres).
Bacon sandwiches bacon can be found in the United Kingdom, where Brown sauce is an ingredient. It also known as Bacon butty, baco sarnie, Rasher Sandwich, b'cong singer, piece 'n-bacon, bocon cob, barm, macon muffin.
Atlantic City International Airport, which is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States, has a runway name 4/22., At tenant to Atlantic City international Airport (wrs: 4-/22) l'arrivée n-4/22.
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow, which was managed by Valery Petrakov. Il является менеджером от ФК “Вольфlterra” (Russia-15) и играл в Чемпионате Италии по футболу 2014-15. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland on 9 September 1995., L-Olympia (Finland), Aleksandrer Barkow Jr; f'Iolja(Finland) a member of the year 2, 1995 and b'Ehilja (Tampere).
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is a politician. Elizabeth II is the leader of  jamja's leaders. 
Appleton, Wisconsin, serves Appleton (whose part of Kimberly) and Little Chute in Wisconsin. L'aerfort International Airport appleton facilite la città d'Aghlan, Winkendall et Wilky.
Attica, Indiana is a part of Indiana, in the United States. Attica originates from the U.S.A.
Albany, Oregon is a part of Linn County and Benton County in Oregon, U.S.
Addis Ababa, Addis-Ababa in Ethiopia, where Mulatu Teshome is a leader. L'Etiopia debba l'Éthiopie c'est commençant dagli Stadio Adis Abeba (Ibid).
Aleksandr Prudnikov played football for FC Dynamo Moscow, where Rashid Rakhimov is the manager. He formerly a member of FC Terek Grozny whose home ground are in Gorazzny. Il y's youth team include FC Spartak Mogaw and FK Dinamo Moscou.
Beef kway teow, a food found nationwide in Singapore e Indonesia. It is where the main ingredients are Kway Teow and beef tender loin, gula Melaka; sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, or oyster sesame oil., Mae keow (part of Singapore et Indonesia) come from Indonesia.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an OCLC number 78771100., The OCTO number Alcatraz Versu the Labyrinth Librariens is 87881100 and it has ISBN number 87877.1100.
General Dynamics Electric Boat which is located in Groton, Connecticut. It was built by the General DynamicS Engineering Boat (part of Grotton, CT), and it has a 3.8m long ship beam., John Georgetown, New York, John Garrett constructed the American submarine NR-1. Its parent company is Generaldynamis.
Narendra Modi and T S Thakur are leaders in India, where Bhajji is a bhajji., Bhajji comes from India (led by T.S.Thakur) e Y.R.T. Takur; niagara Modi et Narendra Modu. 
Hypermarcas, a pharmaceutical company founded on 1st January 2001, in Brazil. It is l'approvisionnement in cosmetic products and has 238.8 population density.
The United States Air Force, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom, operates Al Asad airbase. L'armée General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and the Lockheed AC-130 are a aircraft fighter.
L'Assemblea Provinciale of Punjab, Pakistan, is led by l'Assemblée provinciale de Uttar Pradesh. L'Administration Civil Aviation Pakistan operates Allama Iqbal International Airport, which has its headquarters at Jinnah International airport. 
Paul Ryan e Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
London is the capital of the United Kingdom where London is its capital. 
Joden, Godenblanco is a nickname for AFC Ajax (amateurs) who are called Joden.
Adam Koc, a polacco dei Poland, fought in the Polish–Soviet War. J. Stalin was an commander in Polacco-Soviet war.
 Dublin is a part of the Republic of Ireland, which originates from Repubblica irlandais. 
10 Hygiea, which has an epoch date of June 27th 2015, has a temperature of 164.0 kelvins and its apoapsis is 523951582.33968 kilometres. Its escape velocity is 0.21 km/s. It has sea surface area de 837080.744 square kilometers, per l'empopsia on 27 June 2015., 11 Hygia, with an orbital area: 837080,744 sq km,
At Austin is the capital of Texas where Andrews County Airport can be found. It is located in Texas, U.S. He has Houston as its largest city. 
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, a country. 
Aaron Turner, a member of the band Lotus Eaters, is associated with Isis. He has played for an artist 'Is' and he plays for the group Is.
Alison O'Donnell commence active in 1963. He is a folk musician, whose musical genre is folk and was associated with Mellow Candle and Head South By Weaving.
Adonis Georgiadis a member of Antonis Samaras, who was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis, f'était in office during the reign of Avant-Ministre. 
L-IATA Turkmenistan Airlines operates Ashgabat International Airport, a runway name 12R/30L, is 2989.0 long. It is 211 metres above sea level and it has an elevation of 211 km/h. 
Alessio Romagnoli played for UC Sampdoria, A.C. Milan, where Siniša Mihajlović is the manager. Il clubs include AC Milan which are managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic. 
Abradab performs hip hop music where Gangsta rap is a sub genre. Drum and bass are derivatives of Hip Hop music, which comes from gangsta Rap. 
Athens, where Giorgos Kaminis is a president, is the home ground of AEK Athens F.C. which was located in Athens, whose maid is Giorgo Kamini. 
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. Il y compris fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Andrew White is a musician of alternative rock, which has nu metal as an element de fusion genre Nu metal. Andrew White's genre is Alternative rock.
Aenir, a sequel to the roman Castle, was preceded by Australians and Aenur., The novel Castle followed Above the Veil which comes from Australia in Australia. 
Alfred Garth Jones, a married in Manchester, London, is led by the Labour Party (UK). Il y ghlac le Parlaimint de London. 
Adam Koc, a nationality of Poland, fought in the Polish–Soviet War. J. Stalin e Joseph Stalin commanded all'Polish-Soviet war. 
Alan Shepard died in California.  Alan Shepart diede in Californie.
Bandeja paisa, a food found in the Antioquia Department, Colombian cuisine. Bandeja paisa comes from Argentina and it has keidney bean as one of its ingredients.
Lerney Airport, Alderney, has a 1st runway surface type poaceae. Its length is 877.0 and it's made from Poaceae.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a wheelbase of 2160.0 millimetres. It was produced in 1958, and it had an straight-four engine.
Alex Day performs Synthpop which originated from new wave music and has its stylistic origins in New Wave music. 
Aleksandra Kovac, a solo singer, was born in Belgrade in 1972. Aleksandra Kovač began en 1972 and performs rhythm and blues.
1036 Ganymed has a temperature of 160.0 kelvins. 
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow, where Valery Petrakov is the manager. , Aleksandr ChuMakov was a member of FC Tashkent mosq, who are managed by Valeryl Petrakow.
L'11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Franklin County to its west and Frederick County (Maryland) to the southeast.
Adisham Hall - Haputale, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader and the capital city is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. Sini Lanka's currency is shri Lankan rupee.
A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members and a total number of members., The A F. C. blackpool is 1500 member and they have 3500 members.
Arròs negre, a ragione de la Valencian Community in Spain, comes from the region of Valencia. Il y comprise Cubanelle is an ingredient in white rice, cuttlefish or squid,cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. , Arròs Negre originates from Laval-Comunidad Valenciana, Spain. L'ordures are bavares, canadese, granturnes, cornuphol
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the Mayor. It is a title of the maire. 
Andrews, Texas serves the city of Andrews., At served by an aerfort County Aetroport Township Andrew's (Texas).
Adenan Satem was the successor to Abdul Taib Mahmud. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., which was where Douglas ROberhelmans is the key persona. 
The Alfa Romeo 164 is classed as a car exécutif. 
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres., The apoapsis '(407577)2009 FD' is 259766702,47055 kilometers.
Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Cornell University (New York), affiliated with the Association of American Universities. It has its publishers Administrative Science Quarterly.
Andrew White started active in 2003 and is associated with Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs. He was a member of the B-Unique Records label, Polydor Records. Andrew White began performing in 2003.
Adam Koc, coming from Congress Polonia Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War which is part of the Russian Civil War. Joseph Stalin was a commander in this war. 
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico, a dessert. Il y compris granola as one of the ingredients. 
Inuktitut is a language spoken in Canada, where one of the languages can be found. 
The Antares rocket, manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, had its maiden flight on 21 April 2013 and it was launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It has its final flight 28th October 2014., Antares (missile) a May 21, 2013 in the Mid Atlantic Regional spaceport is manufactured by Yzhnofoye Engineering Office. J'aidan flight 31st January 2014, maiden flight 23rd 
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by the Association of Techsystems., L'Associazione Technological Engineering Systems is the manufacturier of the Alianza X-1.
Atlanta is a destination in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group., At Atlanta was i home of the U.S. which has l'Afghanistan ethno-spécificité de AfroAmericans.
Felipe Gozon is a key person in GMA New Media, which was founded on 1st January 2000, operates mobile applications. L'Agglomération dei mass media y earns mobile apps.
Abel Hernández played for Hull City A.F.C., which is managed by Steve Bruce. Abel Handez formerly playing football for the U.S. FC.
Dan Mishkin created Bolt, commençant Ernie Colon and Erni Colón. L'alinéa dei comic character Bolt is Larry Bolatinsky. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico, a governed by the State Senate. It is led by state senate.
A Glastonbury Romance, printed, has 1174 pages. It is available in print; it can be found in Print. 
AWH Engineering College is located in India, where one of the rivers are Ganges and its largest city is Mumbai.
L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, a fought in Helsinki, Finland, operated in Finland. It has 21.2 metres long and is in service.
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kilograms. 
L-ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and White Americans are an ethnic group. L-Associazione dei Star Spangled Banner comes from al-Americans., Il-VFL X-1, originates dagli Stati Uniti, whose capital is Washington DC. Il-U.S. has a national anthem called The Star Spadling Banner.
L'Aston Martin V8, assembled in the United Kingdom, is a related means of transport to the Aston M.RHAM/1. It has 5.3 litres de moulin and an RHAM/1.
L'Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe is an a leader of Sri Lanca. 
Buzz Aldrin, a nationality of the United States, was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey. Joe Biden is l'unique leader in the U.S.
James Craig Watson, who originated from Canada, discovered 101 Helena. He died in Madison, Wisconsin. 
Andrew Rayel, a Trance musician, was born in Chisinau, Moldavia. He started performing in 2009 and is associated with Armin van Buuren and Christian Burns.
Adam Koc, a fought in Congress Poland, marching in the Polish-Soviet War. Leon Trotsky was l'autorité dei Polonais–Soviet war. 
Allan Shivers, a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 Port Arthur, was an Democratic Party in the United States. Price Daniel was succeeded by PriceDaniel. 
Antioch, California's 11th State Assembly District is a leader of Antioch. 
Casey Ribicoff, who was born in Chicago, a spouse of Abraham A. Ribcoff and is married to Casey Rickoff. 
A Severed Wasp, a print, is available in print. It has an OCLC number 8805735 and the Library of Congress Classification PS3523.E55 S4 1982., The Bibliothèque deontologie (PS8234 E55S4) 1982; A severed wasp belonged to print et it has ISBN number 85735, oppure I'OCLC Number 8802539, or Jurisprudence Cinquantum 1982.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, where the capital city is Salem. Il y are an ethnic group in the U.S. African Americans., Albeny (Oregon), Oregon comes from the United States. L'ordures include Albany, Oregon, whose capital c'e'n l'opossum dei Afro-Americans.
Swords, Dublin is led by the County Manager. They are leaders in Swords (Dublin)., Led by la legislateur dei Delaware, I's head title is The County manager. 
Akita Museum of Art, which was inaugurated on 28 October 2013, has 3 floors and a total area of 3746.66 square metres. It had its inauguration on the 28th September 2013.
Mondelez International created Barny Cakes. 
Michele Marcolini, a f.C. Bari 1908, was born in Italy and managed AC Lumezzane. He formerly played for Torino F. C. E.K. e footballer FC Bari 1907. 
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, where Joko Widodo leads Indonesia. L'Indonésien hails an currency of Indonesian rupiah and its language is indonesian.
Albany, Georgia is a part of the state of Georgia in the U.S. where African Americans are an ethnic group. Albany comes from the United States, which demonym to americans.
A.F.C. Fylde, which has 3180 members, is called Association Football Club Fylda. It has a full name 'Association Football club Fylden' and its home ground is Warton, Fyld.
Andrew Rayel, a member of Jwaydan Moyine, is associated with Christian Burns. He plays house music and performs House music.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad., Alya Abdul Zahra's birth place is Baghdat.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines and is a food found in الفلبين. 
Lenmark long name is the United States of America, a country where one of the states can be found. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015.
Adam Holloway, who was born in Faversham Kent, England, fought in the Gulf War, where Colin Powell was a commander. Il battait dei Grenadier Guards. 
Hypermarcas, a total area of 102252 workers, has an revenue of 1800000000. Its net income is 108,600,000 and it has 10252 employs. 
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run and fecame involved in battles. 
Rostock, Rostock in Germany, where Andreas Voßkuhle is a leader. Neptun Werft built A-Rosa Luna.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County in Ohio, U.S. Y's county seat is Opelika and it has an ethnic group called African Americans.
Arròs negre comes from Spain, where Felipe VI is a leader. Arròs négen originates from the region of Spain. A Spanish language is spoken in Spain.
Ahmet Ertegun, a blues musician, is from Washington DC in the United States. He originated in Washington D.C.
Ram Naik is a leader in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Bundelkhand. Il y compris Agra Airport which has an ICAO location identifier VIAG (VIAG).
Auron, a comic character Auron was created by Walt Simonson and Karl Kesel, American.
Bacon Explosion, which comes from the United States, hails sausage and bacon. Sausage is one of its main ingredients. 
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988. 
Alan Shepard was a US national born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC, M.A. in 1957 and died in California.
 1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95060.0., (1097) Viscia, has an orbital period de 9504,0.
Bill Oddie e's child was Kate Hardie. 
L-ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. L-Americans savent americans. Il-Avive X-1, originates from the U.S. which hails all-inhabitants ethniques degli Stati Uniti; l-Américains Saskatchewan is known as American.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union., Austin falls in Adast, Adams (Adams), Fall Ridge, Fayley, Rameyland and Union.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California within the Greater Los Angeles area. It is located in the United States, where Anaheim can be found.
Alan Martin played football for Hamilton Academical F.C. and Barrow A.F. C., but he plays for barrow FC. 
Alex Day started active in 2006. He is associated with Charlie McDonnell and Chameleon Circuit band. A musical genre of Electronic music, he began his career in 2006., L'animated artist Alex Day was a member of the band Chiameleon circuit (Band chiameleon) which became active on 2006.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Sergey Naryshkin is a leader. , Aleksandr ChuMakov passed away in Russie, part of which she's led by Sergej Narikhkin.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, is available in hardcover and has an ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0., EcFlint was a  author of 1634:The Ram Revilion (published in Hardcover). L'ISBN number 4165-200-0.
Aaron Turner, a black metal musician, is associated with Greymachine and Twilight. He plays Black metal band and has collaborated with an bands Greenmachine. 
Chinabank has a net income of 15100000000.,  Chinabank's net Indemnity is 15,00000000.
Albennie Jones performs jazz music which originated from blues and has its stylistic origins in Jazz. 
101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days. 
Bionico e's dessert can be found in Mexico, where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is a leader. Il y compris cookies and it comes from the Spanish language. 
Angola, Indiana is a part of Steuben County in Indiana, United States, where Americans are an ethnic group. It is led by the President degli Stati Uniti; l'inhabitants there are known as americans. 
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. 
Massimo Drago played football for S.S. Chieti Calcio and is managed by A.C. Cesena. Mr. Drago has been manager of A C Cesene. 
Roy D. Chapin Jr. - is a key person in the American Motors, which manufactured AMC Matador. Il's successor was Eagle (automobile).
L'Aeroporto International Appleton, which serves the city of Appletone, Wisconsin, is 280 metres above sea level. Its runway name is 3/21 and it has a length of 2439.0.
Trane, a subsidiary, is located in Swords, Dublin. Trane has revenue de 10264000000, and its net income is $556,300,000.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma and White South Africans are an ethnic group. It is led by the leader of south Africa., IldistinguibilitÃ© 11 dipartimente 11 delimitate f'inSouth Africa (whose leaders include Jacob Zoua) ed l'ethnique ethnospécifique c'est white Southafrican.
Alessio Romagnoli played football for A.C. Milan and is a member of the FC Milan. He plays for Defender. 
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, abbreviated to Acta Paleontol. Pol., has an ISSN number of 1732-2421 and an LCCN number 60040714. 
GMA New Media is the parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal, a subsidiary by GMA new media. 
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County, Alba. 
L'aeroporto international Antwerp serves l'Anvers, a destination in Belgio. L'arrivée dei téléphone is tedeschi. Il y compris Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel are leaders.
Ice cream is a variation of desserts, which include ice cream. 
John van den Brom played for AZ Alkmaar., Jen van Den Brom, a member of the club AZ ALmaar, plays football for John van de Brom.
Poaceae, which is class of Monocotyledon, are an order of Commelinids and the 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a surface type of Poaceae. Mae'r Aerroport in New Zealand devrait être made from poaceae who are categorised as monocokledon; it is l'ordine commelilins., Aerfort Addin Zelanda devono essere assembled
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238] Membres. 
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor. Il Qatar Stars League are managed by Amar Osim. Alaa Jal-Shabab Al-Ordon Club and he plays in the Iraq Stars Lega.
Chinabank, which was founded in Manila, Philippines, is located in the insular Government of the Philippine Islands.,  Chinabank comes from Filippines, whose governor Insular Gouvernement pénitencier f'Ispaniens.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and became awarded the Purple Heart. 
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St Vincent-St Mary High School. 
AmeriGas, a member of the energy industry, is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. , AmeriGas comes from Queen of Perussia (Pennsylvanie).
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Tecnico Education located in Mumbai. 
The 1955 Dodge has a 230 cubic inches engine and an engine capable of 230 cm., L-At 1955 (Dodge) hails 230 cinquant'centimetres.
Aleksander Barkov Jr played in the National Hockey League. 
Joachim Gauck is a leader in Germany, where the A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft. Il y e'r situated in Rostock (Germania), which has Berlin as its capital.
Aaron Bertram, a ska punk musician, is associated with the Kids Imagine Nation and Suburban Legends. Brian Robertson (trombonist), performs Ska punk genre.
Meyer Werft located in Papenburg and is a member of Papienburg. 
Aaron S. Daggett, born in Maine, fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and was awarded the Purple Heart.
L'AMC Matador, a mid-size car, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. Il y includes an AMC V8 engine and l'American MotorsMatador (alternatively known as American Motors Matdor).
Alan B. Miller Hall, which is owned by the College of William and Mary, was constructed on 30 March 2007 in Williamsburg, Virginia. Il y a construction devait cessarin 30 Márta 2007., The Alan B Mill Hall (propriethóir: J. William & Mary) operated by The College Of William et Mary.
Luanda Province is 159 metres above sea level, l'aeroporto international Angola in Ícolo e Bengo. L'arrivée dei n-Atruanda (Luanda). It has a runway length of 4000.0 and an elevation of 159 km/h.
A.C. Cesena played in Serie B, y have 23900 members and their ground is located in Cesena., Justificatifs dei Jurisprudence B (B) - A.R. Caesenai where the ground was based in Cesene.
L-Istituto di Technology Acharya, Karnataka, India, was established in 2000. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. L-Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road (Bangalore - 560090). Il-Yl-Jill G. P. Prabhukumar operates an Institute of Technology in 2000.
Akeem Priestley's youth club is the Jacksonville Dolphins., The football team of Akesem PETERLEY, who are a member of the Jennings Floridanoïdes, play in this Youth Club.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada. L'équipage dei bagal General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and Lockheed AC-130 are a aircraft fighter.
N.R. Pogson, a n-Irlande, was born in Nottingham, on 17 November 1868 and died in Chennai. , 107 Camilla, deceased by N. R. Pggson (England) on the 17th of Novembre 1865. Declides J.J.P.C. I.L.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC, M.A. in 1957 and died in California. Deffected as a test pilot.
Barney cakes include 18.0g carbohydrate and 1.8g protein. It is a variation of apple and Apple. 
Binignit s'installe in the Visayas region. 
FC Terek Grozny, which has a home ground in Grotzny. 
L'Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000. It is a sports offered to tennis, which is governed by the International Tennis Federation.
Andrew the Apostle is a patron saint in Romania, where Andrew the Apostolle. 
Angola, Indiana is a part of Steuben County in Indiana. In the United States, there are an ethnic group called Native Americans and includes l'Albany americans. 
A.S. Roma, which has 70634 members, is the full name of Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's record label is Movieplay and has been signed to the filmplay label. 
Angola, Indiana is a part of Indiana, in the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group. In which English is the language and Native American people are one of the languages., L'Angola (in Indiana) originates from the U.S. A.R.A. whose native americans peuvent essere amonyms de l'Americans.
Sago is a main ingredient in Binignit, which contains sweet potato and sago., Sago is an ingredient of binignit where several ingredients can be known as fruit-potato et Sago.
Buffalo, New York is part of Erie County and Buffalo. 250 Delaware Avenue can be found in Connecticut, N.Y.
Allen Forrest, a hip hop musician, was born on 4th February 1981. He derived from funk and Funk. Drum and bass are derivatives of Hip Hop music.
The protein of Barny Cakes is 1.8g and it contains 1,8g. 
Alan Bean, a United States national, was married to Apollo 12 operated by NASA and commanded by David Scott.
Dodge Coronet - alternative name of the 1955 Dodge, which has a V8 engine and an 3 speed automatic transmission. 
A Wizard of Mars, a hardcover, was written by Diane Duane. It has an ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2., Diane Duanne is the author of A wizard de Mars which can be found in Hardcover and its ISBN Number 0-20-15-206947-2.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cape Town is the capital. Cyril Ramaphosa leads south Africa (capital: Cape town).
Immicelli is an ingredient in Bakso, which includes vermicelli. 
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka, Uttar Pradesh. It was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Tecnico Education which has Mumbai as its west and Arabian Sea. Il y a sport offered to tennis; it was governed by International Tennis Federation. 
Alba Iulia - situated in Romania, Romania. 
Aleksandra Kovač, whose genre is rhythm and blues, was associated with Bebi Dol and the band K2 (Kovač Sisters duo).
HIV - razza Lentivirus. ,  HIV s'inscrivt in a מין lentivirus.
Antonis Samaras, a successor was Konstantinos Mitsotakis.,  Antonis SamarAS, succeeded by Konstantinosis Mitmsociis,
At Austin is the capital of Texas, where Andrews County Airport can be found in Texas. It has a Spanish language and Houston as its largest city. 
Jens Härtel played for SV Germania Şehzeiche. , Jens Hartel is a member of SV Germany Allgemeineiche.
The Atlas II had a final flight on 16th March 1998 and its last flight was the 16nd March., Atlas II, which fought on Mar 16, 1998, has an final voyage on 1986-16-98.
Alfons Gorbach, a t-Austria-Hungary, was born in the state Tyrol. He died in Graz, Styria and Graz. 
James Craig Watson, a nationality of Canada, discovered 103 Hera. He died in Madison, Wisconsin and defeadh peritonitis. 
Abel Caballero, a fought in Galicia (Spain), became in office while Monarch was Juan Carlos I of Spain. Francisco Franco deffected by FranciscoFranco.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish-Soviet War and was awarded the Cross of Valour (Poland). Adam Koc became feidhmivement in Poland. 
Arròs negre, a granturque in Catalonia, Spain, is an ingredient of Arròs Negre. Its main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid and cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers., An ingredient found in Arros (Galuania) comes from Andalusia, Spáinnie. Il y compris Cubanelle.
Bill Everett won the Eisner Award.,  Bill Erivedt was awarded Eisنر Award.
Andrew Rayel, a Trance musician, is associated with Bobina and Christian Burns. He plays mutuellement traid by pop music.
Aaron Deer is a member of The Horns of Happiness and has collaborated with the band La Corns de  felicity. 
Plack Dead Man's Plack, dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia, is made from rock (geology).
L'Allemagne, where Gérard Larcher is a leader, c'est la France. Barny Cakes were created by Mondelez International (founded in Chicago).
At Texas, where Texan is the denomination of Texans, can be found. It is a location of Andrews County Airport in Texas (U.S.), and it has Spanish as its language. 
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense 'Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Alagoas, Brazil. Ily are champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C where Vila Nova Futebol Clube competed. 
Alberto Teisaire, a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy, was born on May 5th 1891 in Mendoza, Argentina. He worked as an Provisional President of the Senate Argentini and succeeded Isaac Rojas. 
James Craig Watson, an Albert Canada, discovered 101 Helena on 15 August 1868. He attended the University of Michigan and died in Madison, Wisconsin. 
Bandeja paisa s'agissant de la Paisa region, Colombia. Il y compris red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He fought in Demak Jaya, Journée Bako, Kuching (Sarawak).
Meyer Werft built l'AIDAstella, a length of 253260.0 millimetres, and operated by AIDA Cruises. Its top speed is 38.892 km/h.
Gangsta rap is a sub genre of Hip Hop music, which has the subgenre Gangsta Rap. 
Al-Khor Sports Club played in the Qatar Stars League.  The Al Khor Sport Club is a member of the Lega Stars, which play in this league.
1089 Tama has a escape velocity of 0.0068 km/s. and an evasion speed of 0,0068 kilometres per second. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar fought in the Nigerian Army. 
Aaron Turner performs black metal music and a Black metal genre. 
Albany, Oregon is a part of Linn County, Oregon, in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S. where African Americans are an ethnic group., Albeny (oregon) is situated in Linn countiún Oregon, Illinois, US. C'est la capitale degli Stati Units, which hails clandestinement Washington DC. A t-inhabitants ethniques
James Craig Watson, an epoch date of 101 Helena, was discovered by Canadian Canada on 31 December 2006. He died in Madison, Wisconsin. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and became a crew member of Apollo 14 which is operated by NASA in 1959. He deceased.
Sain China, where Standard Chinese is the language and Baked Alaska comes from. It can be found in China which has standard Chinese as one of its languages. 
Nis Voutsis e'n leader of Greece, where the leader is Nikos Poutsis. 
Abel Caballero comincit in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch.
Aaron Bertram, a member of the Kids Imagine Nation, is associated with the Suburban Legends band and plays under the band Kids Imagin Nation.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is part of Michigan, in the United States.
Addis Ababa City Hall, a 42 m tall, is 42m. It has an area of 140000.0 square metres and its current tenants are the Government of Addis-Ababa.
Il Memorial turc- Martyrs' memorial in Azerbaïdjan, where Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner are dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. In Azerbaijan, c'est l'arrivée capital: Baku.
Anders Osborne, a member of the band Theresa Andersson, is associated with Billy Iuso. Anders Odissey's bands and theres Saskat/Andersson.
AmeriGas serves all'United States, where AmeriGas is a company in the energy industry and earns all services of the United States. 
Audi, which was founded by August Horch, is a division of Audi e-tron and Ducati subsidiary., L'Audi A1 devrait essere manufactured by Audi, whose successor was AugustHorch. Il y compris several divisions such as Audi et erotron (Ducati).
The Alhambra has a top speed of 18.52 km/h. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is available in hardcover and published in Hardcover. 
Giovanni Giorgos Kaminis is the Mayor of Athens, a part of which Giochi Campis. 
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0., Aarhus airport has a raggio de 272.0 meters long and it's 2652.0.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines, where it has shrimp as an ingredient. 
Bhajji, a food found in the Karnataka region, India. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India; T.S.Thakur is where Indians are an Indian people. 
Baked Alaska comes from Paris, New York or Hong Kong, in the United States. Il y include Ice cream and ice cream (or Christmas pudding).
Buzz Aldrin, a retired in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20th January 1930. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology per Sc.D. 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963 to be part of Apollo 11.
Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikkou, Maroc., At ikkou (Maroc) Adam Mahers was originally from AIt Ikku, Marocco.
L'Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland, Finland. L'icebreaker is 21.2 m long and operates in service. 
Abradab, a Born in Katowice, Poland, was born in Pologne. 
L-Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore - 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road (Birmingham). Il-B. M. Reddy l-U.S. Tecnica tal-O.V.
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr., he graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a Sc.D. en 1963. He served as an Apollo 11 crew and became part of Apollo 11.
1 FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season.   1 FC Magdeeburg's fought in 2014.
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin. L'Irlande is located in Ireland, Europe.  Trane comes from LaCrosse ( Wisconsin). Il y risiede en Europe.
Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India, where Bhajji comes from. Is i bhajji which originates from India.
Sadique Abubakar - a commander in the Nigerian Air Force, where SadiqueAbubakar commanded. 
Olive oil is an ingredient in a sauce arrabbiata, which can be found in Italy. 
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore, where Standard Chinese is the language., Mae Kway Teow comes from Singapore (Standard Chinese).
300 North LaSalle, Illinois, has 60 floors and is located in Illinois.
Il Delta II, which originated in the U.S.A., originates from the United States and it was launched at Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2. It is also comparable with an Antares rocket. , L'Etra II (in America) originate dall'United States; it had its launch site at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Bacon sandwich, which is also known as bacon butty. Bacon sarnie, Rasher Sandwich, bacong sanger, piece 'n baco, bocon cob, barm, macon muffin. It has bread as an ingredient.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which are located in Pacific Grove, California, were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987. Its reference number is 87000823 and it was aggiunto al March 27th 1987.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica is an academic discipline of mathématiques. 
Elliot See, a student of the University of Texas at Austin, in Dallas. It is affiliated with the university of Tex system and competed in the Big 12 Conference., L'Université de Texas (Austin) was born en Dallas, part of la lista de Counties in Texas. L'université De Texas hails competing in Grand 12 conference.
Buzz Aldrin, a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20th January 1930. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with an Sc.D. A.S.A.
Mae's language is Kashubian, a language spoken in Poland. 
Alfred N. Phillips, who was born in Darien, Connecticut, worked as a Mayor of Stamford (Connecticut).
Ahmet Ertegun, a Rhythm and blues musician, derived from blues but disco is derivative. He died in the U.S. where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Poaceae, a type of twond runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made from poaceae. Poaceae are an order of Poales. 
Bill Oddie, born in Lancashire, London. He starred in Bananaman where Bill Oddi stars. 
Il-L-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with Minotaur V. It was launched from Delta II, which originated in the U.S. and it has a rapprochement comparable to Delta I.
Alan Martin, a footballer, who was born on 1st January 1989, has played for Aldershot Town FC and Crewe Alexandra F.C.
L'université Technological Visvesvaraya is affiliated with the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka. It was founded by Kempe Gowda I and its west is Arabian Sea.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada, and Operation Enduring Freedom.
Anderson is part of Union Township, Madison County, Indiana, in the United States.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is a politician. Akeeem PETERLEY's place of birth and the leader is Patrick Alan. 
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka, a country where Ampara Hospital can be found., Ampara hôpital comes from Sri-Lanka, in which la capitale c'est Sri Bandewardenpura Kutte.
J. P. McManus designed Adare Manor, which was completed in 1862 and is owned by James Pain., James Pain e J.P. MacManu l'architects progettateurs Adare Mansor (combent a borough dei 1er حزيران/1862).
Agustin Barboza, who was born in Asunción, Paraguay. Juan Afara is a leader of Buenos Aires and died in Paraguai. Il y compris l'espagnol teanga - Spanish.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, in Indiana. 
L'Italie, where Laura Boldrini is a leader, hails Amatriciana sauce. L'Italia has la capitale Rome and the Italian language is Italian. 
L'AMC Matador, a mid-size car, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. Il y includes an AMC straight-6 engine and it is classed as American MotorsMatador.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, which is in the United States. Amarillo can be found in Prairie County (Texas).
 Juan Peron a member of the Labour Party in Argentina. 
Lellwyncott Williams & Wilkins is a leader in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is the leader. Il AIDS (journal) was published by Lippincott WWIens and Wilkines.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Ohio, in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S. where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak, Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia. He represented sarawak and became a member of the Parti Buharira`ayat jatiSarawak. 
Madeleine L'Engle l'autorisation dei A Severed Wasp was MadeleineL'Ingle. 
A.S. Gubbio 1910, a full name is Associazione Sportiva gubbiolo 1910 Srl, has 5300 members and their home ground was Stadio Pietro Barbetti. 
Walter Baade, a student in Göttingen, fought in the German Empire. He graduated from University of Gottingen and died in Gttingen.
11 Diagonal Street a completed in 1983. It was completiond on 1983.
Aenir followed the novel Castle, which was preceded by Aennir. 
Richard A. Teague, a Chrysler employs Richard A Taague and was designed by the AMC Matador. 
Andrew Rayel is a member of Jwaydan Moyine and associated with musician Janjaj Munine. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov played football for FC Spartak Moscow, where Rashid Rakhimov is the manager. He formerly a member of FC Terek Grozny, whose home ground are gualdrij.
Arem-arem is a food found in Javanese cuisine. Arem arem comes from banana leaf, where the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana (led by vegetables or minced meat fillings).
Chinabank a net income of 15100000000. Chinabank's service is banking and has an revenue net de 15,00000000.
L'Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which was founded in Coventry. L'alvis car and construction company is a Co-Regner who was succeeded by The Rover Company. 
Walter Baade, a student of the University of Göttingen, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He was born in the German Empire and died in West Germany. Sa'r Alma mater f'Université Gottingen. A doctoral student is Allan Sandage.
Aaron Deer, a solo singer, is from Indiana in the United States. He was associated with Wee Giant band and he plays indie rock music.
Arem-arem is a region of Indonesia, Indonesia. 
Halimah Yacob is a leader in Singapore, where the dollar is led by Halimah Yaacob. , Beef kway teow comes from Singapore and it has its currency as an dollar of Singapore (il l'altezza dei).
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 4th November 2013., L'époch dei (66063 1998 Ro1 is 2014-11-04.
L'Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. It is 23 metres above sea level and it has an elevation of 23.
Ajoblanco, a food found in Andalusia, Spain. Ajoblanco ha un ingredient de l'acqua.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. 
Adisham Hall, a St. Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka, it was completed in 1927. It is designed by Tudor and Jacabian. Its construction began in 1931.
A Wizard of Mars, a hardcover, authored by Diane Duane, has an OCLC number 318875313. It is published in Hardcover., Dian Deane was the author of A Jurisprudence de Mars (whose ISBN number: 314075313).
Anders Osborne, a rock musician, is signed to Alligator Records and Awh Records. Anders Osborn plays Rock music. He has been recorded by Adaj Records (Ojah Records).
(66391) 1999 KW4 has a periapsis of 29919600000.0., Seiptectomis totale dei (66391 199 KW4) - 29919600000,0.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where one of the states is home to native americans. 
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) a 34.0 metres above sea level, y has an runway name 03L/21R. It is 1411.0 in length and it can be made of poaceae., At 34 meters above sas-leibhéal, Ardmore airport (Nouvelle-Zelanda) con l'arrivée de 3,4.0 km/h; it has rectangle type Poaceae.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.  Airey Niave is a member of the birthplace of Grimmbridge (London).
Alison O'Donnell, a jazz musician, is signed to Fruits de Mer Records and Deram Records in London. Il y compris deram record label Desam Records (London).
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is a 192000.0 millimetres long and originates from Argentina. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas, Dallas. He deceased. 
Albennie Jones, a solo singer, performs rhythm and blues. Rhythm and Blues originated from blues and disco is derived from R & B.J.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a American, was born in Chicago, and died in the U.S. He married to Casey Ribcoff. Falle in Illinois; Native Americans are an ethnic group of the United States. 
Ayam penyet serves hot and is served hot. 
Airey Neave fought in World War II, where Joseph Stalin was a commander. J. Stalin commanded. 
Alan Martin played football for Accrington Stanley F.C. and he plays for ACrington Stan FC. 
Akron Summit Assault is located in Akron, Ohio, U.S. United States. 
Abel Caballero, a governed by the Minister of Transport, was born in Galicia (Spain).
Ashgabat International Airport, which has a runway length of 3800.0 long, is located in Ashgabata., Ascheggiamento international Aascheggi Atlanta (Harbat) y trouve l'arabbat.
Aaron Turner, a Black metal musician, is associated with Sumac band and sings black metal. Death metal is an element of fusion genre.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, became a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Abraham Taïb Mahmoud, fought in sarawak (Koweït).
Olusegun Obasanjo was in office while Atiku Abubakar was Vice President. Abdulsalami Abubaker fought in the Nigerian Air Force and became successor to Olusegun Osbenjo.
L'American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., was first published in 1878. It has an ISSN number 1080-6377 and its discipline is mathématique. 
In Japan, there are an ethnic group called  Brazils and where one of the affiliations is known as brésiliens. 
Aaron Turner, a member of the band Twilight and House of Low Culture, plays Electric guitar in black metal. Death metal is an musical fusion genre de Black Metal.
Albany, Oregon is a part of Oregon, in the United States. Washington D.C. Is the capital of the U.S. where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.,  Albany (Oregon), Oregon comes from the US, which has Washington DC as its capital. Il's capital city is Washington de C. A.L. et it is also home to AsiaAmericans.
At -3.3528 m above sea level, l'Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is operated by the Sciphol Group and it has an elevation of 3.3528 km/h.
Angola, Indiana is a part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County in Indiana, United States. It has 16.55 square kilometres and an area total of 16.55 sq km.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff. 
(66391) 1999 KW4 has a density of 2.0 gram per sec, and its apoapsis is 162164091.8388 kilometres. It has an average speed of 37.16 km/s., The celestial body known as (66391 199 KW4) has 2,16 kilograms per cubic centimeters, it has ad hoc am 168164091.83 kilometers.
Aaron Turner started active in 1995. He played post-metal and was a member of the band Twilight and Lotus Eaters.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995. He played for the Florida Panthers and plays for football club. 
Albennie Jones, a solo singer, was born in 1914 in the United States. He became an American whose genre is rhythm and blues. Rhythm and Blues musician Albenni Jones (in 1914).
René Goscinny created Asterix (comics character) RenéGOScinni. 
Bo Bibbowski, y compris Bo Bibbo, was created by Marv Wolfman and Jerry Ordway., Ma'r Humwman a creator bio-Babbujowski (come he can be known as Bu Bibbaowski) ego Gerard Orway agus Marty Wolfmann. 
Joko Widodo is a leader of Indonesia, where Bakso can be found nationwide in Indonesia. It is also popular in the Southeastern Asian countries whose capital is Jakarta. Il y compris Indonesian language comes from Indonesia and it has its capital city Jakarta.
Airey Neave, fought in the Battle of France. He began his career on March 4th 1974 and ended her 30th March 1979. 
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the Invasion of Grenada, where Lockheed AC-130 and Boeing C-17 Globemaster III are transport aircraft.
Akeem Dent played for the Atlanta Falcons, owned by Arthur Blank and he made his debut team. 
Agnes Kant, a nationality of the Netherlands, is iscritte al House of Representatives. Mark Rutte is la leader dei Paesi Bass. 
John Madin designed 103 Colmore Row., 103 Colmor Row was architected by John Madina and is architectural in the building dei J.Madin.
Jazz originated from blues music and has its stylistic origins in blues. 
Buzz Aldrin, a US national, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology per Sc.D. 1963. In 1963, he fought as an American fighter pilot and became part of Apollo 11.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire. He served as a test pilot and operated by NASA.
Abilene, Texas has a total area code 325., L'area code of Abilenne in Texas is 325.
L'Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 and a year of construction on 1904. 
Stuart Parker, a manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, plays for Runcorn FC Halton and runcorn f.c. Haltone. 
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.  Albany,Georgia is جزءا degli Stati Uniti, a bhfuil un'armée ethnographique minorité parmi l'Américains.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, l'université dean is Mario Botta. It has 100 staff of 100 and 600 students., La Dean in Lussemburgo, Switzerland, c'est Migliorizio, France. Il y a student who are 600 participants.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and fought in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. 
Ace Wilder performs hip hop music, which originated from disco and has its stylistic origins in disco. 
Julia Morgan, a New York born in California, architecte degli Asilomar Conference Grounds. J'ai was married to the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and an Riverside Art Museum.
Felipe Gozon is a key person at GMA New Media, which hails in Fafl Farozon. 
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II e fecame a member of the United States Army. , Barack Abner W Sbal belonged to the U.S.
DeSoto Custom, manufactured a De Soto (automobile), is related to the 1955 Dodge. Il Chrysler Newport was succeeded by Desoto Firedome.
Ajoblanco, a region of Andalusia, hails almond and is an ingredient in Ajoblanco., Almond is one of the ingredients in ajoblanco which originates from Andaluzia.
Il-Izmir, Turkey, whose leader is Ahmet Davutoglu. Il-Breu's Ataturk Monument in Izmir was inaugurated on 27th July 1932. Ankara c'est la capitale dei Turchia. 
Akron Summit Assault, a 3 000 members, play in the Premier Development League where K-W United FC are champions. It has 3000 members and is affiliated with ke W UnitedFC. 
250 Delaware Avenue located in the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader. J.Biden leads all'U.S. o White Americans are one of the ethnic groups there. L.Y.A. (w.J. President) and Joe Baiden are leaders.
Il-duPage County, Illinois is where 300 North LaSalle can be found in Chicago. It has 60 floors and is led by Rahm Emanuel.
Adisham Hall, Sri Lanka, commenced in 1927. It is architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian; it was completed in 1931.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a member of the Nigerian Army, was in office while Mike Akhigbe attended Oladipo Diya. Aveva succeeded Olusegun Obasanjo., Abraham Awji Akij fought on May 29th 1999 and became Vice-Président Alan Abhigbe (in office) during l'Afghanistan Nigéria. Auparavant Aleksandrوسا Diya commençaya Abdulsam Awjakja; alpara
Adam Koc is an ethnic group in Poland, where Kashubians are one of the ethnies. Adam Koc comes from Poland. L'armée dei Poland hails le Polish speaking Poland and its language is polacco.
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. In which English is a language spoken in Great Britain., L'United States (capital: Washington DC). L'U.S. originates de l'Afghanistan ethno-Americans; y hails un severed wasp.
Asam pedas s'est a food found in Sumatra, Malaysia. Minangkabau people are an ethnic group in Malaysia, where Asam Pedas comes from.
Aenir, a sequel to Castle (novel) Aenur, preceded by the novel Castle. 
Abner played football for Real Madrid Castilla, which is managed by Luis Miguel Ramis. He plays for Coritiba Football Club and coritiba Foot Ball Club.
The Antares rocket was launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It had its maiden flight on the 9th January 2014, and it has last air on 09 janvier 2014.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state Tyrol in Austria, Austria. 
Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot, fought in Apollo 11. He served as an Apollo 11 crew member.
L-Istituto di Technology Acharya, a Belgaum, India, was established in 2000. It has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University (B.M. Reddy). In Soldevanahalli, J. Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road; Bangalore – 560090. L-Acharya Institute of Technology devait être istituito in 2000. Istituted
Aleksandr Prudnikov, a member of FC Dynamo Moscow, was born on 24 February 1989. He played football for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Dinamo Moscou. 
1097 Vicia, a mass of 9.8 kgs, has an epoch date 31 December 2006. It has l'épopsia 2006-12-31. Its orbital period is 135589000.0 and its apoapsis is 5511592000.0 km.
Tom Lyle created the comic character Blockbuster, Roland Desmond, and Roger Stern., The comic book characterBlockbuster (come genre) is alternatively known as Marguerite Demond; a creator dei Rod Stern et TomLyle. 
Il Memorial turc Martyrs' memorial, Baku, Azerbaijan, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Il designed Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner.
James Craig Watson, a national of Canada, discovered 101 Helena. His Alma mater was the University of Michigan and died from peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin. 
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen II, a member of the Bundesliga League. Viktor Skrypnyk is its manager. He formerly plays football for FC Werger Breen (in Bundesliga).
Alan B. Miller Hall, Williamsburg, Virginia, is owned by the College of William and Mary., The Alan B Mill Hall (William & Mary) was built by The College de William et Mary.
Massimo Drago played for S.S.D. Potenza Calcio, but is a manager of A.C. Cesena. Mr. Drago plays for FC Catania and F.J.A.E.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for Al-Naft and Steel Azin F.C., a member of Al Naft.
Alan Martin played football for Clyde F.C., which has Barry Ferguson as its manager. Alan Martin is a footballer for Accrington Stanley FC and their home ground is inAccrington.
John Clancy is a Labour politician. John Madin was born in Birmingham, where they are leaders and has an postcode area B. L'urban code b devrait être designed 103 Colmore Row.
Eric Flint scrisse 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was written by Eric Flin. 
Alvah Sabin, a member of Vermont, f'Ermont. He died in Sycamore, Illinois. Burlington is the largest city and became al-Burlington (Vermont).
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire, United States. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and became a crew member of Apollo 14.
Auburn, Washington is a part of Pierce County in Washington, U.S. Auburn (total area: 7741 square kilometres).
At Texas, where Austin is the capital and Texan are known as Texans, has a language spoken in Spanish. L'arrivée degli Andrews County Airport can be found in Texas. Il y comprise Houston is an largest city of Texas whose capital is Austin. 
L'Ariane 5, manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space, had a diameter of 5.4 metres. It was launched from the Guiana Space Centre on 11 August 2005. L' Ariane 5 is 5.4m long and its maiden flight was on 18 December 2009.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, was preceded by Grantville Gazette III., Virginia De Marce et EricFlint wrote 1634:The Bavar Crisi's which was preceded by the Grantוויל Gazetta III.
Julia Morgan, a California born in California, architecte degli Asilomar Conference Grounds. J'ai was married to the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and an Riverside Art Museum. L'immense édifice of Julia Morgan is Hearst Castle.
Born on 8 January 1988, Alex Tyus, was born on 08 janv 1988. He played for Pallacanestro Cantu and plays for the Pallasanestro Kentu. 
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has a coden code APGPAC., L'AggPAC is the name of the Codencode (ACP). 
L-Aviation Force United States, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada, operated by Al Asad. L-U.S. Air Force is part of the Korean War and transport aircraft include Lockheed C-130 Hercules.
Adam Koc died in New York City.  Adam Koc passed away in new York city.
L-A.S. Gubbio 1910 s'inscrit in Italy, where Pietro Grasso is a leader and the capital city is Rome. L-Italy has Roma as its capital. Il-home ground of A. S. gubbiO 1910 f'Italie. Liens ufficializzano l-Iodheria, laggiùltà dei paesi e'Rome.
(66063) 1998 RO1 a epoch date 4th July 2013, has an orbital period of 360.29 days. Its mean temperature is 265.0 kelvins and its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 (kilometres).
Bhajji a bhajji, which comes from the Karnataka region in India. T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders in india. 
Albert Jennings Fountain, a member of the New Mexico Territory, was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President. He died in New mexica.
Bionico, a dessert is élaboré in Mexico. Bionico comes from Mexico and it has sour cream as one of its ingredients. 
The A-Rosa Luna, made on 22nd January 2004, has a length of 125800.0 millimetres. It is 125.8 mm long and it was commanded on Jan 22, 2004.
Atlantic City International Airport, operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, is 23 metres above sea level. It has a runway name 4/22 and an length of 3048.0., At orbiter Atlantic City international Airport (managed by port authorityניו-יו-نيو-Neuv ونيو-J Jersey), it is 23.0 meters above sae level.
Asser Levy Public Baths which were constructed in 1904 and are located on 23rd Street (Manhattan).
Alpena County Regional Airport, located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, has a runway length of 1533.0 and is 210 metres above sea level. 
Atlanta is a part of Georgia in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. Atlanta is situated in Georgia (U.S).
Aleksandra Kovac commence active in 1990. He performs soul music and began his musical career en 1990.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo, was in office while Mike Akhigbe preceded Oladipo Diya., Abraham Awji Vice-Président Alan Abhigbe (précédente declamation Olaefo Diya) y succede Abdulsalamu Abubaka, successor Aleksandrozo Diya et Mulaj.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, where Anandiben Patel is the leader. Amdavad Ni GUFA is situated in Idirjae.
Auburn, Washington is a part of the state of Washington, in the United States. It has Olympia as its capital.
Adonis Georgiadis a member of Antonis Samaras, was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister.
L'Albany a Baked Alaska comes from Hong Kong, France, where Carrie Lam and Gérard Larcher are leaders. Il y compris French is one of the languages spoken in France. 
Ilocano and Igorot are an ethnic group in the Philippines, where Batchoy comes from. It is also a food found in Philippine English. In which Arabic is one of the languages spoken, it is arabe. L'imigrazione dei pauvreti peuples irzocano et l'Iliocano.
L'AIDAluna, a length of 252000.0 millimetres, is powered by Caterpillar Inc. and it had its maiden voyage on 22nd March 2009. It has an ship beam of 32.2.
Alvah Sabin ended his career on 3rd March 1857., Albu'r Sabin, started her active years on 03/03/1857, and ending his work on 3.1857.
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore and Indonesia, where Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders. It can be found nationwide at Singapore which has English as its language. 
Meyer Werft built l'AIDAstella, which is in service, operated by AIDA Cruises. It has a length of 253260.0 millimetres long and was manufactured by Meyer Werfl. 
Alex Tyus played in the Turkish Basketball Super League, Maccabi Ashdod B.C. whose coach is Vit Sherf and he plays in his league which is affiliated to the Turchia Basketball super League. 
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Artur Rashizade leads. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India.
Lenol is a member of the Rosids order. 
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut, where he worked as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 4th district and fought in the Whiskey Rebellion.
Aleksandra Kovač, a solo singer, was born in 1972. Aleksandra Kovac became active in the Socialist Republic of Serbia en 1972 and performs pop music.
L'Audi A1, assembled in Audi Brussels, is a type bodystyle. It has an 1.2 lm feidhmchlár, 1,2 litres, e transport of 5 speed manual. 
Hypermarcas, a type de S.A. (corporation) in Brazil, was founded on 1st January 2001, and is patrocinad by the CEO. Is pharmaceutically traded drugs.
Auburn is a part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S. where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
L'Dodge Dodge, manufactured by Chrysler. It has a 3 speed automatic transmission and is 120.0 (centimetres). L'assemblage devrait être 130.0 inches. Il contiene un moteur V8, an impressive wheelbase of 120,0 cm. 
Felipe Gozon - a key person at GMA New Media, which is located in the Philippines. L'Agglomération Network Center de l'GMA Numérique (Philippines). Il y compris Fafl Farozon et fرضا gozon. 
Bionico e's dessert is a type of dessert. It can be varied by Ice cream and bionico. 
107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, was discovered by F Vilas. Its periapsis is 479343000.0 kilometres and its apoapsis is 560937000.0 km. It had an orbital period of 2368.05 days.
L'Audi A1, manufactured by Audi, is related to the SEAT Ibiza and a type of transport., The Audi A2, manufactured by VW, are relative means de transports such as l'A1.
Albany, Georgia is a part of Dougherty County in Georgia, United States, where an ethnic group is Asian Americans. It is led by the Mayor.
Alison O'Donnell a jazz musician is an autoharp and performer pop music., Allien or Jazz artist Alison Or Donnell, whose genre is jazz, plays autoHarp as one of the instruments.
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, where the United Motors and Eagle are a tentative of. It was made by America Motors whose fate were Eagle. 
L'Universitas Apulensis is the latin name of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Romania, where Andrew The Apostle was a patron saint.
Alan Martin, who was born on 1st January 1989, is 185,42 cm tall. He played football for Hamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where the legislature is National Assembly. Ba's capital is Baku and an Turkish Martyrs' Memorial can be found in Azerbaïdjan. It is governed by national Assembly (Azerbaijan).
Adisham Hall serves in Sri Lanka, where Tamil is the language. Adisham Hall comes from.
Poaceae, a division of flowering plants, is part of the order Poales and it has an 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) surface type de poaceae. 
AZAL PFK serves the AZAL Arena, Shuvalan. Il's home ground is at Alzal Arena (Shriban).
ACF Fiorentina play in Serie A which is located in Italy. 
Bananaman broadcast by the BBC, London, where Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead is a key person. Bananaman was diffused by la BBC in London. 
Greenville, Wisconsin is a part of Clayton Winnebago County in Wisconsin, United States. Greenville (whose home to Appleton International Airport) can be found in New Jersey, Illinois, U.S.
L'Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. Its motto is Nurturing Excellence., Il'Istituto Acharya (in Bangalore), India, hails l'Indiana. It has its mottu as Naúrsaíocht.
Akeem Dent was born on 27 July 1987 in 1987. 
Aleksandre Guruli played for AZAL PFK and Olympique Lyonnais, which has their home ground at the Parc Olimpique Lionnais. L'arrivée dei Juillet Olympiques is l'ACL pFK. 
Arem-arem is a main course in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. Arem arem comes from Indonesia and it can be found nationwide. It include compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Barack Obama is a leader in the United States, where 250 Delaware Avenue was located. Barack President is president. 
L'Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland, Finland. Finns are the demonym of Finland.
L-IATA Antwerp International Airport, which is operated by the Flemish Government, is 12 metres above sea level. It is situated at 12 km/h al-dessus de'l-leibhéal., At 12,0 meters dal-Seahel, L-AEF Brussels International airport (w-operated by Gouvernement fhilimish).
Il-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with Minotaur IV. It was launched by Delta II, which originates from the U.S. A.R.A. and operated at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority whose headquarters are located in Jinnah International airport. L'Autorité civilaérienza Pakistani, which hails l'Administration Jinna international Airport, belongs to the organisation operated by allama Awjij.
Aaron Turner, a married to Massachusetts, began active in 1995. He is associated with the band Twilight and Lotus Eaters (Band).
L'Aston Martin Virage, manufactured by Aston Marlin, is a related means of transport. L'Alman Martin RHAM/1 and was succeeded by Almann Martin V8. 
Anderson, Indiana is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, in Indiana, United States., The Anderson township Anderson, Jones, New York, U.S.
At 34.0 metres above sea level, Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand. It has a runway length of 1411.0 and an nsity of poaceae. L'arrivée dei l'astéral - 03R/21L.
Walter Baade, a preussisch Oldendorf, attended l'Université Göttingen. He graduated dall'université Gottingen. Halton Arp is an doctoral student of Walter baade and he was born in Preußisch Vorendorf. 
Deram Records is located in London. Deramrecords are based in Londra., Drem Records are situated in Londa, London.
Ayam penyet s'est a food found in Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is the leader. Thaw Malaysian people are an ethnic group of Banyumasan and its language is English.
Alfred Garth Jones, a United Kingdom, was born in Manchester. He died in London. 
Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States., The Amarillo (Texas) is located in the U.S.
Frank G Jackson is a leader in Cleveland, Ohio, United States. Il '200 Public Square' s'est organised by Frank G J Jackson. 
L'Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Telangana and Arabian Sea are to its north-east. It is governed by the Istitut Acharya (in Bangalore).
Abradab, Katowice, Poland, began active in 1994. He is a member of the band Kaliber 44 and Magik (rapper).
 Silvio Berlusconi - a chairman of A.C. Milan, which is governed by AC Milan. 
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works, and has a four-stroke engine. It is powered by l'Alco RS-3, which was constructed by the Montreal Lokomotive works., Lumière moteur de la CAO RS-3. It was manufactured by McManufacture Traves (Montréal).
Andra is a pop musician whose genre is pop and disco. Disco is an element of the fusion genre pop, which derives from Pop music.
Aleksandra Kovač's background is solo singer. 
GMA New Media is a media company in the genre of media.  L'Agenzia Fides Inc. GMA Nu Media comes from media group.
The Audi A1, assembled in Brussels, Belgium, is classed as supermini. It has a 1.2 lm and front-engine operated avant-wheel-drive.
Adam Maher played for the Netherlands national under 17 football team and is a member of PSV Eindhoven. He plays for la Netherlands National under 17.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has an ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9., L'ISBN number 1-439-925500-9, Alcatraz Versu the Labyrintals (whose can be found in Hardcover).
Andrew Rayel, a member of Jwaydan Moyine, is associated with Armin van Buuren, whose genre is house music. He plays House music and became attached to the musical artist jamjjan Moyne. 
Batagor, siomay, y compris de Shumai, Indonesia. Il contient shiitake e Shijitake.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, in Ohio, United States. Auburn is a member of the U.S.L.
10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Miri,Malaysia, became his birthplace, Abdul Tab Mahmoud, f'un party de la Parti pesaka bumputera (Bersatu).
Amatriciana sauce comes from Lazio region, lazio. Tomato is an ingredient in a tomato., Tomatoes are one of the ingredients in Amélioration can be found in Autriche region (Lazio).
HOK SVE - architects 3Arena in Dublin, Dublin. It was completed in December 2008 and is designed by HOK SSVE. 
 Dublin is part of Leinster a Dublin. 
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi. 
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader. Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S. which has its capital as Washington DC. 
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada, where English is the language., Canada's birth place Adam McQuid and English are the languages spoken there.
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States., Albeny (Oregon) comes from the U.S.A.
Abilene, Texas, a part of Taylor County, Austin, United States, is serves the city of Abilenne. 
Bacon Explosion, which comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area, is a food found in the United States. Sausage and bacon are as an ingredient. 
The book Above the Veil is available in hardcover. 
Adonis Georgiadis, aDeputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping, worked as Vice-Ministre of Development., The vice-ministre for Développement,עוניens et Shipping officed as deputy minister for Developpements, Technologiserves and Transportation.
L'Alhambra, a 63800.0 millimetres long, was built by Samuda Brothers. Il y owned the Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes in Deptford. It is powered by P&O; it has 61000.0 mms de length. 
The NASA operates Apollo 8 which is operated by NASA. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C, which is a member of Vila Nova Futebol Clube. Il y  competed in 2015.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, a full name of A. E Di Mitr Efксеnoupoli, has l'abbreviated name A.
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and it has a Cruise ship. It is 125.850,000 mm long. 
Albany, Oregon is a part of Oregon, in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S. where Washington DC is its capital. 
Abel Hernandez, whose youth club is Peñarol, plays in Serie A. He played football for U.S. Città di Palermo, which has Giuseppe Iachini as its manager. 
Zan Türk is a coach of Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C., whose coach is Zan Tabah. 
Akeem Dent formerly played for the Houston Texans, which is owned by Bob McNair. He commenced his debut with Atlanta Falcons, who are located in Atlanta.
Aaron Hunt played for Goslarer SC 08 and SV Werder Bremen. He formerly plays for VfL Wolfsburg, whose youth football club is Gos Larner SC 08.
Marv Wolfman created Auron, a comic book character. 
Adam McQuaid played for Boston Bruins, which is located in Columbus (Ohio), where Don Sweeney is an general manager. He was a member of the Boston Blue Jackets who are affiliated with l'Ohio.
Ajoblanco, a bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil, originates from Andalusia in Spain. Ajoblanco's main ingredients are pane, algues, granturce, pesce, hydrique, etc.
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana, in the United States., Athenston is patrocinat by Fall Ridge Townships, New Jersey, Wisconsin, U.S.
Ab Klink, a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal Party, was born in the Netherlands. He attended Erasmus University Rotterdam and became part of an Union européenne democratique.
Abilene, Texas, which is 524.0 above sea level, has a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area total 286.5 sq km., L'asfalto total tal-al-Al-Adalene (Texas) ha 54.0 al-dessus leibhéal. It has un total area 28,6.5 square kilometers, 344,0 centimetres.
Elliot See, a United States, was born in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died on 28 February 1966 in St. Louis.
The Antares rocket, a comparable to Delta II, was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It is similar to Atlantic (Delta II).
At a runway length of 1533.0, it is 1533,0 long. 
Jusuf Kalla - leaders in Indonesia, where Joko Widodo is a leader. Arem-arem arem comes from the country of Indonesia.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, a governed by Vica, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions. It has 17000 members and is managed byויק. 
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, is 512 pages. It was published in E-Book and has an ISBN of 512 Pages., E-book dei 1634:The Ram Revilion (ISBN: EricFlint), a ISBN 978-0-571 pages.
Lars Løkke Rasmussen is a leader in Denmark, where Lars Lokke רוג'sen. It was established in 1928 and it has 737 academic staff. Il y serves the city of Aarhus, Dejugoslavie. Is affiliated to the European University Association.
Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot, was born on 20th January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963. In 1963, he served as an Apollo 11.
L-Allama Iqbal International Airport, Punjab, Pakistan, operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. It serves Lahore in Pakistan where Anwar Zaheer Jamali is a leader.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, is available in hardcover. It was published in Hardcover.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez, a manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan, plays for C. D. FAS. He is managed by J.J. Sicuro Rodriguez, whose club is AC S.S.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a related means of transport to the Fiat Croma. 
Icolo e Bengo is part of Luanda Province, Angola. It is 159 metres above sea level and it is located in Ícolo-e Beno (Luanda).
AIP Advances, abbreviated to AIP Adv., is published by A.T. Charlie Johnson and it has a coden code AAIDBI.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, part of Awadh, Bundelkhand. It is 167.94 metres above sea level and it is situated 610.94.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is associated with Ciro Pérez and He has been signed to RCA Records. His musical genre is Zamba (art form) where he can be found. He plays for Yuctor Numa Moraes and Co.Pérez.
Airey Neave, a Knightsbridge, fought in World War II. He began his career on 30th June 1953 and finíodh an 30 March 1979. 
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the university of Tex system. He died in St Louis, part of the Kingdom of France.
Stuart Parker, a footballer, whose manager is A.F.C. Blackpool, plays for Drogheda United FC and Stockport County FC. 
Meyer Werft, l'AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere. It has a length of 253260.0 millimetres and an beam of 32.2 m., Mare Erft was the builder de la Aidastella, whose runway is 322.2m, it can be powered by Mare Wirft.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre, a typical ingredient. 
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst., has a coden code ATSET. 
The Atatürk Monument (Izmir) is made of bronze. It was made in Bronze. 
Peter Stoger is the manager of 1. FC Köln where Peter Stogere is a manager. 
L'AMC Matador, which is also known as VAM Classic, was assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It has a station wagon and an AMC V8 engine.
Aaron Hunt played for Goslarer SC 08 and VfL Wolfsburg. He plays for SV Werder Bremen II, whose youth football club is Gos Larner SC 08.
The Alhambra has a 8.3m ship beam and an elevation of 8.3 m.
Airey Neave, a fought in the Battle of France, was awarded an Order of the British Empire and ended his career on 30th March 1979. 
Len, a gcion dei Cirus, is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa. Ilen y compris le limon, un tzigan genre de cyrilsis. 
At serves the city of Athens, l'aeroporto is located in Spata. L'atterraggiod by Athens International Airport f'Athens (part of Spate).
Batagor, a peanut sauce comes from Indonesia, Indonesia. Il y compris Siomay and siom may are an variations of Batagor.
Julia Morgan, a San Francisco, was born in san Francisco. She designed dei important buildings tels que Asilomar Conference Grounds (Saontre-Examiner) telles que Los Angeles Herald examiner.
Aaron Turner, a black metal musician, is associated with Twilight band and Sumac band.
GMA New Media, a media company, produces web Wide Web. In realté, is l'industria deiسائt Entertainment and in the entertainment industry. 
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre, a regional region of the Valencian Community. Arròs Negre comes from the community Valenciana and can be found in it.
Amdavad ni Gufa, Ahmedabad, India, is located in Gujarat. T S Thakur is the leader of India., Atsamdan niGufa (abbreviated to M.T.Thakur),  Mumbai, Indiana, led by T.S Takur.
Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States, and there are an ethnic group called Asian Americans., The Auburn (Alabama) is from the U.S. where one of the ethnological groups include Asian americans.
Akeem Ayers formerly played for the Los Angeles Rams, which are located in L-L-Los Angeles Coliseum. He was coached by Mike Mularkey and made his debut with the Tennessee Titans. 
Polizia includes an ethnic group called Romani and the Romani people. 
Andrew White started active in 2003 and was signed to Polydor Records. He is associated with Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs., Former Andrew White, who began his musical career in 2003. He became a member of the band Antheu's Mark Banlow (Marry Bajlow).
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Korean War and became part of Operation Enduring Freedom. 
Alan Bean a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA, where David Scott commanded Alan Bean and Alfred Worden were backup pilots. 
Anderson, Indiana is a part of Indiana, in the United States. Il's headquarters are Washington D.C. and it is led by the Democratic Party (United States), where he has Indianapolis as its capital., Austin Anderson,Indian, Illinois, In the U.S., leads the Democrat Parti (USA) which hails at Washington DC. L'espolaire dei J.D.
Aleksandr Chumakov played football for FC Torpedo Moscow, which is managed by Valery Petrakov. He died in Russia, whose leader is Valentina Matviyenko and a member of the Soviet Union national football team.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a married to Ruth Ribickoff; was born in the U.S., and became spouse of Abraham A Rigicoff. 
Andrew Rayel, a member of Bobina, is associated with Christian Burns, Armin Van Buuren, Mark Sixma,Jonathan Mendelsohn, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano,Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose; Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, and Alexandra Badoi.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of Kota Samarahan. 
Anaheim, California is part of California where Tom Tait and the United States House of Representatives are leaders. It is led by Anaheim (Colombie). Is a Spanish language in California., L'United States house of Représentations is located at the Capitole de l'U.S. Taït et it is governed by Tom Tut.
L-Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilenne, Texas. L-ICAO Location Identifier is KABI and it has a runway name 17R/35L. It is 546 metres above sea level.
Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil are a main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce., The main ingredient of arrabbiati served as tomates, rouge chili (charlic) or olive ola.
Akeem Dent was born on 27 July 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He made his debut for the Atlanta Falcons. 
Arròs negre, a t-arròs négen, comes from the region of Valencian Community in Spain. Cuttlefish is an ingredient in it. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on 9 September 1995 in 1995, a member of the Florida Panthers and he played for football club. 
Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot, was retired. He graduated from it and became an crew member of the aircraft pilot. 
GMA New Media, a mass media industry, is located in Quezon City, Philippines. Ils are l'intermédiaires de massima media y risiedono dans le Peuples Filippines. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico, a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre, has area land 486.2 sq km. It has an area code 505, 575 and its total area is 490.9 (square kilometer).
Appleton serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin. Greenville is part of Ellington and Little Chute (Wisson). Il y compris appleton International Airport which can be found in Groenville, Illinois.
A variation of the dessert is Cake. It comes from cookies. 
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Ohio. 
L'école de Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association which has headquarters in Brussels. L'Association européenne hails a Bruxelles.
Arem-arem is a food found nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia and Arem arem comes from all'Indonésie, ma più specific for Java.
Ernie Colón, Puerto-Ricans, was created by Dan Mishkin and Ernie Colon. Il creator dei comic character Bolt (or Larry Bolatinsky) a commençant Darini Kolon, And Dermi Chukin. 
Akeem Ayers formerly played for St. Louis Rams and was drafted on 3rd round. He served as a draft pick of 39.
L'Istituto di Technology Acharya, which was established in 2000, has 700 post-graduate students and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. In Soldevanahalli (Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road), Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India, it has a motto of Nurturing Excellence., Il Istitut Deipartimental Teicneolaíochta Ascharya located in Sold
Arròs negre comes from Spain, where Felipe VI is a leader. Arròs négen can be found in Spain. It has an euro and its currency is the Euro. Ethnic groups of Spain are Spaniards.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. A.C. chievo Verona has 39371 members and competed in Serie A 2014-15, 2014.
L'11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a municipality of Gettysburg in Adams County, Pennsylvania. L'Adams County (Pennsylvanie), to its southeast de Carroll County and Maryland to the north de Cumberland County.
Hypermarcas - produzione dei drugs, is located in Sao Paulo, Brazil. Il y a president of the Supreme Federal Court and l'ils are based in São Paulo.
Bhangt Budapest is located in Hong Kong, Ungheria. 
200 Public Square Cleveland has 45 floors, a total area of 45.
The LCCN number of Administrative Science Quarterly is 57059226.
L'Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States. Gale Brewer is a leader in Manhattan. 
Beef kway teow comes from Singapore and Indonesia, where the main ingredients are Kway Teow. It is a food found in Singapore et Indonesia. Il contiene palm sugar as an ingredient of keow, mae tender loin, gula Melaka, pauvred, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oryster sesame oil, but it includes palm suc., Mae way
L'11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and it is categorised as a contributing property. Carroll County, Maryland is to the north of Adams County (Pennsylvanie).
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors. 
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa where Cape Town. 
In Italy, where Italians are known as Italian. 
Adam Koc a won the Cross of Valour (Poland) and was awarded by Adam Koc.
Il-Susana Mendoza is a leader of Chicago, part of DuPage County, Illinois, in the United States. C'est where 300 North LaSalle can be found.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis are leaders. Greek is the language spoken in Grecia. 
Adenan Satem, a member of Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak, was born in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo. He went to succed by AidenanSatem and became fought in sarawak. 
Trane, a was founded on 1st January 1913 in La Crosse Wisconsin. , Trane (founded 01-01-1913) is i LaCrosse Indiana., L-Abraham L-Croix, Wisconsin produced traon f'1st janvier 1913.
L'Italie, where Pietro Grasso and Laura Boldrini are leaders, is a leader of Italy. L'italiens live in Amatriciana sauce. La capitale dei paesi n'est que Rome.
Mae's Barny Cakes are a variation of chocolate. 
L'AIDAstella, owned by Costa Crociere, was built by Meyer Werft and operated by AIDA Cruises. It has a length of 253260.0 millimetres in larghezza, 253.26 mm per l'arrivée dei measccrociere. 
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an epoch date of 14th July 2004, a rotation period de 9953.28.
L'Atlantic City International Airport, operated by the Port Authority New York and New Jersey, is 23 metres above sea level. It has an ICAO location identifier KACY. Its runway name is 4/22 and it has a length of 1873.0.
L-Ariane 5 a launch site of ELA-3 is the Guiana Space Centre, which has its headquarters in Kourou, French Guana. L-Areane 5 was launched by l-ELA-3.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport located in Madrid, has a runway name 14L/32R. It is 460.0 long and it has an length of 410.0., Asroport Adolfo SuarezMadrid Barajas Stadium risiede Madrid (Madrid) where they can be known as 14 L 32R.
A Long Long Way, which was followed by The Secret Scripture, is a language of English (whose comes from Great Britain) and it was preceded by the book A Long long Way., The sequel to L'English (Woy compris In Great Gran Bretagna).
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Baymax, created by Duncan Rouleau, Americans. It is a character of Big Hero 6 and starred Jamie Chung. 
Cornell University, Ithaca, New York, is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. L'Université Cornell (New York), s'inscrit in it Hacda, N.Y. I.R. E.N.E. C'est an publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly which has its nickname Cornal Big Red.
Il-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with the Minotaur IV and it was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base. It is similar to Delta II, which originated in the U.S. A.L.A.
Ícolo e Bengo is a destination in Angola, where the IATA is situated. It can be found in Ícolo-e Beno (Angola).
Bananaman, broadcast by STV, first aired on 3rd October 1983. Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman, it was shown on 10th octobre 1983.
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is a bryning Lane and has 3180 members., Brying Lane are the home ground of A.P.K.
Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States, whose capital is Washington D.C.
L'Ampara Hospital, a district Ampara District, Sri Lanka, has 476 lits., Il-Hel-Olympia Hospital is situated in Agra District de Sri Lanci (Sri Lanka). Its bed count is 476 litres.
Auburn, a part of Pierce County, Washington, in the U.S. A.C. is led by Washington DC. Auburn b'epported dei Peque County (Washington).
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport located in Alcobendas, has a runway length of 3500., Agraham Adolfo SuarezMadrid–Barrajas airport which is situated in alcobendais, hails 3500.0 meters long.
Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Cornell University (New York), affiliated with the Association of American Universities and it has its nickname Cornj Big Red.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Artur Rashizade leads. Il Memorial Turicirs turquif saura red granite and white marble, dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
Aenir, a ISBN number of 1-439-17684-0, was written by Garth Nix and has the ISBN code 0-439-17734-0., GarthNix is l'auteur dei Aenur (ISBN number: 0-4317684-2).
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena, which is located at North Wall, Dublin. It was designed by HOK SSVE. 
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois and it can be found in peoria Illinois. 
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi. 
The mascot of the University of Texas at Austin is Hook'em (mascot).
L'AIDAluna, owned by AIDA Cruises, is Caterpillar Inc. in Rostock and was founded in California en California. L'Aidaluna operates l'Applet Inc (capital: California).
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was published in the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. It is also a food found in this country., L'AtSuas Aftes the Illucinations originates from the U.S. which has l'English language but one of its languages is English.
Alfons Gorbach, a married in Imst, died in Austria. Doris Bures is the leader of Austria which has dei leaders. 
Adam Koc fought in the Polish-Soviet War, where Adam Koc was awarded an Order of Polonia Restituta and an Cross of Valour (Poland).
Aenir is the sequel to Above the Veil, which was written in Australia. 
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico, a type of dessert. Il y compris granola as one of the ingredients. 
Binignit s'y can be found in the Visayas region, Philippines. Il convient delizieux binignit; it is a dessert and c'est préférable to make sweet potato as well as banana. 
L'Ariane 5 a diametre 5.4 metres, manufactured by the European Space Agency. It was launched from ELA-3, it had its maiden flight on 2nd March 2004 and its final flight 27 September 2003.
Bionico, which is a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico. Il y compris: fruits chopped, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana, in the United States. Anderson is an largest city in Indiana. 
Baked Alaska is a dessert and it can be derived from. 
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon where the largest city is Portland (Oregon).
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP and has 1500 members. 
A.D. Isidro Metapan, a full name is Asociación Deportiva.
Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak, Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom sarawak. He fought in Saorawak and became a member of Buhran Ra’ayat jatiSarawak party. 
F. Vilas discovered 107 Camilla, which was founded by F Vialas. 
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and is 17068.8 millimetres long. It has 12 cylinders, a length of 178.8 mm/m., L'Alco RS-3, which had 12 cilindres, was constructed by the Montreal Lokomotive works and began it on March 8, 2006.
Abilene, Texas is a part of Texas, in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S. and English is one of its languages., L'English language is commonly spoken in Texas (United States), where Washington DC is la capital.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, part of the community of Madrid., Agraham Adolfo SuarezMadrid Barajas si trouve in alcobendais (part of communauté Madrid).
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain. It is a language that can be heard by African Americans and it comes from New York., Federal for Ireland Ice was published in the U.S. E.E. In this country, there are an ethnic group called Afro-Américains and one of its languages is English.
Il AIDS (journal) was published in Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, United Kingdom, where David Cameron is a leader.
L-Cleveland, a part of Cuyahoga County in Ohio, is governed by the Cleveland City Council. C'est where 200 Public Square can be found.
Akeem Dent formerly played for the Houston Texans, which are owned by Arthur Blank. He started his debut with the Atlanta Falcons and is a city in Atlanta. 
Asam pedas s'est a food found in the Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. Il y are an ethnic group from Malaysia, where Arifin Zakaria and Indonesian Indian is one of the leaders.
The AIDAstella was operated on March 17th 2013, and it had a ship in service on the 17nd March 2013.
Joseph Klaus graduated from the University of Vienna.,  Josef Klaus attended l'Université di Vienna, a student at Université Wien. 
AmeriGas a company in the energy industry, which is within the United States. AmeriGas operates an operating income of $380,700,000 and its revenue nets is 38000000., Democrat Amerigas (in the Energy Industry) hails in America, U.S.
L'Alhambra, a wrecked, is 63800.0 millimetres long. It has an ship beam of 8.3m and it was derived from 8,3 m. 
L-Adams County, Pennsylvania, where Franklin County is to its west and Carroll County in Maryland. L-At east of Adams County (Pennsylvanie). Il-Y-y-ll-w-l-Envoyer de Municipality 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property.
Aaron S. Daggett, born in Maine, fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and died in West Roxbury. He was awarded the Purple Heart and went on to be part of W.R.W.
The A-Rosa Luna, which was christened on April 4, 2005, is 125800.0 millimetres in length. 
Porte Fortin is located in Trinidad, a country where it can be found. 
Angola, Indiana is a part of Steuben County in Indiana. In the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group and native americans live. 
The Delta II was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., Lancement site 'delta II' is la Central Antartide Atlantic Station.
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana, which has Indianapolis as its capital. 
20 Fenchurch Street commenced in janvier 2009 and it was built on Jan 2009. 
Adam Koc fought in World War I e was awarded the Virtuti Militari. Adam Koc became finvolved in WWI., Abraham Ahmet Kovab f'Impérium I, but died under Campiti militarii.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions. It is a home ground at Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, y have been competing in this league which was previously  competed in Silva Nova FC. 
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC, M.A. in 1957 and became selected by NASA in 1959.
Ayam penyet, a food found in Java, can be found nationwide, Malaysia and Singapore. Il y includes fried chicken (squeezed) or smashed fritt beef served with sambal. , Ayam Penyet comes from Java all'intérieure, but it is also comparable to Malaysia et Singapore.
 Asunción is part of Gran Asuncion, gran Asunciones. 
L-Aston Martin V8, a 5.3 litres, is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom. It has an elevation of 5.3 liters and it is related to the Aston M.RHAM/1.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has a minimum temperature of -71.0 degré Celsius, e an apoapsis is 254989570.60815 (kilometres). Its maximum temperature is 500.0 kelvins and its celsius. 
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C. Iraq, where Adnan Hamad is the manager. He formerly a member of this club 'Atogh national football team.
Attica, Indiana is a part of Fountain County in Indiana, United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes. 
Adam Holloway, born in Kent, became a member of the Conservative Party (UK) and attended Magdalene College Cambridge., Former student at Magdalenne College London, Cambridge, Albert Adam Ljay fought en Kent.
Alvah Sabin, a member of the Whig Party in the U.S.A. He died in Sycamore (Illinois). Il juge Henry Clay is l'arrivée de Burlington, Vermont.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 88 metres above sea level.  The Al Taqaddum air base has an elevation of 84.0 meters long and it's elevated from 84 feet.
L-A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, Rostock, Germany, where Stanislaw Tillich is a leader. R-Swoboda f'Rostock in Germany. L-Roghaf fl-Saskatchewan (Austria). Il-Jenonym as Germans are germans.
Andrew Rayel, a Trance musician, began in 2009 and became active in 2009. He is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Aaron Bertram, a ska punk genre, has its stylistic origins in Punk rock. He is associated with Kids Imagine Nation and Suburban Legends. Brian Robertson (trombonist).
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci, who plays for the Italy national football team. 
John Madin, a Birmingham (led by Andrew Mitchell), was born in Birmingham. He designed 103 Colmore Row which has an postcode area B and is governed by the Birmingham City Council., Birmingham's leader of Birmingham includes Andrew Michigan as its governing body including John Maden who created 103 Colonel Row. It had b postal code zone B.
L'Atlantic City International Airport located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has a runway length of 3048.0 and l'arrivée is 3060.0., Il-Atroport Atlantic City international airport which can be found in egg Harbor township (New Jersey) within the U.S.
14R/32L is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport. 14.R 32L has l'arrivée dei 14R-32L., Adolfo SuarezMadrid Barajas Airport, which hails 13R/32L, can be known as 14.R/28L.
Austin, Texas is located in the United States, where Austin has its title as a City Manager.
Cornell University, which is affiliated with Association of Public and Land-grant Universities, is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly. 
Andra, a pop musician, became active in 2000 and began performing in 2000.
Alexandria, Indiana is a part of Madison County in Indiana, Illinois, United States. Anderson is an largest city in the state.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, where Diego Santilli is a leader. Il y e'r led - Diego Sanilli. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain and Native Americans are an ethnic group. L'Atst-U.S. include l'English language (in Great Bretagna).
(410777) 2009 FD, which was discovered by Spacewatch, has an orbital period of 39447000.0 and a periapsis de 88234300000,0. 
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba, Manioquia., The birth place of Alex Plantes is Manibaka and j'ai belonged to an M Nakatoba.
L-ALV X-1 originated dagli Stati Uniti, where Americans are an ethnic group. L-Americans live in the U.S., Il-Aviv X-1, originates dagli États-Unis, whose demonym comes from americans. Il-Ethnic group of the United States is White American.
Aerfort Ardmore (New Zealand) is located in Auckland. 
Austria, where Austrian German is the language spoken, comes from.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987, is located in Pacific Grove, California. It was aggiunto al March 27th 1987 a San Francisco. 
L'Alan B. Miller Hall, Virginia, a Mason School of Business in the United States, was designed by Robert A M Stern and currently tenants de l'American School Of Business which is located in Virginia. 
The South Jersey Transportation Authority has Stephen Dilts as its Chief., Sidney Diltts is the chief of the South New Jersey transport authority, which was a vice-president dei St. Patricks.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc. located in the U.S., where AIDAluna was powered by l'Appletu., Dul-Pháirt dei contrôleur IATAluna (led by Douglas ROberhelmnan).
Alan Bean, a US national, was born in Wheeler, Texas. He served as an Apollo 12 crew member of NASA and operated by NASA.
Abilene, Texas a part of Texas, in the United States. Austin is the capital de Texas and its language is Spanish.
Arròs negre, a grantur de Catalonia, in Spain. Il y contains Cephalopod ink and is an ingredient of white rice, cuttlefish or squid,cephalopod Ink, cubanelle peppers.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press, in the United States., Osgo Press is a food found in U.S. Saou Press (United States).
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages, ISBN number 0-439-92550-9., The book Alcatraz Versu'l Fiction Libraryans is 39-92550-9. It has 32 pages.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Singapore, Singapore. Y'y are an ethnic group of Java including Baduy and Indonesia. 
L'Istituto diטכנולוגיta Acharya, which was established in 2000, is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. L'Industy India - India. J. G. P. Prabhukumar and its director is Dr.
Abilene, Texas is part of Texas, in the U.S. where Washington D.C. is the capital. It is within the United States whose capital is Washington DC. 
Sandesh (confectionery) is a type of dessert. Bionico comes from Mexico, where Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader. Sandesh can be varied by sandesh. 
Hypermarcas, located in Sao Paulo, is a food found in São Paulo. It produce drugs and comes from Droges. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico, located in the United States, is led by Don Tripp. Il y compris le Nuen Mexico House of Representatives, partly a governed byDon Trippi. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay, where Tabaré Vázquez is a leader. 
A Wizard of Mars, which was written by Diane Duane, has an OCLC number 308475413]., Dian Deane is the author of A wizard de Mars (or ISBN number: 364575413).
Hypermarcas, a São Paulo, was founded on 1st January 2001, and is located in Sao Paulo. Mantecorp is an subsidiary of Hypermarcais which has made its foundation on 01-01-19 2001., Ferced on Jan 1, 2001 f'Airbenjas o San Paulo (Sao Paulo).
Ajoblanco's main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil.
L'Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda, is 159 metres above sea level. Icolo e Bengo situated in Ícolo-e Beno, part of Lavanda Province, Angola. Il y compris 159 km/h.
Akeem Ayers formerly played for the St. Louis Rams, which were based in St-Louis. He made his debut with the Tennessee Titans. 
Georgia (U.S.) is a country in the United States.   Georgia (US) comes from the US.
At Austin is the capital of Texas, where Andrews County Airport is located., Andrews Town Airport can be found in Texas (capital Austin).
Baymax, a character in Big Hero 6 (film) was created by Steven T Seagle and Scott Adsit. Duncan Rouleau is an American. J.R.D.Y.L.J.I.S.F.
Airey Neave a service was started in 1935.  Airey Niave's service began en 1935.
Anders Osborne was signed to Shanachie Records and is recorded by Shani Records label.,  Anders Odissesborne has been jointly associated with Shanai Records, binji Records.
Vegetables are an ingredient in Batchoy, a type of ingredient. 
Angola, Indiana is a part of Steuben County in Indiana. In the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups., L'Albany americans live in the U.S. which includes an ethno group de Asia-Americans.
L'AMC Matador, a complément de Thames, New Zealand, can be assembled in Thame, N.Z.A. and has an AMC V8 engine.
Rome is the capital of Italy where Arrabbiata sauce can be found.  Arrabbiata salsa comes from Italy, which has Rome as its capital.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad, operated by the U.S.A.F., a transport aircraft including Lockheed AC-130 et Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
Ajoblanco s'est found in Spain, where Felipe VI is a leader. Ajoblanco originates from Spain. Il y compris le Spanish language and l'euro are the currency.
Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk Monument in Izmir (Izmir). 
William Anders, who was born on 17 October 1933 in British Hong Kong. He became a crew member of Apollo 8.
L-ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and White Americans are an ethnic group. L-At St- Spangled Banner deviennent all-Americans.
Lancia Thema is a related means of transport to the Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Arese, and Fiat Croma., The Alfa-Rome 164 (appartenant all'Erse) y are relatives types de transport such as le Lancia Mita et Liancia Synta.
Aaron Turner, a genre of Drone music, plays with the band Twilight and Greymachine. He is associated with an stylist drone music., Blackmachine musician Igor Turner has played with Blackmachine as well as Elliot.
Asam pedas, complémentairement known as Asam pemeh, is a food from Sumatra and Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. Il y contains fish cooked in sour and hot sauce., The main ingredients are fish cuisined in sea-et-choc sórt deb'eas maum Pedas can be found in the region Sumatra and Mulata.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was written by David Weber, is preceded by 1634. The Baltic War and it was followed by Ring of Fire II in English. 
L'American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., was first published in 1878 and has an ISSN number 1080-6377., Am.J.Math. (abbrm.j. math.) is the official publication of the American Journal on 1878.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka., L'Harri Lanka is situated in the region of Aspara District and it comes from Sri Lanca.
Stuart Parker played football for Bury FC. 
Adisham Hall, architectural style Tudor Revival, is located in Sri Lanka. It was completed in 1927 and it commenced in 1931. 
Allen Forrest, a solo singer, was born in Fort Campbell, KY, and raised in Dothan, AL. He became solo singer.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes. 
Massimo Drago played for S.S. Chieti Calcio and he plays for the club B.J.Chieti FC. 
Richard A. Teague, employed by General Motors, is a designer of the AMC Matador which was designed by Richard A Taague., L'Abraham Général Motors devrait mettere in place l'AMCMatador (led by Charles A Tuague).
The memorial Turkish Martyrs' Memorial in Baku is located in Azerbaijan. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, operated by ENAIRE, is 610.0 metres above sea level. Its runway name is 14L/32R and it has a length of 4349.0.
The AIDAluna began his career on 22nd March 2009., L'Aidaluna fought on 23rd March 2009, and became active in 2014.
Albuquerque, New Mexico - part of the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. Among the ethnic groups in the U.S. are Native Americans and became among its leaders.
L-At l-altitude de 973.0 metres above sea level, Andrews County Airport has a 4th runway surface type of asfalt. It is situated in an elevation of 973,0 km/h. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, and died 28 February 1966 in St. Louis.
Abilene, Texas, a part of Jones County (Texas), in the U.S. Abilen is l-part of Texas and serves la city de Abilenne. Its runway length is 2194.0.
At serves the city of Athens, a runway length of 3800.0. It is 38000.0 long. 
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996. It has 600 students and is led by the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland, a country where its leader is federal chancellor. 
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a American, was born in Connecticut and died in New York City. He worked as the U.S. Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare., B'American Abraham A
Il-President Azerbaijan is an tArd-Aire, a bhfuil sé margadh de réir red granite agus white marble. Huseyin Butuner et Hilmi Guner é l'ormheas maidir le soldats an Aontais arna uccidere in feidhmiú ar feadh Bakou., L-Réigiún Turkmenistan Turkish Martyrs hailsíodh in Azerbaïdjan amhail Ard-
Lee County, Alabama is in Ohio., Le County Lee (Alabama) is situated in the state of Aula.
L'Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, Aleksey Chirikov, a length of 99.83 and it was built in Finland, Finland. L'arrivée dei l'Arctique Helsinki Boatyard (Finland). Il y contains 21.2 m long an icebreaker Jugoslavique; j'était 94.83 km/h.
11/29 is the name of runway at Andrews County Airport. The 11/29 can be known as l'atterrissage-AtAndrews.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, a led by the European Parliament. It is governed by an europarlamentare.
Alan Shepard died on 21st July 1998 in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator. Il soggiorno deb't Alan Hepard (died on 7rd juillet 1998).
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont. He served as a member of the Whig Party (United States) which is led by Daniel Webster.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, where Lockheed AC-130 and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon are an aircraft fighter. It was fought at the bombing of Libya in 1986. 
Cármen Lúcua - the leader of Brazil, which is led by Cárman Lujua. 
Anders Osborne, a Rhythm and blues musician, is signed to Rabadash Records. Anders Osborn plays rhythm and Blues music and has been recorded by Rajadash Record label.
Poaceae, a division of flowering plants, is l'ordine Commelinids. La seconde runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) devait être made in poaceae and class Monocotyledon. Il y compris Poaceae who are categorised as an order commelinid.
The Acura TLX, which was manufactured by Honda, has a Honda J engine., L'Acura TCLX (whose is made from Honda) and hails an HondaJ engine.
Arrabbiata sauce, a raggiungimento dei chili peppers, come from Rome, Italy in Italy. 
Maengue is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which comes from New York, France. Il y compris le Meringue. 
Atlanta is a part of DeKalb County, Georgia, in the United States. Atlanta (in dekalb countn), Illinois., At Atlanta, Indiana, USA, s'occupyd by Atlanta.
Stuart Parker, who played football for Sparta Rotterdam, is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool. He was managed by a footballer (footballer) e he plays for Spagna Rotterdam. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is the leader. Thaw Malaysian people are an ethnic group of Banyumasan and its language is Standard Chinese.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv, Olympique Lyonnais, which has Jean-Michel Aulas as its chairman. Il y a footballer Aleksandre Groli is l'Olympique Liennais whose home ground is at the Parc Olympiaque (Lviv).
L'Audi A1, a type body style de Sedan, is assembled in Audi Brussels. It has 1.2 litres per l'automobile carrosserie. 
William Anders, a fighter pilot, was born in British Hong Kong on 17 October 1933. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. de 1962 and retired on 1st September 1969.
3Arena, designed by Populous, is located in Dublin, Dublin. It was completed in December 2008., The 3Arena (in Dublin), which was inaugurated in Decembre 2008, has been architected by an companyPopulous.
Aleksandra Kovač, a Rhythm and blues musician, is associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovac.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Clayton, Winnebago County in Wisconsin, United States. Greenville serves the city of Appleton International Airport, which can be found in Groenville (Wenniebago), Wisconsin.
Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman, a bananaman.  Bill Oddies stard in bananaman.
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982., Ayc-Wilder's birth date is 07.07.1982.
(66063) 1998 RO1, formerly known as 1999 SN5, has an epoch date of 4th July 2013. It has a escape velocity of 0.0999 km/s and an orbital period of 360.29 days. Its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres., 6663 1998 Ro1 (formally called 2000 SN5) has its époch on 3rd نيسان 2013 ed it has the 
Arem-arem contains banana leaf and is a food found in Indonesia, Indonesia. 
Stuart Parker, a footballer, whose manager is A.F.C. Blackpool, plays for Drogheda United FC and Runcorn F. C. Halton. He has been managed by Logan Parker (footballer), but he was attached to runcorn f.c. HALTON. 
Abel Hernández played for the Uruguay national football team. 
 Vica - the manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense. 
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has a LCCN number 32024459., Abneraus dem AktieschenSeminari derUniversitat Hamburg's ISSN number is 32029459.
Gabriela Michetti is a leader in Argentina, where Gabriela Mitchetti leads. 
L'Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House, which was constructed in 1911, is located on U.S. Route 83. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988.
Alexandria, Indiana has a total area of 6.81 sq km. It has an population density of 755.3 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Agra Airport is located in Agra, Agra. 
AFC Ajax (amateurs) is a member of 5000 and fought in the Hoofdklasse. In 2014, it has 5000 members. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16000 students, it has a staff size of 737.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a total area of 74.33 square kilometres. It has 1580.7 inhabitants per sq km and an area density of 1570.7 people per square kilometer.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, in California, where the San Francisco Bay Area and Spanish language is spoken., A Antioch comes from Contra Castro County (in California) a part de Monte-San Francisco bay area. L'Albany English is one of the languages used in that state.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versu the Scrivener's Bones., At a complément dei Alcotraz versus, the Labyrinth Bookans, and it was preceded by Albuquer Sprioc-Bones.
A.S Roma, a full name is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. which play in Serie A where Juventus F.C. and Juventus FC are champions. 
The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact factor of 1.37., L'American Journal de Mathematician has a impact Factor of 1.33.7.
Buzz Aldrin a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA and operates Apollo 11.
110 Lydia, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, has a rotation period of 323322.9., Lydia (w-Epoch: 31st December 2006.) has un poids de 39332.9 and an apogée de 31.12.2006.
1099 Figneria, a mass of 2.7 kilograms, has an epoch date 31 December 2006, and its orbital period is 179942000.0. Its periapsis is 349206000000.0.
John Roberts is a leader in the United States, where John Roberts and Bacon Explosion comes from. 
Il Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Turk Sehitleri Aniti are the native name of Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial. It was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Bako. Il y designed Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. 
(66391) 1999 KW4, a density of 2.0 g/cubic centimeter, has an epoch date 14th July 2004. Its orbital period is 16244700.0 and its apoapsis was 162164091.8388 (kilometres).
K-W United FC played for the Premier Development League which has been champions by K-w United Football. 
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al-Zawra'a SC and is a member of the Shabab Al Or-Ordon Club.
The final flight of the Antares rocket was on 28th October 2014 and it had its final voyage on 28, 2014.
Aaron Turner played avant-garde metal music and performs avant garde metal. 
 Trenton, New Jersey is a capital of new Jersey. 
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova., Adirryel's birth place is Chișinî, Moldavia.
Il gouvernement flammish is the leader of the Flemish region, a country where it is led by. 
Bananaman broadcast by the BBC and starred Graeme Garden. Bananaman is a TV series that can be heard by Graem Garden.
John Roberts is a leader in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. Bacon Explosion comes from. John Roberts leads all'U.S.
Agustín Barboza was born on 5 May 1913 in Asunción, Paraguay., Agustin Gaboza (born 05/05/2005 in Assunción) is a member of the birthplace of Agustin Barboja, Asuncion, Argentina. 
T. S Thakur is a leader in India, where the bhajji can be found. In India's people are known as Indians. 
Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, Greece. He worked at the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism (Greece) and succeeded Makis Voridis. 
L'Acharya Institute of Technology, which was given to the All India Council for Technical Education, had its official school colour blue, white and orange. It was underd by all-Industy per l'Istruzione teicnologica al-Uttar Pradesh.
William Anders, a crew member of Apollo 8 where Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin became an backup pilot. William Anders retired on 1st September 1969.
Allen Forrest performs pop music., AlenForrest's genre is Pop music.
Baduy is an ethnic group in Java, where one of the populations are Badui. 
Aleksandra Kovač performs soul music., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovac is Soul music.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. Washington D.C. and English is the language spoken in the U.S. White Americans are one of the ethnic groups there. 
L'Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where the leaders are Artur Rashizade. Huseyin Butuner et Hilmi Guner and Humi Güner as an Memorial Turkish Martyrs.
Alberto Teisaire is a nationality in Argentina. 
Abel Hernandez, whose club is Peñarol, plays for U.S. Città di Palermo and poliziarol. 
Andrew Rayel, a member of Mark Sixma, is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and along with the musical artist Mark sixma.
Austin, Texas is a part of Texas, in the United States. Austin originates from the U.S.A.
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. In which English is the language spoken, b'Ethnic group in the U.S. B'Barack Obama as president.
1099 Figneria has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres, an average speed of 16.37 km per sec., (1099) FC Geria's massima speed is 16 37 km/s, and it has amapasis de 565718000,0 (kilometres).
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, nicknamed Asa Gigante, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions. 
Appleton International Airport serves Appleton, Wisconsin (part of Grand Chute), Wisconsin., L'Atroport international appleton is served by Appletone in Wisconsin, part of gran Chte, Winston.
Abdul Taib Mahmud attended the University of Adelaide., Abraham Taïb Mahmoud attende l'Université di Adige. 
Stanislaw Tillich is a leader in Germany, where Stanleyw Tilllich leads. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has a staff size of 737., L'école deffari-et-sociales at an Autunno Université, y have 737 academic staff.
Tarrant County, Texas is located in the United States.,  Tarrant Countain (Texas) comes from the U.S.A.
Abner played football for C.D. FAS and he plays for the club Abner. 
The Administrative Science Quarterly, abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q., has a coden code of ASCQAG and is as well as Admin.
The AIDAstella, a length of 253260.0 millimetres, was christened on 16 March 2013 and it is 253.26 mm long. 
Il sórt amatriciana is a grigione, guanciale, cheese, olive oil. It comes from the Lazio region in Italy. Il y compris granciale l'espèce can be found in it. 
John Buscema a was awarded the Eagle Award (comics).
The average speed of 1036 Ganymed is 16.86 km/s., (1036) Ganimed has a length of 16,86 kilometres per second and an amount of 168.6 kilometers per sec.
L'Alan B. Miller Hall, Virginia, owned by the College of William & Mary, whose chancellor was Robert Gates, and is located in Virginia. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died on 21st July 1998 in California. He became awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Méd., At an American Defense Service MILITAr Alan Sipard belonged to the US Navy along with a third grader de la Dejième Guerre mondiale. Awported from New
Alan Martin played football for Crewe Alexandra F.C. and plays for Alan Martin. 
Lars Løkke Rasmussen is a leader in Denmark, where Lars Lokke Rasussen leads. 
La Crosse, Wisconsin has a total area of 58.38., L'area totale de LaCrosse ( Wisconsin) is 58,38.
Baymax, a first appeared in film Big Hero 6 and Steven T Seagle. Duncan Rouleau et Steven Ta Sieagle were creators Baymax (film Big hero 6.)
Avocado is a member of the genus Persea. The Avocado comes from the genre persea.
Abilene, Texas - part of Texas, in the United States. Its runway has a length of 1121.0 and it is located 111.0 metres long. 
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and a number of members., As Almaar have 17023.
The OCLC number of Addiction (journal) is 37357194., Addiction Journal has the OACL number 27447000, or an UTC number 287297000.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18 November 1923. He died in California, but he won the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Méd.
Mauricio Macri - a leader in Argentina, where ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) comes from. La capitale is Buenos Aires.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where English is the language. 
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. A severed wasp can be found in Great Britain and an ethnic group there are Native Americans.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and has 3 000 members. 
3Arena located at East Link Bridge, is a 3Arena. 
John Cowper Powys a notable work was Wolf Solent. 
The Turkish Martyrs' Memorial in Baku, a red granite and white marble, was natively known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti. Its memorial is made of red Granite et white mosaic., Turkey ŞehitleriAniti are the traditional name of the Ataturk Atatürk martyrs.
Anderson, Indiana is a part of Adams Township, Madison County in Indiana, United States. In the U.S.A. Anderson (in Indiana), has Indianapolis as its capital.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cape Town is the capital and Asian South Africans are one of the ethnic groups. It is also home to south Africa which has its capital city. Ethnic groups include white Southafricans and White SouthAfricans.
Adonis Georgiadis, a Deputy of Konstantinos Mitsotakis, was born in Athens. Samaras fought in office during the reign of Aleksandros Venizelos and Antonis Samarais. Makis Voridis succeeded Adonis Gérard's successor when Anadis Samares became Prime Minister.
Al Anderson, a member of the band NRBQ, performs rock music. Rock music originated from Country music and originates from country music.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is the leader. A country's ethnic group is Black Canadians and its anthem is O Canada.
110 Lydia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006., Lydia, a labyrinthe density is 2006-12-31.
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ottawa, in the United States. Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group from the U.S.
Jerry Ordway, a American, was created by Bibbo Bibbowski., Jen-Américain JerryOrdway is an American and his creator bioBo Bibba Bibbgowski.
A.S. Roma, which play in Serie A, has their ground at Rome, Italy., AS Roma's ground isRome (Italie), where AS Roma competed football team.
Akeem Adams played for United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is Palo Seco, where Thomas Doll and Gábor Kubatov are a chairman. He plays for Ferencvarosi TC which was managed byThomas Doll.
Elliot See, a decatastrophe in St. Louis, was born in Dallas, Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died on 28 February 1966 su St Louis.
The Antares rocket, manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, has a diametre of 3.9 metres. It was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and its maiden flight on 28th October 2014., L'Antares (missil) which is 3.9m in diameter, it was manufatted by Shuji Defence Office Yawnofoye. J'y deduced his initial voyage on 18
Albert B. White, who died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, was succeeded by William M O Dawson and a successor of Albert J.B.White.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Ohio., The Auburn (Alabama) is جزءا d'Alabama.
Lancia Thema is a related means of transport to the Alfa Romeo 164. 
Rhythm and blues musician Anders Osborne, a Rhythm & blues artist, is associated with Tab Benoit. He began his musical career in 1989. J'assisted by the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars Billy Iuso et TabBenoit; he became active in 1988. 
Allen Forrest, a solo singer, is sfrend pop music. AllenForrest's genre is Pop music and his background is solo singer. 
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, where the capital city is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and Tamil language is Tamil., Alisham Hall was a haputala,Sri Lanka; it's governed by Thay Agrawaynepura Kutte, its capital c'est Sri Bandejawardenpura Koute.
Bhajji includes gram flour, vegetables and is a food found in the Karnataka region. Its main ingredients are gram fluor, fruits.
Roy D. Chapin Jr. - is a key person in the American Motors, whose successor was Eagle (automobile). L'AMC Matador devrait être manufactured by Chrysler and l'avrebbe succeeded by Eagle. 
Agustin Barboza, a solo singer, was born in Asunción, en Paraguay. Agustin Gaboza's genre is Guarania (music). Among its sequels are solo singes. 
The ALCO RS-3 has a four-stroke engine and s'il y rassembled. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia, Indonesia. Il y compris Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group of Malaysia. It includes fried chicken (squeezed) or smashed beef served with sambal.
Abel Caballero, a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, was born in Ponteareas, Spain. He worked as Minister of Transport and belonged to the Partie socialist-ouvriers.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, Java. Il y compris the main ingredients: Squeezed, or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985.
Akeem Dent, who was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 July 1987. He formerly played for the Houston Texans and is a member of his team. 
Albany, Georgia is led by the Mayor. The title of the leader of Albany in Georgia (led by Maggiore).
Arrabbiata sórt arrabbiata comes from Rome, Italy in Italy. Garlic is one of its ingredients and it can be found in Rome. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States, where English is the language and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. L'Albacuerque (New Mexico) comes from the U.S. A.L.A. et l'English is spoken.
The AMC Matador, a full-size car, is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria. It has an alternative name VAM Classic and l'AMC straight-6 engine. 
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, Malaysia. 
Squid is an ingredient in Arròs negre, which has saquid as one of its ingredients. 
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ottawa, in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S. where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Il Memorial turco Martyrs' memorial, Baku, Azerbaijan, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Il y designed Hüseyin Butuner et Hilmi Guner and Türk Şehitleri Aniti., Al Turkmenistan Turkish Marriots (native name: Turk SehitleriAniti) a monument can be made from red granite and white marble, operated by Hü
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season. 
ENAIRE, l'Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport in San Sebastián de los Reyes, is operated by ENAIRE., L'Agraham Adolfo SuarezMadrid Barajas serves sa San Sebastian de Los Reye, en France, Spain.
Bananaman, a first aired on 3rd October 1983, was created by John Geering and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor. Bananaman last aird on 15 April 1986 in BBC. 
Dáil Éireann is a leader in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland. 3Arena s'est owned by Live Nation Entertainment and b'e'n live nation Entertainment.
Meyer Werft, l'AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere, whose parent company is Carnival Corporation & plc and operates AIDA Cruises. It was built by Meyer Werfl. L'Aidastella n'est propriétaire dei Costacrociere in Genoa. Il y serves part of the Indemnified Co.Carnivalcorporation & Splc.
L'Alan B Miller Hall, Virginia, which was completed on 1 June 2009, is located in the United States. L'American Mason School of Business are currently tenants de l'Anjuillet 2009.
(19255) 1994 VK8, a mass of 5.6 kg, has an epoch date 31 December 2006, and its orbital period is 8788850000.0, periapsis 6155910000000.0.
Akeem Ayers's position is linebacker., Jen backer, Jen Bayer (Seem Auyers).
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County in Indiana, United States. Its population density is 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and it has a total area of 4.14 sq km.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor. Amar Osim was the manager of Al Taïm. Il y formerly plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club. 
Celery is a member of the Apiaceae family, celery. Bakso is an ingredient in caryer Celery, whose genre is Apium., L'Apiaceae familia, Celry comes from Caryre (part of Araum).
 Dale Tallon - general manager of Florida Panthers, Dale tallon. 
Alfred Garth Jones, a married in Manchester, England, and died in London. 
Aaron Turner started performing in 1995. He is a post-metal musician and he was associated with Old Man Gloom (Band Twilight).
L'Aston Martin V8, aménagé in the United Kingdom, led by Elizabeth II. L'Albany II is la leader of the U.K. and was succeeded by Aston M. Virage (il y compris l'Alien II).
Hypermarcas, a pharmaceutical drugs found in Brazil, is located in Brasil., The Pesticides are an ingredient of Hypermarcais which comes from Brazil.
Lancia Thema is the Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy. It has a straight-four engine and an Saab 9000., The Alfa Arazzi 164 (assemblata inאיטליה) hails all'Istitut. Its marchandises are several types de transport tels que SaAb 9000 e Lancia Mitalonia.
Bionico e's dessert can be found in Mexico, where Enrique Peña Nieto and Spanish is the language. It comes from it. Is a type of dessert de bionico. Il y compris Honey as one of its ingredients.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst., is a discipline of Computer Science and it has an ISSN number 1558-2868., The Associazione לעסקים concerning information Systems (abbrv. adm. Adm.
Agnes Kant, a national dei Paesi Bass. He worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands where Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer are leaders.
Adenan Satem, a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu, was born in Kuching. He went to succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud, who fought in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo., Mae'r occupation japonaise bouddhiste Bouddho, Awjjah Taem; became his successor Abhjan Satema.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilenne, Texas, a part of Texas. 
250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo, New York. It was constructed on janvier 2014 and cost 110 million dollars as a total area of 30843.8 square metres.
A Long Long Way has an OCLC number 57392246 and an ISBN number 0-770-03380-4. It has the ISBN Number 0-670-0380-4.
L'Alaska Baked Alaska is a type of dessert. Il y compris Cookie and cookies can be considered as one of the desserts. 
Anders Osborne, a member of Tab Benoit, is associated with Billy Iuso and Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. He played for TabBenoit and Alfred Jussiissus. 
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is located in Italy, where Sergio Mattarella and Italians are a leaders. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas, Dallas. He died 28 February 1966 in St Louis.
Mae almond, jam, butter and eggs are the main ingredients of Bakewell pudding which was created in Rutland Arms (Bakewell) in 1820., Sae land Arms, bakkewell en 1820, is a part of ground almonds, Jam, burr, but uova.
Meyer Werft is located in Germany.
Adisham Hall, Haputale, Sri Lanka, where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and its currency is shri Lankan rupee. It is a location of Adisham Hall (Haputala), Sri Lanca. Il'y comprise Tamil language is Tamil.
Andra, a Rhythm and blues musician, is associated with Puya and CRBL. Andra's musical genre isRhythm & blues.
A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2., (A) wizard de Mars ha 5 pages, ISBN Number 0-20-15-206947-2 (ISBN number 0-204770-2).
Andrews, Texas is a county seat of Andrews.
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ottawa, in the United States. In which Americans are an ethnic group such as Asia-Americans. It is where Akron can be found.
1099 Figneria, a periapsis of 349206000000,0 and an epoch date 31 December 2006. It has l'empoisd 2006-12-31. 
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins.   109  Феביסs hails in 173 Kelvins, and its temperature is 17.0kelvins.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv, and FC Dinamo Batumi. He is a member of FC Dynamo Барimenti. 
L'Alhambra, which was launched on 31 May 1855, had a beam of 8.3m and an ship length of 8,3 m.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, Greece, in which is led by Alexis Tsipras. Is a part of l'arrivée dei ghréasán Atenes.
L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland, where Sauli Niinisto is a leader.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, a type of dessert. Ils include Cookie and cookies. 
Felipe Gozon is a key person in GMA New Media, l'entreprise parentielle dei GGMA Network. L'employeur clef-protagonist of which, is Felipe Goszon. 
Bill Marriott International is a key person in l'hôtel. 
GMA New Media, a mass media, produces mobile applications. L'industrie manufacturier de l'Agglomération mini-média, producing mobile apps. 
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada., Canada is the birth place of Aaron Bugaard.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. A loyal character dancer comes from the U.S. E.E. and a publisher dei Sigo Press.
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. (corporation), was founded on 1st January 2001, and has an net income of 108,600,000., The Hypermarcais, deb'd on 01-01-1901, is classed as sea-s.S. A. corporation, but has about $108,600,000.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom. It has a 5.3 litres density and an transportation related to the Dean Martin DBS.
L'American submarine NR-1, a length of 45000.0 millimetres, it was launched on 25th January 1969. Its top speed is 8.334 km/h and an beam de 3.8 m.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Samtredia. , is a member of the FC Aktiera Club and he also plays football for Affilia.
Aaron Turner started active in 1995. He is a member of the Lotus Eaters band and Old Man Gloom. His musical genre is électroacanique. E's musician, he began his career en 1995.
Anderson, Indiana is 268.0 metres above sea level. Anderson has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and it has an area code 765. Its total area is 107.43 sq km.
At 211 metres above sea level, Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines. It has a runway length of 2989.0 and an elevation density of 2959.0. 
Bionico, a type of dessert, comes from Guadalajara, in Mexico. Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico and it can be varied as Honey. 
3Arena located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland, is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. It is part of Dublin (République de Ireland).
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio a Ticino, Switzerland was established in 1996. Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland where it has 600 students. 
Dodge Coronet - alternative name of the 1955 Dodge, which can also be known as the Coortel. 
Alfons Gorbach, a married in Imst, County of Tyrol, f'Imst. He died in Graz. 
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Ohio in the U.S. Amarillo (part of Randall County), Texas, United States.
At 34.0 metres above sea level, Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a runway length of 518.0 and is made of poaceae. It has an elevation of 344.0 km/h u it's known as 07/25.
Alfons Gorbach, a married in Imst, Austria-Hungary, died in Styria. He was born in Ist; imst (Austria).
Anaheim, California - part of Orange County, New York, United States. Anaheim is led by the California State Assembly in California., Led by LdAt At Aldain en California (part of orange County) and Greater Los Angeles area.
101 Ukrop Way is the address of Alan B. Miller Hall, which was constructed on 30 March 2007 in 31 March 2007.
AIDA Cruises are located in Rostock.  The AIDAcrocis were based in rostock.
Akeem Ayers formerly played for the Tennessee Titans and was a draft pick of 39. He once started to play for 3rd round, but he went on to make 4th round. 
L'AMC Matador, a model year 1971, is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria. Il y compris un modèle of 1971 and l'Atador AMC Ambassador.
L'Aston Martin V8, a related means of transport to the Aston-Marriot RHAM/1, was succeeded by L'ASN Martin Virage. 
Anders Osborne, signed to Alligator Records, was recorded by alligator Record., Allligatorrecords is the record label of Anders Oborne and has worked on ALligator Music.
FC Tom Tomsk играет в Национальном футбольной лиге Russian Football National League. 
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is located in Italy.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, located in San Sebastian de los Reyes, has a runway length of 3500.0., Asroport Adolfo SuarezMadrid–Barrajas is situated at San Sebastián de Los Reyers, San Salvador de dos Reyens. It has an impasse height of 3500.
L-Ariane 5 a launch site of the Ariane 5 is ELA-3 located in Guiana Space Centre, France. L-Areane 5.
The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine and is where they have an Honda k engine. 
Buzz Aldrin is a nationality of the United States., A US Nationality Buzz Aldin was an American.
Alan Frew a performer rock music. Rock music originated from country music and folk music, it has its stylistic origins in Folk music.
L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, a built in Helsinki, Finland. L'Finland is led by Sauli Niinisto and Juha Sipilä.
Beef kway teow, a food found in Singapore and Indonesia, comes from Indonesia. It is an ingredient of oyster sauce and it originates from Malaysia. 
Aaron S. Daggett, a member of Maine, fought in the American Civil War and was awarded the Purple Heart. He died in West Roxbury.
Abel Caballero, a Spanish born in Spain, was in office while Felipe González and Juan Carlos I de Spáinn; Francisco Franco preceded f'Alfonso Franco.
103 Hera has a mass of 7.9 kgs, an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres. Its escape velocity is 0.0482 km per sec and it has an orbital de 0,0482 k.p.s.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in theinvasion of Panama. In Iraq, partly l'Operating organisation for Al-Asad.
Bionico, a food found in Jalisco, Mexico, is an ingredient in bionico. Il y contains raisins and it comes from Guadalisco en Mexico. 
Alberto Teisaire, a national dei Argentina, is l'Argentine. Il governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature and led by Gabriela Michetti. A Spanish language is spoken in Argentina.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Japan. It is situated in the Pháirge Jōta (Jōda).
Agnes Kant, a member of the House of Representatives in the Netherlands, was born Hessisch Oldendorf and attended Radboud University Nijmegen.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635: La Cannon Law. 
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California. He  authored 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which sequel to 1635: La Baltic War and preceded by 1632: L'Atlantic War. 
Anaheim, California is a member of the United States House of Representatives which is part of New York Congress. Anaheim can be found in California. English is spoken in the U.S. L.A.L.
Black metal is a genre of black metal. 
AZAL PFK located in Azerbaijan, where Qarabag FK are the champions. Is a home ground for AZAL Arena de l'Azerbaijan Premier League.
Alan Frew, a solo singer. He was born in Coatbridge, Newmarket (Ontario), Canada. J'était musician fils de newmarket en Ontario.
L'AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark, was designed by 3XN and tenant by Marriott International. It is located in Copenhagen (Danu), where the architect of AC Hotel Buona-Royal Copenhagen has l'architectural design on 3.XN. 
Gus Poyet, a member of Chelsea F.C., is in the Superleague Greece where Olympiacos FC are champions. Il y formerly managed AEK Athens FC. He also plays for Real Zaragoza.
Athens is the home ground of AEK Athens F.C., which play in the Superleague Greece and has 69618 members. 
Afrobeat is a fusion genre of Funk, which comes from Afrobeat. 
Luanda serves the city of Luanda. Iluania International Airport served by Lhuanda.
Mexicans live in Mexico, where one of the demonyms are Mexican.  Mexico is a commonly known as mexiciens.
Alfons Gorbach, a t-Austria-Hungary, died in Austria-Hongheria. Doris Bures is the leader of Austria. 
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, l'Istitut dean is Mario Botta. L'Académie ha 100 staff and it was located in the city Mendirjio (Switzerland).
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois., Illinois contains Chicago (part of Delaware County), Illinois.
Arlington, Texas is 184.0 metres above sea level and it is 185., The elevation of Arlington (Texas) is 1850 meters above sae level.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President. 
Chinabank, a company founded on 16 August 1920, has 5594 impieciens. Its net income is 15100000000 and it has 295 branches.,  Chinabank (founded in 16-16-1920) ha un revenue net density of 15,100,000,000, c'est 5,594 employants.
The ISSN number of AIP Advances is 2158]. It has an eissn number 2258.
The Guiana Space Centre has a headquarters in Kourou, Franco-Guana., L'héranespace Centre de Guana is located at Kouro, French Géana.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the largest city in Washtenaw County. Ann Orbit (Michigan).
L'Alan B. Miller Hall, Virginia, in the United States, includes current tenants l'American School of Business Mason and is located in Virginia. 
The Acura TLX has a 3.5 lm long engine. 
Bandeja paisa s'inscrit in the Antioquia Department of Colombia, Colombia. Bandeja paisa is a food found in this region.
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. In English language comes from Great Britain. A severed wasp originates from the U.S. E.C.
L'Angola International Airport which is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. It has a runway length of 4000.0.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born in Iraq, where Ahmad Kadhimi Assaad was originally a member. 
Anderson, Indiana is a part of Lafayette Township, Madison County in Indiana, United States. It is led by Indianapolis and has the capital city of Indiana. 
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Virginia DeMarce, is 512 pages. It has an ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 and it was published in E-Book., Virginia De Marce is the author of 1634 Rewlion (led by A-book) which has 511 pages.
Albennie Jones, a solo singer, was born in Errata,Mississippi. Albennie J's genre is jazz and his background is solo singing.
Alan Shepard, who retired on 1st August 1974, became a crew member of Apollo 14 and fought on Aug 1, 1974., At saisir on 01/08/1974, Alan Hepard belonged to Apollo 14.
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is Helipad. It has a key name at the airport.
Elliot See served as a test pilot and occupational pilot. 
Aarhus, where Jacob Bundsgaard is a leader, is the leader of Aarhus. 
Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army and fought in an American Revolutionary War. 
L-Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000 in Bangalore, India. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. L-D. G. P. Prabhukumar and its president is B.M Reddy.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia, u in the state of Georgia.,  Atlanta (part of Fuulton), east East East Georgia and Georgia.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas, Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna. He worked as Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria).
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II e became feidhmivement all'invasion.
Alan Frew performs rock music which originated from blues and folk music. Bhangra is a fusion genre of Rock music, it has its stylistic origins in Folk music and Blues.
The Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, Sri Lanca., Sri Lanka is the location of Alum Hospital alum.
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors., 600 people are a total area of 300 North LASalle.
Il Derbyshire Dales, a part of Bredshire. Il y includes shortcrust pastry and tart f'Bakewell pudding; it is comparable to Bakewell Pudding. It comes from the region de Delaware Dalees.
Alberto Teisaire, a national dei Argentina, is l'Argentine. He died in Buenos Aires, governed by the Spanish legislature and Horacio Rodríguez Larreta. Il y compris le spagnolo language.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, manufactured by Gruppo Bertone, l'Abarth is the constructing company. 
Jorge Orosmán da Silva - manager Peñarol. 
L'Alban is a leader in Azerbaijan, where the legislature is National Assembly. Is é an léiriú de chuid Ard-Uachtarán ar Azerbaïdjan (capital: Baku). Dedicated to soldats Ottoman Army killed in the Battle of Baku and Hüseyin Butuner agus Hilmi Guner. A musée turque turc Martyrs f'Albu; sa bhonn red granite ed white marble
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. Albany (Oregon) originates from the U.S. A.L.
Abel Caballero, a member of the Congress of Deputies, was born in Galicia (Spain), Spain. He worked as an Spanish Socialist Workers' Party and belonged to Membres du Congrès Deiridh. 
Akeem Ayers, a member of the New England Patriots, was born on 10th July 1989. He made his debut for the Tennessee Titans and he formerly played for new Englandpatriots. 
L-Agrat International Airport Ashgabat is 211 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 3800.0 and an elevation of 211 m long.
Arlington, a part of Tarrant County, Texas. Fort Worth and Houston are the largest city in Texas (capital Austin).
Alison O'Donnell commence active in 1963. 
Bhajji includes gram flour and autres fritters made from wheat or corn flouri. It is similar to Pakora et altri patisseries made of wagfoor bour., Bjjji, a complément dei gram fariner, comes from Awgre (wheat Or Corn Flour).
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B. Miller Hall, a l'Accademia dei Commercio. 
(410777) 2009 FD has a minimum temperature of 211.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres. It is 221.0 Kelvins. 
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula of Malaysia, where Kuala Lumpur is the capital. In Malaysian Indians are an ethnic group called Malaysiani. Asam Pedas comes from the Sumal-Peninsula de Malaysia. L'immense majorité di Malaysia y compris Lal Lumpur (capital).
Alex Day, a solo singer, performs Synthpop and originated from pop music. It is derived from house music and synthpop has its stylistic origins in Pop music.
Born 22nd September 1856, Albert B. White, died on 3rd July 1941 in Parkersburg, West Virginia., Albert b. white was born on 22.09.1906, 1857, and passed away on 7th June 1941 at Parkerburgo, west Virginia.
Alex Day, a musician électroniques, was born in London Borough of Havering. He is associated with Charlie McDonnell and Chameleon Circuit band. She began his career in 2006.
The RCA Records, which is distributed by Legacy Recordings, is part of the distribution company 'l'Atlantic Records'. 
Albany, Georgia is a part of the state of Georgia, in the United States. In which English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.,  Albany (Georgia) comes from the U.S., where english is spoken. Among the languages used include English.
Chicago, where Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago, United States. Il y trouve 300 North LaSalle i Chicago (United States).
Joe Biden is a leader of the United States, where Joe Bidean is one of its leaders. 
Anaheim, California has a area code 657., L'area code of Anaheim in California is 657.
Alan Bean served as a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA, where David Scott commanded. Au Alan Bean became part of the NASA's Apollo 12., David Scott passed away on Andrew Scott and fought in orbiter Apollo 12, which poteva commander Adam Scott.
Bhajji is a food found in Karnataka, India, where Sumitra Mahajan and Vajubhai Vala are leaders.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmor Row., Albucolo Row 103 is situated at Coldor Row.
Alkmaar Zaanstreek is a full name of AZ Alkmaar, which has 17023 members., At 16723 members are l'AlbKmaar Zanwys and they have 17023.
1099 Figneria has a escape velocity of 0.0155 km per sec., The celestial body known as 1099Fignerie is 0,0155 kilometres per second. 
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School in the Premier Development League, where K-W United FC are a champions. L-Olympia footballer Akron (w-S).
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, in Indiana. 
Bacon sandwiches bacon comes from the United Kingdom. It is also known as Bacon butty, macon sarnie, rasher Sandwich, baco sanger, piece-n-bacon, bocon cob, barm, bbocon muffin. L'ingrédients can be found in saskatchewan.
Aaron Bertram, a member of the Kids Imagine Nation and is associated with the Suburban Legends band. He plays pop music in Pop music.
Antioch, a part of Contra Costa County, California, in San Francisco Bay Area. Antioch is l'encion totale de 75.324 square kilometres and y compris an area of 75.33 sq km.
Andra, a solo singer, is simplement pop music. Andra's genre is Pop music and he has background as singer solo. 
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km/s and an apoapsis is 611961000.0 kilometres., (1036) Ganimed, a length of 16,86 kilometers per sec, had an améliosis 611960000.0 (kilometres).
Abraham A. Ribicoff a successor was Anthony J. Celebrezze., Anthony J Carvérezze succeeded Abraham A Riblicoff.
L'Université 1 Decembrie 1918 n'est situata in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is a Premier Minister. Tuttavia, tu as un patron saint Andrew l'Apostle, c'e't Germans de Romania. L'université 1, Decreto 1918 serait istituita dans la Roumanie. Il y compris le premier ministre Klaus Íohannis et j'ai bénéficier d'une organisation ethn
 Patrick McLoughlin is a leader of Derbyshire Dales, where Patrick Mcoughlins is the leader. 
At located in Spata, Athens International Airport is a location of Athens international airport. 
John Valor is an alternative name for the Black Pirate, which was created by Sheldon Moldoff. , Jen Valor comes from the black Pirate (or Jon Valor) a new name of otherwise known as John Valor.
Ahmet Ertegun, a Rhythm and blues musician, was born 1923 in Washington D.C. In the United States. He became an American whose background is non performing personnel.
Alvah Sabin served in Vermont, part of the Whig Party (United States) where Daniel Webster is a leader. Il y's largest city are Burlington and burlington.
L'erba almond, jam, butter and eggs are the main ingredients of Bakewell pudding, which is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales. Il y compris le tart f'Bakewell. L'arrivée dei diner Cakewell Pudding comes from it l'Albany-Daries.
E. Wells discovered 107 Camilla, a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres, has an epoch date 31 December 2006.
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, Denmark, is affiliated with the European University Association. It was established in 1928; it has 737 academic staff. Il y a student who are 16 000 תלמידs agus 16000 students. L'Université debba essere istituita 28 janv 1928.
A Loyal Character Dancer is a food found in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., has an ISSN number 1080-6377 and its discipline is mathématique. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the capital city is Cape Town. Cyril Ramaphosa and Asian South Africans are one of the ethnic groups., Led by Jill Ramafosa, south Africa (led by Ld-Cape Town).
Columbus Blue Jackets are located in Columbus, Ohio.  The Knights of New Jersey (Columbus) are situated in the city of Cleveland, U.O.
The German language is spoken in Belgium, a country where one of the languages used is German. 
Alessio Romagnoli played football for A.S. Roma, which play in Serie A and is a member of the youth team AS Roma. 
Alfred N. Phillips fought in the American Civil War and fecame a member of the United States Army. 
Airey Neave a was awarded the Territorial Decor Award. 
Alison O'Donnell, a jazz musician, is signed to the label Static Caravan Recordings and has funk as derivative.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. played for Florida Panthers and he plays for the football club.
Allan Shivers, a member of the Democratic Party in the United States, was born in Lufkin, Texas. He worked as Governor of Texas and his successor was Price Daniel. 
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and fought in Topklasse, 2014-15. It was a member of 5000 fans. 
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero, l'interoero. 
Akeem Adams played for Ferencvarosi TC, which was managed by Thomas Doll., Thomas Doll is the manager of Ferencvárosi T.F.R.C. a football club de Fcéfaraj-T.
Agnes Kant a worked in the House of Representatives in Netherlands. 
T. S Thakur is a leader in India, where T.S Thaktor is the leader. 
Agustin Barboza signed with Philips Records and is a record label of Philips Record., Agustín Barbozas, e's recording label Apollo Records, was Apple Records. 
L'IATA Antwerp International Airport, which is operated by the Flemish Government, is 12 metres above sea level. It is an elevation of 12.0 meters long and has a runway length of 600.0.
L-Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom, where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders. L-AIDS (journal) was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the U.K.
Akeem Adams played for United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is Palo Seco, a member of the Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team. He formerly has their home ground at Palo seco. 
Arem-arem is a region nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java., Mae più specific per Java and Arem arem comes from Indonesia.
Nis Voutsis - un leader in Greece, a country where Nikos Poutsis is the leader. 
Auburn, a part of King County, Washington, in the United States. It is where Auburn and Seattle are an largest city. Olympia is its capital.
L'AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in California, Peoria, Illinois. It has a power type of Aidaluna. 
(19255) 1994 VK8, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, has a periapsis de 6155910000.0 and an orbital period of 8788850000.0. It is 88895 kilometres per sec., The celestial body known as (19255) 94 VK8. Its époch was on 31st December 2006.It has poids in escape 0.0925 km/s; it has its orbitel period 878888500
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957 and died on 21st July 1998 in California. 
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia, where Jusufkola is the leader. 
Aaron Bertram started active in 1998., Abraham Bertra commence actively in1998.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire, United States. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died in California. A member of NASA in 1959.
Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on 28th October 2013, and it had its inauguration on 1998-09-28. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, Malaysia. It includes the main ingredients: Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
John van den Brom played football for Istanbulspor A.Ah.S. and is a manager of AZ Alkmaar, owned by Robert Eenhoorn. He also plays for AFC Ajax., Jen van de Brom (managed by Roberts Eindodo) while his club is Ankaraspor S.A.R.
Adenan Satem, a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu, was born in Sarawak. He attended University of Adelaide and his alma mater is Abdul Taib Mahmud. Demak Jaya, Journée Bako, Kuching (Sarawak).
Andrew Rayel, a member of Mark Sixma, is associated with Christian Burns., The musical artist Andrew Rayell, who was associated with the musician Mark sixma (Marxma).
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the community of Madrid, a municipality in Madrid. 
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, Brazil. 
B.V. Doshi e architects Amdavad ni Gufa are B. V.Doshi. 
109 Felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000.0 and '283645000000,0.
Trane, a company founded on 1st January 1913 in La Crosse Wisconsin. Trane has 29,000 impieciens and an operating income of $875,400,000. Its revenue is 10264000000, but it was foundd on 01-01-1913.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Artur Rashizade. Is é an tArd-Aire de l'Azerbaïdjan; i gceapprovisionned in the Ottoman Army soldats uccisi sa Battle of Baku. 
Ram Naik is a leader of Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. RamNaik hails l'arrivée d'Agra Airport. 
250 Delaware Avenue serves in the United States, where Paul Ryan is a president. L-U.S. are leaders known as l-Président. Il-Il-L-Paul Ryan and Washington D.C.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg, which was part of the American Civil War conflict. Abraham Lincoln is a commander in that war. 
AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, United States. It has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres and its time zone is the North American Eastern Time Zone., Democrat AmeriGas comes from King Perussia (Pennylvania) where it has an area totale de 833516.66 square kilometers. Its site is situated in the U.S.
Aaron Turner a black metal musician, is associated with the band Twilight. He plays Electric guitar and performs Black metal whose fusion genre is Death metal. 
N.R. Pogson, Nottingham, was born on 1st March 2001, and died in Chennai., Ni R Pggson (Nottingham) discovered 107 Camilla on 01/03/19 2001.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He served as a test pilot, while he deceased.
Elliot See graduated from University of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis on 28 February 1966. He served as a test pilot. Desidered attender Université Texas ad Austin, et he passed to St-Louis on 28, 1966.
A Severed Wasp, a print type, has an OCLC number 8805735 and an ISBN number 0-374-26131-8. It is available in print; it has the Labyrinthe of Congress Classification PS3523.E55 S4 1982. Its ISBN code is 0-676-51-8.
Aaron Turner, a member of Mamiffer, performs black metal music and singing. Death metal is an element of the fusion genre Black metal.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He passed away in Kuching and fought in Asajaya.
Gus Poyet played for AEK Athens F.C. and plays for the club Atatürk Athens FC. 
William Anders a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 8 where Frank Borman was commander. He retired on 1st September 1969. Buzz Aldrin is the backup pilot in Apollo 8.
B postcode area is Birmingham, where the postal code B is an area. 
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Vladimir Putin is a leader., Il-Ucraina, led by Viktor Putin, passed away in Russie, whose leaders are Vladimir Poutine. 
Abradab is associated with the musical artist Magik (rapper).
Alex Day performs Synthpop which has its stylistic origins in disco.
At -3.3528m above sea level, Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves Amsterdam. It has a runway length of 3500.0 and is 3.528.
Frank de Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax, which is managed by Frank De Boer. 
Duncan Rouleau, a American, was created by Duncan Rupeau. Il film is Big Hero 6 which starred Damon Wayans Jr.
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart which has frangipana. 
Sergio Mattarella e'r leader in Italy, where Italian is the language. Arrabbiata sauce comes from. 
Bananaman first aired on 3rd October 1983., Bananaman first launched in 1983 03/03/1983.
In the United Kingdom, where British people are an ethnic group. 
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy, where Italians are known as italians. L'arrabbiata sauce can be found in the region of Italy. La capitale dei paesi n'est Rome. Il y compris l'italiano, le risparmio di Roma.
L'Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Il y a led by Austin Fernando and Ranil Wickremesinghe are leaders. 
1099 Figneria, which has a temperature of 156.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres. Its escape velocity is 0.0155 km/s per second., The celestial body known as 1099 FCFeria (has evapority measurement: 0,0155 kps) and its temperatura is 15,6.0 Kelvins; it has ad apsis 515718000 kilometers.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989, a manitoba.
103 Hera, a periapsis of 371240000.0 kilometres, has an epoch date 27th August 2011, and it has its apocys 31 August 2011.
Noodles are an ingredient in Bakso which has niol as one of its ingredients. 
Rolando Maran, a member of A.C. Chievo Verona, was born in Italy. He played for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. and Carrarese Calcio.
Tom Lyle and Roger Stern created the comic character Blockbuster. 
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company on May 1950-August 1956. It has a V12 engine and is 17068.8 millimetres in length. 
Dan Mishkin created Bolt, commençant Paris Cullins and Paris Callins. L'alternative name for Bolt is Larry Bolatinsky. 
Batchoy comes from the Philippines, where Philippine Spanish is spoken and Zamboangans are one of the ethnic groups. Il y compris Chinese Filipino.
L-Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, India. It was established in 2000 and is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road (Birmingham - 560090). L-Istitut Deilt dei Teicneolaíochta J-Bangalore – 560090. Il-D. G. P. Prabhukumar operated in 2000.
At Amsterdam, where Eberhard van der Laan is a leader, is the home ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs) in Amsterdam., Eberhard van Der Laans is an Mayor of Amsterdam which hails l'AFC Airways (amatoris).
Al Asad airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. It is 610 metres above sea level and has an elevation of 618 feet. 
AFC Ajax, which has 53502 members, is owned by AFC A.V. and a total number of members are 53502.
L-Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in Illinois, United States, has Douglas R Oberhelman as a key person and its power type is the AIDAluna.
Carl A Wirtanen was the discoverer of (29075) 1950 DA.,  CarlA Wirtunen, a detective of 29075 (1950 DA).
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. where Akron (Ohio) is located. 
Mario Botta - Dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland. It has 600 students and its dean is Mario Botte. 
Alessio Romagnoli played football for UC Sampdoria and A.C. Milan, which has Siniša Mihajlović as its chairman, Silvio Berlusconi is a gestionnaire of AC Milan in Serie A.
L'American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., has an ISSN number 1080-6377 and its frequenze is bmonthly. It can be a monthly.
Bhajji, a hind India, has gram flour and vegetables. It is also known as Bhaji, bajji.
Agnes Kant, a member of the Socialist Party in Noord Germany, was born in West Germany. Agnes Kant attended Radboud University Nijmegen and worked as an Soviet Party (Netherlands).
Ducati is a subsidiary of Audi, which was manufactured by Audi. A1., At manufacturier Audi A1 degli Audi and Ducati are subsidiaries in Audi.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Finland, Finland. 
Adam Koc fought in World War I where Adam Koc was awarded Parasol as an Officer's Star. 
AmeriGas, a member of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, is located in the United States. It was founded on 4th July 1776 and has total area 9833516.63 square kilometres., Democrat AmeriGas comes from Queen of Perussia (Pennsylvanie) where it had its based on 04.07.1915.
Andrew Rayel, a Trance musician, originated from pop music and is associated with Jwaydan Moyine, John Digweed.
Il sandwich bacon is a variation of the BLT and it comes from the United Kingdom. Il y include condiments, un ingredient in saskatchewan Bacon which can be found in the UK. 
Alvah Sabin, a member of the Secretary of State Vermont, was born on 23rd octobre 1793 in Georgia. He worked as secrétaire de St.Vermont. 
Airey Neave, a Knightsbridge, fought in the Battle of France. He began his career on March 4th 1974 and fined on 30 May 1979. 
Albert Uderzo created Asterix, a comic book character, René Goscinny and Albert UDerzo. 
Auburn, a part of Pierce County, Washington, in the U.S. A.R. Auburn (part of King County), Washington; c'est l'État where Washington D.C. is the capital.
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by the Annellit Techsystems, which produces AGM-88 HARM. 
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena, which was designed by HOK SSVE. 
Greek is a language spoken in Greece, where they speak Greek. 
Alan Martin, who was born on 1st January 1989, has played football for Hamilton Academical F.C. and Crewe Alexandra FC., Born on 01/01/1989, Alan Martin is a footballer in the United Combattants f. C. Hamilton (FC). He formerly plays football team for Coupee Académical F.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain. It comes from and it can be heard by Asian Americans as an ethnic group.
Ajoblanco, a bread is an ingredient in Ajoblanco. It comes from Spain and it can be found in Spain. 
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Acura TLX has a 9 speed ZF 9HP automatic V6 transmission.  The Acura TCLX hails 9,9 speed Z7HP automaty V6) transmission.
Kelvin Mao is a alternative name for the comic character Ballistic, which was created by Doug Moench. 
Arròs negre is a granturque in the Valencian Community, where Ximo Puig and Felipe VI are leaders. Arròs Negre comes from the region of Laval, Spain. Il y compris Spanjaards et l'Alfonso VI de Spagna. 
Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States.  Saranac Lake (New York) is a part degli U.S.A.
Alison O'Donnell, a member of Plastik Mak, is associated with the band Head South By Weaving and head South by Weleave., Maessor Alisono' Donnell was associate with Plastic Mak and Co. S.S. A. J.Y.A.
Anders Osborne, a guitarist, is associated with Johnny Sansone. He was signed to Okeh Records and plays rock music. Bhangra is an genre of Rock music which can be part of the fusion genre bhangtra.
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC, has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres. 
Angola, Indiana is a country in the United States. In which English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. L'Angola (Indiana) originates from the U.S. where one of the languages spoken is English.
Binignit, a food found in Visayas, Philippines. Il contient dei coconut milk and sweet potatoes.
Ajo Blanco, a sequel to Ajoblanco, is alternatively known as Ajo blanco. 
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor. Il y formerly plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and are affiliated with Al Taïj al-Khor. 
Swords, Dublin is part of Dublin (Partie du Parlement Europeu). 
Ram Naik is a leader in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Bundelkhand. Il y rassemblent l'Udir-Ajd, oppure bénéficiet d'Afghanistan (Kheria Air Force Station).
L'Université 1 Decembrie 1918 s'inscrit in Alba Iulia, Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is a Premier Minister. L'université deistruzione 1, Deinverno 1918 f'appartient en Alba-Iulia (capital: Bucharest).
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders. 
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. (corporation) is l'entreprise de A.S.C. whose key person is managed by the CEO. 
The Alhambra a maiden voyage was on 7th July 1855. 
B.M Reddy - president of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India. It is located in Mumbai, india. 
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where Barack Obama leads. In English comes from Great Britain and Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
Amarillo, Texas is located in the United States., The country of Amarillo (Texas) comes from the U.S.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader. L'English language can be heard in Great Britain and l'African Americans are an ethnic group.
Ab Klink, a nationality in Stellendam, became an member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party. Mark Rutte is la leader dei Paesi Bassiens.
Aaron Deer is a musician Indie rock. He originated in Indiana, United States.
Agnes Kant, a national dei Paesi Bass. Marge Rutte and Emile Roemer are leaders of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands. Agnes Kant belonged to an Parliamentary group leader. Mr.R.E. R.L.
Hypermarcas, a company in Sao Paulo, hails 10252 employs. It has an revenue of 1800000000 and is located in São Paulo.
A Loyal Character Dancer has an ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3., The ISBN Number of the ISBN:1-56947-301-3.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is served by Amsterdam. 
Andra, a solo singing. Andra was born in Câmpia Turzii in 1986. Rhythm and blues is an genre of the singer Andra.
L'Irish National Park Service is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument in Frederick County, Maryland, United States. It was established on 11 July 1907 and categorised as districts historiques de l'United States.
1089 Tama, formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB. It has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 and its orbital period is 1202.846 days. Its apoapsis was 373513000.0 km., The escape velocity of 1099 Tama (formally called A920 HA1; 1927WB) is 0.0068 km/s, it has the edeast date on 26th November 2005. It had an orbitel period de 
Airey Neave, Knightsbridge, was born in  Knightbridge. He fought in World War II and fecame fusing in WWI. 
Chinabank, a public company, was founded on 16 August 1920 in Manila. It has 295 locations and its net income is 15,100,000,000.,  Chinabank (founded 08-16-1920) operates commençant l'Istitut tal-Manila; ha un revenue net density of 15100000000.
James Craig Watson, who originated from Canada, discovered 103 Hera., J'w'y founder James Craig (Watson) in Canada and was deceased by the state of Canada.
Born in Staten Island, New York, Albert Jennings Fountain, died in Doña Ana County, N.Mexique, U.S.
Jack Kirby created the comic character Balder., The comic book character, Balders, was designed by Jack KirBY and Jack kirby.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the U.S.T. Ta's system and died in St Louis.
L'AMC Matador, a model year 1974, was assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin. Il y includes an AMC Ambassador and is related to the militaire of transportation. 
An ingredient of a shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in the tart pudding Bakewell, where it can be varied. It comes from patisserie f'Bakewell Pudding., Pudding Cakewell (formiated by Shortcrust pasty) includes courtcrust patry.
Ayam penyet s'est a food found in Indonesia, Indonesia. Il y comprise Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group of Malaysia. Is évident quelqu'un d'entre eux haïm Penyet; it includes fritt fried chicken. It comes from Indonesia.
1097 Vicia has a mass of 9.8 kgs, an orbital period de 135589000.0, periapsis is 279142000000.0. Its epoch date was on 31 December 2006.
Ace Wilder's record label is EMI Records and has been signed to the label EMI Record., Ayc Aymétrique, whose label was EMIrecords, can be jointly published by Alim Records.
Ab Klink, a member of the House of Representatives, was born in Stellendam. He graduated from Leiden University and he represented Christian Democratic Appeal.
Alpena County Regional Airport serves the city of Alpena, Michigan. It is 210 metres above sea level and it has a runway length of 1533.0., L'alpin-Atéral arrondissement Alpena are situated in Maple Ridge Township, Zella County, Minnesota. L'arrivée degli Aetroport includes 211 meters al-dessus leibhéal.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where the legislature is National Assembly. Is é an tSaskatchewan de chuid Ard-Stiúrthóireachta Turicirs' Memorial maidir le Bakou., Roghnaigh l-Uachtarán ar Azerbaïdjan (capital: Baku) i gcomparáid leis an Aontais National Association. Ríocht na hÍsiltíre turchiars
Mae, ice cream, pudding or Christmas Pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska. It comes from Paris, New York ou Hong Kong, France, United States or China. Meringue is an ingredient in this country. 
 Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States. 
A Long Long Way has an ISBN number of 0-67-03380-4 and l'ISBN number 6-67-93380-4.
Trane, located in Swords, Dublin, Ireland, is a location in Ireland. 
1097 Vicia, a periapsis of 279142000000,0, has an apoapsis of 511592000.0 km. Its epoch date is 31 December 2006.,  1097 Viscia (ad hoc decembre 2006) has opossum feidhme 279142000000,0, it has bénéficied d'apopsis 5115990000.0 k.p.
William Anders e William Anders pilot was the backup pilot of Apollo 11. 
Julia Morgan, a New York born in California. She designed de multiples édifices concernant Chinatown, San Francisco and Riverside Art Museum. Hearst Castle is an important architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds.
Born in Stockholm on 23rd July 1982, Ace Wilder is a solo singer. He was born in Sweden on 07.07.1982.
103 Hera, which has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 km. Its escape velocity is 0.0482 kilometres per second and its evapority density is 0,0482 km/s.
1101 Clematis, a epoch date 31 December 2006, has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an apoapsis de 520906000.0 kilometres., 11 Clamatis (févr. 31 Decembre 2006) ha l'épopsia di 5209000.0 km/h, et it has ad hoc de 5354900,0 km.
AIDAluna, operated by AIDA Cruises, is located in Rostock and operates l'AIDA Luna. 
Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India, where Sumitra Mahjan leads. 
Tarō Asō is a leader in Japan, where the Japanese people are one of the ethnic groups. Akita Museum of Art was located in Adat, Awta, Jō Taō.
Aaron Turner is from Boston and Aaron Turry was born in Boston. 
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé started production in 1958.
Aleksandra Kovač is associated with Kornelije Kovac. 
The Olympique Lyonnais, which has a ground at the Parc Olimpique Liens, is located at an Olympiaque Lionnais. 
Arlington, Texas is part of Texas where English is the language and Arlington can be found. 
At 12 metres above sea level, l'aeroporto international Antwerp is operated by Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. It serves the city of Lussemburgo u it has a runway length of 600.0.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece.  The A. E dimitra Afxeinupolis was a member of the JEPSTH (Greece). 
Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis, a sport offered by the International Tennis Federation. It is affiliated with the Istituto Acharya in Technology., Travailler Governing Body (Federación Tennis Internationale).
Alberto Teisaire, a Rear-Ammiral, was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 5th 1891. He succeeded Isaac Rojas. 
Albany, Oregon has a total area of 45.97 square kilometres., Leny (Oregon) hails 45,97 square kilometers.
A.S. Roma played in Serie A 2014-15 / 2015.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California, where they were foundd. 
ENAIRE serves Alcobendas in Madrid, Spain. ENAIRE is l'Operating organisation for Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas which is situated in alcobendan, Andalusia. 
101 Helena, a average speed of 18.44 km/s, has an apoapsis of 441092000.0 kilometres., L'alfabet is 441920000.0 (kilometres) and its متوسط speed is 18,44 km per sec.
Walter Baade, a student of Gottingen, fought in the German Empire. He attended l'Université Göttingen. Il y compris Halton Arp and Allan Sandage.
Bacon sandwich is a food found in the United Kingdom, where ketchup and bacon or brown sauce are main ingredients. It can also be known as Bacon butty, baco sarnie, Rasher Sandwich, b'cong singer, piece 'n baקון, bocon cob (bacon barm).
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a married to Casey Ribcoff; was born in Chicago, Illinois. He worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare., Saordonnateur de Santé, Enseignement, et Waldorf, Abraham A'r Ribboff (in Chicago).
Asser Levy Public Baths, which were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980, are located at Asser Ley Place and East 23, East. Its reference number is 80002709. It was aggiunto al Registre Monumental Itinerario in 1980-04-23.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid, New York and Saranac Lake, N.Y. Régions Adirondack y are a part of Antarc Lake (New York). Its runway length is 1219.0.
The AMC Matador is a related means of transport to the AAFC Ambassador. 
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, is available in print. It has an ISBN number of978-1-4165-4253-7 and was published in Print., Virginia De Marce et EricFlint are the author of 1634:The Bavar Crisi (ISBN number 978-0-4165-433-7). It can be produced at print.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy in Italy. Tomato is an ingredient of Arrabbiata which can be found in Italian. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is a food found in India, where T. S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders. Amdavad NiGufa originates from India.
Airey Neave s'est debut on 30th June 1953. He ended his career on March 30, 1979. 
Asser Levy Public Baths, a 23rd Street (Manhattan), were constructed in 1904. Its reference number is 80002709 and it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23nd April 1980. It has an architecture style Romanesque Revival.
Agustin Barboza, a solo singer, was signed to Philips Records and is associated with Guarania music. Agustin Gaboza's musical genre is guarania. He has l'Albenc label Philip Records. 
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense, which is a stadio at Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, situated in Arapirica, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C., Sagremiacao Simplified ARApiracalanse (led by Aquipiraca), y played in the campeonato Brésil portent l'Estadio Municipal Coláracy
Agustin Barboza died in Asunción, gran Asuncion, Gran Asuntion, Paraguay. Juan Afara is a leader of Paraguai. 
3Arena a Dublin, part of the Republic of Ireland, is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. Críona Ní Dhálaigh leads Dublin (part of la Repubblica irlandais).
Aenir, a print format by Garth Nix, was written by garth nix. It has an ISBN number of 1-439-17684-0 and it is published in print., GarthNix authored Aenur (ISBN number: 0-4339-17734-0).
A Wizard of Mars, a hardcover, has an ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 and is available in Hardcover., The ISBN Number of A wizard de Mars (978-20-15-206947-2) is 978-20-4770-2.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville and during battles. 
L-Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore - 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students. In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road (Bangalore – 563380).
Trane, a subsidiary type, was founded in La Crosse Wisconsin, Wisconsin. Il's total area is 58.38 and it has an area of 58,38.
Austin, Texas has a population density of 1296.65 inhabitants per square kilometre and its area code 512 is 512. Its total area is 703.95 sq km.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez played for A.D. Isidro Metapan and he plays for AS IDRO Metapán. 
Tarō Aso - laissez-passer Japan, where Tarō Aō is a leader. 
Anderson, Indiana is part of Madison County, in Indiana, United States. Anderson, Illinois is situated in the U.S.A.
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Cold Harbor, which was part of the American Civil War. Robert E Lee is a commander in this war. 
Andra, a solo singer, was born in Romania in 1986. Rhythm and blues is an genre of Andra.
 1097 Vicia, a epoch date 31 December 2006, has an orbital period of 135589000.0., (107) Viscia (adjuillet 2006) had an apogée de 31.12.2006.
 Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark which has Copenhagen as its capital. 
Boris Johnson and Elizabeth II are leaders in the UK, where one of the currency is pound sterling. L'arrivée dei 20 Fenchurch Street f'est l'Inghilterra (capital: London).
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is signed to the RCA Records label. He plays Zamba as an art form and has l'ormonym CLC Records.
Alex Plante was born on May 9th 1989 in Brandon, Manitoba. He played for Anyang Halla and became a member of the clubAnyang halla. 
1099 Figneria has a mass of 2.7 kg., The mass for 1099Fignerie is 2.7 kilograms.
Cornell Big Red is the name of Cornell University, which has a nickname: CornellBig Red. 
Alex Plante has a hauteur of 1.9 Busch., The Humidité dei Alex Plantes is 1.93.04.2004.
107 Camilla, a epoch date of 31 December 2006, was discovered by N.R. Pogson and on became an Epoch 31st 2006.
Sergio Mattarella and Pietro Grasso are leaders in Italy, where Rome is the capital. Amatriciana sauce comes from. Is a traditional Italian which has Roma as its capital.
Aaron S Daggett won the Purple Heart and was awarded a Purple heart. 
Alfons Gorbach, a fought in Austria, and was in office while Adolf Schärf was president. 
The Alvis Speed 25 has a total clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox All-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle. It has an engine of 4387.0 (cintimetres)., Led by alvis speed 25 is 4387,0 cubic centimetres, transmission dei: single plate chajil, several
L-Aviation Force United States, which fought in the Korean War, operates Al Asad airbase. L-U.S. Air Force is l-équipage dei bagar Lockheed AC-130 and Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as well as McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle.
Abilene, Texas is part of Jones County, Ohio, in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S. which has Washington DC as its capital. 
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore, where they are known as Beef kway teow. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is simplement married to Zamba (artform).
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the City Administrator. It is a title of the leader in Ann-Arbor (Michigan).
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, is available in E-Book. It was published in format E book. 
