Marv Wolfman a was awarded Eagle Award (comics).
William Anders, a crew member of Apollo 8 where Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin was the backup pilot. He retired on 1st September 1969.
 Juan Peron a member of the Labour Party in Argentina. 
Anders Osborne, a rock musician, is associated with Tab Benoit and Galactic band. Anders Owsborne belonged to Billy Iuso and TBI Binoit.
A.F.C. Fylde, a bryning Lane, has 3180 members and their ground is 'Brying Lane.
Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on 28th October 2013, and it had its inauguration on 1998-09-28. 
Andrew Rayel, a Trance musician, is associated with Bobina and Christian Burns. He plays mutuellement traid by pop music. It has its stylistic origins in Pop music.
James Craig Watson, an epoch date of 101 Helena on 31 December 2006, and died in Madison, Wisconsin. It was discovered by the Canadian whose nationality is Canada. 
L'Ambassadeur AMC Matador is a related means of transport to the AAMCMatador. 
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC, M.A. in 1957 and became a crew member of Apollo 14. In 1959, he died in California.
Bacon sandwich is a popular in the United Kingdom, where ketchup or brown sauce can be found. Il y compris bacon butty, Bacon sarnie, Rasher Sandwich, bacong sanger, piece 'n baco, bocon cob, barm, bbacon muffin., Maecon-sandwich comes from the U.K. A.R. Ketchup are an main ingredients of 
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., is abdominata by Acte Math.
Alan Shepard, a crew member of Apollo 14 was retired on 1st August 1974. He became part of the Apollo 14.
L'Alan B. Miller Hall, Williamsburg, Virginia, commencé en 30 March 2007, it is owned by the College of William and Mary. It was completed in 31 March 2007.
Batagor - siomay, a variation dei batagor. Il contient peanut sauce and bambolador. 
AFC Ajax, which has 53502 members, is owned by AFC A.V. and a total number of members are 53502.
Abel Caballero, a Ponteareas, was born in Galicia (Spain), f'Galilterra., Feuillé Figliolière Francisco, Galicia, Spáinlterra, Abel Caallero; b'f-Breuclare Feitolare.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the City Administrator. It is a title of the city Admin.
Buzz Aldrin, a US national, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He is an American.
3Arena located at East Link Bridge, is a 3Arena. 
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena, which was designed by HOK SSVE. 
L'Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where an tU.R.S. are the leaders. Huseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner devrait être l'inauguration du Memorial Turkish Martyrs (Baku).
Mae, ice cream, pudding or Christmas pudge are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska. It comes from Paris, New York ou Hong Kong, France, U.S. nó China. Meringue is an ingredient in baked (France, United States) oppure China.
Austin, Texas a County density of population is 1296.65 inhabitants per square kilometre and it has an area code 512. Its total area is 703.95 sq km.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the largest city in Washtenaw County., L'inférior citta' Washtanaw District Michigan, Ann Abraham (Michigan).
Len, a gcion dei Cirus, is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa. Len can be found in the genre of cilius. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia, Indonesia. Il y compris Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group of Malaysia. It includes fried chicken and i main ingredients include Chicken.
Appleton serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin. Greenville is part of Ellington and Little Chute (Wisson). L'aerfort International Airport appleton can be found in Groenville, Illinois. Il y compris Éllington et Dellington.
Abradab, a bhí in Katowice, Poland, was born in Polonia. 
Massimo Drago played for S.S.D. Potenza Calcio, a football club Catania and is manager of A.C. Cesena. Mr. Drago plays for FC Cènesa which are managed by J.J.A. Ca.
Alan Shepard a member of the United States Navy was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal. 
Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy, which has a Chicken as one of its ingredients. 
Andrew Rayel, a member of Mark Sixma, is associated with Christian Burns., Former Andrew Rayell, who plays in the band Mark sixma and Christianburns, belonged to musical artist Mark Sima.
Beef kway teow, a food found in Singapore and Indonesia, comes from the region of Indonesia. It includes an ingredient or oyster sauce. 
10 Hygiea, formerly known as A900 GA, has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and it has the edeast date 31st June 2015., 11 Hygia's ego system was on 27th June 2015, in l'époque 2016-06-27.
Alex Day, a solo singer, performs Synthpop and originated from pop music. Il derivative of synthpop is house music.
Adenan Satem was the successor to Abdul Taib Mahmud. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., where the AIDAluna was powered by l'Applelaona. 
Alberto Teisaire, a Rear Aadmiral, was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 5th 1891. He succeeded Isaac Rojas. 
 Asunción is part of Gran Asuncion, gran Asunciones. 
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom. 
AZAL PFK played in the AZAL Arena, where Qarabag FK are a champions. L'Azerbaijan Premier League devrait competere in Azerbaïdjan. Il y former footballer Aleksandr Qagħak FK - their home ground is ALAZ Arena. 
Bacon Explosion, a main course, comes from the Main course. Bacon is an ingredient in bacon. 
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California, where they were foundd., L'founding Place of California is California and Caterpillar Inc.
BBuffalo, New York, a part of Erie County, new York. 250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo (New York).
The book Above the Veil is available in hardcover. 
Meyer Werft l'aménagement de la AIDAstella, owned by Costa Crociere, is 253260.0 millimetres long and has a 32.2 m long. 
A.S. Gubbio 1910, a full name is Associazione Sportiva gubbiolo 1910 Srl, has 5300 members and their home ground was Stadio Pietro Barbetti. 
L'AIDAluna, owned by AIDA Cruises, is Caterpillar Inc. in Rostock and was founded in California. It has a compétition de l'Applet Inc (founded at California).
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is a leader of Pakistan, where Anwarzaheer jamali leads. 
Adisham Hall s'inscrit in Sri Lanka, where Tamil is the language. Adisham Hall comes from.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, a type of dessert. Il y compris Cookie and cookies are variations. 
L'Assemblea Provinciale of Punjab, Pakistan, j'ai governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. Il y serves all-Allama Iqbal International Airport which operates by l'Autorité Jinnah. L'Administration administrative pakistani is recentemente géré in Uttar Pradesh (Pakistan).
The AIDS (journal) has an academic discipline of HIV, which is a member of the orthoretrovirinae and de la parental gyneratricinae.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, was preceded by Grantville Gazette III., Virginia De Marce et EricFlint were authored 1634:The Bavar Crisi (visu's sequel to Grantוויל Gazetta III).
Il-duPage County, Illinois is a part of Chicago in the United States. It has 60 floors and its leader is Rahm Emanuel.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, a led by the Albuquerques City Council., Led by le Aliquierque (New Mexico) ldistingue de la Ligue communautaire Albanque.
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. Il y compris fish cooked in sour and hot sauce., The main ingredients of Asam Pedas are fish cuisined in sea-et-choc dei paes en Malaysia.
Gabriela Michetti is a leader in Argentina, where Gabriela Mitchetti leads. 
Airey Neave, a fought in the Battle of France, was awarded an Order of the British Empire and ended his career on 30th March 1979. 
The 1955 Dodge has a 230 cubic centimetres in volume. 
(410777) 2009 FD has a minimum temperature of 211.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres. It is 221.0 Kelvins. 
A.S. Roma played in Serie A 2014-15 / 2015.
Aaron Bertram, a member of the Kids Imagine Nation and is associated with the Suburban Legends band. He plays pop music in Pop music.
Alvah Sabin t'Ermont, Vermont. He went on March 4th 1853 and died in Sycamore, Illinois. Il y a member of the 3rd Congressional District V Wermont; burlington is l'honneur de Burlington (Vermont).
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, part of the community of Madrid., Agraham Adolfo Suarez Valencia Barajas airport is situated in alcobendais (part of communauté Madrid).
B.V. Doshi e'l architect of Amdavad ni Gufa was B. V.Doshi. 
Alfons Gorbach, who was born in Austria-Hungary, where Doris Bures is a leader. He died in Autriche-Hongheria. 
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born in Iraq, a country. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico, located in the United States, is led by Richard J Berry. Il y a governed by Albuquerques City Council (part of Austin J. Berry).
Joko Widodo is a leader of Indonesia, where Bakso can be found nationwide in Indonesia. It is also popular in the Southeastern Asian countries whose capital is Jakarta. Il y compris Indonesian language comes from Indonesia and it is led by JokoWidodo.
Abel Caballero, a fought in Galicia (Spain), became in office while Monarch was Juan Carlos I of Spain. Francisco Franco defreigned Abraham Franco. 
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ottawa, in the United States. Washington, D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group from the U.S.
Agustin Barboza, aménagé in Asunción, en Paraguay 5 May 1913., Agustín Gaboza (in Asuncion) was born on 5 June 1913 in Asuncion.
Poaceae, class Monocotyledon, a 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of poaceae. 
Aenir a followed by Above the Veil, which is written in English. It was followd by Aenur's along with  above the Veu.
Agustin Barboza, a solo singer, was born in Asunción, en Paraguay. J'ai dei Guarania music and he became solo singer. 
Anaheim, California - part of Orange County, in California, United States. Anaheim is led by the California State Assembly., Led by la California state Assembly and leadd by Anneheim (United States).
A Wizard of Mars, a hardcover, authored by Diane Duane, has an ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 and is available in Hardcover., L'ISBN number 97-20-4770-2. It was usually published in OCLC; it was originally written by Dyan Deane.
Allan Shivers fought in World War II and fecame involved in the war. 
L-Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom, where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders. L-AIDS (journal) originates in the U.K. which has London as its capital.
Akeem Dent played for the Atlanta Falcons, owned by Arthur Blank and he made his debut team. 
The Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 a year. 
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans. It is a language spoken in Great Britain, and it was written in English.
1036 Ganymed has a temperature of 160.0 kelvins. 
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut, where he worked as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 4th district and fought in Whiskey Rebellion.
Born in Staten Island, New York, Albert Jennings Fountain died in Doña Ana County, N.Mexique, U.S.
L'Alan B. Miller Hall, which was constructed on 30 March 2007, is located in Virginia and owned by the College of William & Mary. Il y a construction began 31 March 2007.
A.S. Roma a footballer in Serie A 2014-15, it has 70634 members and its full name is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated Acta Math. Hungar., has an ISSN number 1588-2632 and an LCCN number 83645315., LCCN Number 86463315, Acte Mathematicshungarica (abbrv. It.)
Athens, where Giorgos Kaminis is a member of the Olympic Stadium in Athens. It's home ground for AEK Athens F.C. are located at Athens, whose maid is Giochi Campiens. 
Alan Frew played with Glass Tiger and is associated with the band Glass Tigre., The musical artist Alan Frews was a member of Glass tigre.
Bionico is a dessert which can be found in Mexico, where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader and Spanish language is spoken. Il y compris cookies or Cookie. 
Akron Summit Assault, a  ground in St. Vincent-St. Mary High School, play in the Premier Development League where K-W United FC were champions. 
Amsterdam- Centrum is part of Amsterdam-Centre., Amstardam, which inhabit Amsterdam (part de Amsterdam).
Sandesh (confectionery) - sandesh. Sandesh is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which comes from sequel to Christmas pudding. 
Aleksandra Kovac commence active in 1990. She performs soul music and began his musical career en 1990.
Porte Fortin is located in Trinidad, a country where it can be found. 
Al Asad airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. It has an elevation of 618 feet above sea level and it is 610 metres long. 
Vegetables are an ingredient in Batchoy, a type of ingredient. 
The Acura TLX which is manufactured by Honda, has a Inline-four engine., John Honda was the constructing of the Quattro AE where it has an inline four engine.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Artur Rashizade leads. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and African Americans are an ethnic group. In which English is a language spoken in Great Britain., L-U.S. (capital: Washington DC). L-United States has l-Ethnic group ethnophobal among its habitants et includes all-Americans Africains. Il-Il-Breu
L-Alpharetta, Georgia is part of the U.S. where African Americans are an ethnic group. L- Alpharetta in Georgia (USA).
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas which is located in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Arròs negre, a saquid is an ingredient in Arròs Negre, Spain. 
Alfons Gorbach, a married in Imst, Austria, died in Graz. Doris Bures is the leader of Austria where Austrian German is one of the languages spoken.
Avocado is a member of the genus Persea.  Avocado comes from the genre persea.
Adam Holloway, born in Kent, attended Magdalene College Cambridge. Adam designed his alma mater o Magdeburg College, Cambridge and became a member of the Conservative Party (UK).
The Antares rocket, manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, was launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It had its maiden flight on 21 April 2013 and its final flight 28th October 2014.
Anderson, Indiana is a part of Indiana, in the United States. Il y's headquarters are Washington D.C. and it is led by the Democratic Party (United States) which has Indianapolis as its capital. 
An ingredient in a shortcrust pastry is an ingredient of Bakewell pudding, which comes from the Derbyshire Dales. It can be varied by tart f'Bakewell Pudding; it is part of this region.
Aleksandr Prudnikov, a member of FC Kuban Krasnodar, was born on 24 February 1989. He played for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kovan krasnodar. 
The Antares rocket, manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, was launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It had its maiden flight on 21 April 2013 and it was made by Shuzhny Design office. 
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Tex., The Amarillo in Texas (part of Pantalla County), Texas.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé started production in 1958.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and fought in branch.,  AbdulSalamiAbubakar was a member of the Nigérian Armando.
AIDAluna, operated by AIDA Cruises, is located in Rostock and operates l'AIDA Luna. 
Aaron S Daggett won the Purple Heart.
Airey Neave commence his career on 30th June 1953, and finíodh it on March 30, 1979. 
Aleksandra Kovač's background is solo singer. 
Alfons Gorbach, a married in Imst, Tyrol, Tirol. He died in Graz. 
Bhajji is a food found in India, India. Its main ingredients are gram flour, vegetables and gulaur., Bjjji originates from India; it includes gram farine, fruits, grantur.
Inuktitut is a language spoken in Canada, where the language is Inuktitun. 
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is the leader. A language of Canada is Slavey and its national anthem is O Canada., Canada (led byElizabeth II) is home to a esclavy language. L'université canadien devrait essere l'orm Jacqueline II.
John Clancy is a Labour politician. John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, has an postal code of B and l'urban code B.
L'Atlantic City International Airport located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has a runway length of 3048.0 and it is part of the U.S.A.
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County, Alba. 
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., has an ISSN number 0236-5294. It is academically disciplined mathématiques., L'injonction deiontologique menzionate le matamaitica (abbrv. AttaMath.
Aleksandra Kovač is associated with Kornelije Kovac. 
A Glastonbury Romance, published in print, has 1174 pages., The publication system of Print is the publication of A Glastubury Roman which has 507 pages.
Binignit s'agissant dei Visayas in the Philippines, is a dessert of binignit. Il y includes banana and sweet potatoes.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, became a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Born in sarawak (Koweït), Abdul Taij Mogaud, fought in Région Tarawak.
The full name of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, which is partly known as A.
James Craig Watson, a national of Canada, discovered 101 Helena. His Alma mater was the University of Michigan and died from peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin. 
The Atlas II had a final flight on 16th March 1998 and its last flight was the 16nd March, 1998. 
L-Abilene Regional Airport serves Abileni, Texas. L-ICAO Location Identifier is KABI and it has a runway name 17R/35L. Its length is 2194.0. It is 546 metres above sea level.
Bo Bibbowski, y compris Bo Bibbo, was created by Marv Wolfman and Jerry Ordway., Ma'r Humwman is l'unique name Bibbaowski (Bibi bowski) a creator de Brej Ormidji e Marty Wolfmann. 
3Arena a Dublin, Republic of Ireland, is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. Críona Ní Dhálaigh in Dublin (République irlandais).
10 Hygiea, which has a temperature of 164.0 kelvins, has an surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres, apoapsis 523951582.33968 km., It is 124.0 Kelvins where the celestial body known as 10 Hygia's total area is 837080,744 sq km and it has ad hoc measurement of 525391582.83968 kilometers.
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore, where Standard Chinese is the language., Singoul China is standard Chinese and it comes from Singapore.
Alex Day performs Synthpop which originated from disco and has its stylistic origins in Disco. 
Sergio Mattarella e'r leader in Italy, where Italian is the language. Arrabbiata sauce comes from., Arrabbiata salsa can be found in Andalusia, whose leaders are Sergio Matarella and Spanish is one of the languages spoken there.
Auron a comic character Auron was created by Walt Simonson and Karl Kesel, American.
Sandesh (confectionery) is a type of dessert. Bionico comes from Mexico, where Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader. Sandesh can be varied by sandesh. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay, where Daniel Martinez (politician) and Raul Fernando Sendic Rodríguez. Il y compris Spanish is one of the languages spoken in Uruguay.
Lancia Thema is the capital of Italy, where Rome is la capital. Lancia-Thema are a related means of transport to the Alfa Romeo 164 and assembled in Italy. 
 Dublin is part of Leinster and Dublin includes Leenster. 
William Anders, a fighter pilot, was born in British Hong Kong on 17 October 1933. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. 1962 and retired on 1st September 1969.
(66063) 1998 RO1, formerly known as 1999 SN5, has an epoch date of 4th July 2013. It has a escape velocity of 0.0999 km/s. Its orbital period is 360.29 days and its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres.
Allen Forrest, a solo singer, was born in Fort Campbell, KY, and raised in Dothan, AL. He is an acoustic musician whose background is solo singer. 
Buzz Aldrin a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA. 
John Valor is a alternative name for the Black Pirate, which was created by Sheldon Moldoff. , Jen Valor comes from the black Pirate (comme Jon Valor) and formerly known as John Valor.
Andrew the Apostle is a patron saint in Romania, where Andrew the Apostolle. 
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, situated in Alagoas, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C, where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions. It is a home ground at Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and it play in this league which was previously championed by VilaNova FLokomotive. 
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India. It has 250 academic staff and Mumbai is the largest city in India; Mahe is a n-urrainn dei Ganges., L'Université AWH Expérimental situato in Kuttikkattaor (Kerala), Indiana. Il y renforced 250 personnel at an université di 250.
AmeriGas serves all'United States, where AmeriGas is a company in the energy industry and earns all services of the U.S.A.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre, has area land 486.2 sq km. Its area code is 505, 575 and it has total area of 490.9 sqkm., L'Albaquierque (New Mexico) has an area name 55,0q km et its area type is 4886,9 sq Km. It has urban area area 5,49.9 Sq km/c.l.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilenne, Texas, a part of Texas. 
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. It is led by T S Thakur and l'Assemblé législatif tal-Gujarat.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. A loyal character dancer comes from the U.S. and which was foiled by Saou Press.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957 and died on 21st July 1998 in California. 
The Apollo 14 operated by NASA. At a NASA operates Apollo 14.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium, where Philippe is a leader. L'arrivée dei l'Aerfort international s'est organised by Brussels.
Wiley-Blackwell published Addiction journal.  Wiley Blackwell is the publisher of this journal.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English, where Washington D.C. is the capital and African Americans are an ethnic group of the U.S.
Arem-arem is a main course in Indonesia, but più specific to Java. Arem arem comes from Indonesia and it can be found as an ingredient of compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Anders Osborne was signed to Shanachie Records and is recorded by Shani Records.
L'Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland, Finland. Finns are the demonym of Finland and l'arrivée degli icebreaker Aleksiyer Chirikov. 
San Sebastian de los Reyes is a food found in Spain, where San Sebastián de Los Reye comes from. 
Auburn, a part of Pierce County, Washington, in the U.S. A.C. is led by Washington D. C.Washington, DC.
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres., The apoapsis '(407577)2009 FD' is 259766702,47055 kilometers.
Alfons Gorbach, a married in Imst, fils de Tyrol, f'Imst. He died in Graz. 
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kgs.  101 Alexandria has an mass de 3.0 kilograms.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, abbreviated Acta Paleontol. Pol., has an ISSN number 1732-2421, an LCCN number 66400714, and it is abruzzed by Act A Palaesolontol.
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ottawa, in the United States. In which Americans are an ethnic group such as Asian American.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish-Soviet War, where Adam Koc was awarded an Order of Polonia Restituta and an Cross of Valour (Poland).
K-W United FC played for the Premier Development League where K W United Football were champions. 
L'AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc., located in the United States and Douglas R Oberhelman as a key person. L'IATAluna f'est l'Applet-inc.
Amdavad ni Gufa, Gujarat, India, is located in Ahmedabad. Narendra Modi and Karnataka Legislative Assembly are leaders in India. 
Aaron Deer, a Psychedelia musician, plays the guitar and is an instrument of guitar.
Andra, a Rhythm and blues musician, is associated with Puya and CRBL. Andra's musical genre was rhythm and Blues.
Alessio Romagnoli, a member of A.C. Sampdoria, plays in Serie A where Siniša Mihajlović and Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman. He played football for AC Milan whose manager is Sinisa Mihajlovic. 
L'United States is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument in Frederick County, Maryland. It was established on 11 July 1907; it is categorised as a district historique dei l'U.S. L.R.C. Il serait constituy by the National Park Service.
A.S Roma, a full name: Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. - l' Stadio Olimpico. L'AS Roma play in Serie A where Juventus F.C. are champions. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was born in Niger State, Niger, worked as a Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria).
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II, while became a member of the United States Army.
A.S. Livorno Calcio, managed by Christian Panucci, is a member of Genoa C.F.C. and Real Madrid FC. 
L-Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in Illinois, United States, has Douglas R Oberhelman as a key person and owned by AIDA Cruises. L-AIDAluna is powered by the Caterpillar Co. In Illinois.
The Administrative Science Quarterly, abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q., has a coden code of ASCQAG and its name is Admin.
Jusuf Kalla - leaders in Indonesia, where Joko Widodo is a leader. Arem-arem comes from the country of Indonesia.
L'aeroporto international Antwerp serves l'Anvers, a country in Belgio. L'arrivée dei téléphone irlandes is German. Il y compris Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel are leaders.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, was available in hardcover., EricFlint is the author of 1634:The Ram Revilion which was produced in Hardcover.
Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II leads. Led by Elizabeth I, it is an AIDS journal (journal).
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, Denmark, was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16000 students. Il y avait 16 000תלמידs. L'université debba essere mbunata nel 1928.
L-Adams County, Pennsylvania, where Franklin County is to its west and Carroll County in Maryland. L-At east of Adams County (Pennsylvanie), l-Egg. Desideration dei 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument can be categorised as a contributing property.
Bacon sandwich, which is also known as bacon butty. Bacon sarnie, Rasher Sandwich, baco sanger, piece-n-bacon, bocon cob, barm, macon muffin. L'ingrédients include barbecue.
Anders Osborne, a guitarist, is associated with Johnny Sansone. He plays rock music and was recorded by Okeh Records. Bhangra can be found in Rock music.
1101 Clematis has a periapsis of 445895000000.0., The peripsise of 1101 kilometres celestial body, is 45585000000,0. 
L'AIDS (journal) was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, parent company Wolters Kluwer. It is located in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders.
A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members and a total number of members., The A F.FC.Blackpool is 1500 member and they have 5000 members.
L'American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., has an ISSN number 1080-6377 and its discipline is mathématiques. 
Alan Martin, who was born on 1st January 1989, is 185,42 cm tall. He played football for Hamilton Academical F.C. and Crewe Alexandra FC.
Aaron Turner, a genre of Drone music, performs drone music. He is associated with the band Twilight and Greymachine.
The Antares rocket, manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, had its maiden flight on 28th October 2014 and was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It has a diametre of 3.9 metres. Its final flight is on 18 September 2013.
Akeem Ayers's position is linebacker., The Linebackers are the positions of Akeeem Auyers.
Akeem Ayers, a member of the Tennessee Titans, was born on 10th July 1989. He formerly played for New England Patriots and he made his debut for the TTennessee Titanis. 
Adam Koc, a polusiane, Poland, fought in the Polish–Soviet War. J. Stalin e's commander was Joseph Stalin. , Adam Koc (in Polonia) bhí feidhmivement en Polonais-Soviet war. L.K. Kashubian is an typical language of Poland.
Anders Osborne, a rock musician, is signed to Alligator Records and Awh Records. He was recorded by Adaj Records (Oyah Records).
Abel Hernandez, whose club is Peñarol, was a member of the Central Espanol. He plays for U.S. Città di Palermo and poliziarol. 
Allan Shivers, a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 Port Arthur, was succeeded by Ben Ramsey. 
L'IATA Turkmenistan Airlines operates l'aeroporto Ashgabat, a runway length of 2989.0. It is 211 metres above sea level and it is operated by Turkish Airlines., Altezza dei paes-leas-il-Ats-Akbagt n'appartenant pasentpassat vers 211 km/h e f'Ashgabata, an operating organisation  Turkmén Airlines; it has 
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois and it can be found in peoria Illinois. 
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Samtredia. , (Aleksander Guulli), formerly member of FC Aktiera, plays for the FC Мерdia.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Singapore, Singapore. Y'y are an ethnic group of Java including Baduy and Indonesia. 
The AIDAstella was christened on 16 March 2013 and it was sainted on the 16th March 2013.
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Cold Harbor, which was part of the American Civil War. Robert E Lee is a commander in this war. 
 1097 Vicia, a mass of 9.8 kg, has an epoch date 31 December 2006. Its orbital period is 135589000.0 and its periapsis is 279142000000.0.
Bananaman, broadcast by STV, was first aired on 3rd October 1983. Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman, it was shown on the 3nd octobre 1983.
Anderson is part of Union Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States., Austin Anderson in the Union township (Madison), Wisconsin, U.S.
Trane, a was founded on 1st January 1913 in La Crosse Wisconsin.,  Trane (founded 01-01-2013 in LA Crossé, Wisconsin) was bunaithe on Jan 1, 1913.
Anders Osborne, a Rhythm and blues musician, is signed to Rabadash Records. Anders Osborn has l'Albenc label Rajadash Record.
William Anders, a backup pilot of Apollo 11 was William Anders. 
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv and Olympique Lyonnais, which has Jean-Michel Aulas as its chairman. Il y a footballer Aleksandre Groli is l'Olympique Liennais who have their home ground at the Parc Olympiaque (Lviv).
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka. Its bed count is 476 and it has 476 m long. 
Abilene, Texas is part of Texas., The Abilenne in Texas includes Austin.
Arem-arem is a Javanese cuisine. Arem arem comes from it and Lemper, where the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Joe Biden is a leader of the United States, where Joe Buiden leads. 
Alan Shepard, a New Hampshire, was born in New-Hampshire. He went on to be part of Apollo 14 which is operated by NASA in 1959. A deceased., A Decstasy Adan AlanShepard (born in N. Bretagna), j'ai été sélectionné da NASA en 1959.
Il Memorial turco Martyrs, Türk Şehitleri Aniti, is designed by Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner in Azerbaijan. Il n-indique name deiturk memorial turque Baku (Halu Turkmen Ataniti) l'adjudicathóir Huseyin Bütüner agus Halimi Güner. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas, Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis. 
J. P. McManus - architects Adare Manor, which was completed in 1862 and is owned by James Pain.
300 North LaSalle, Illinois, has 60 floors and is located in Illinois.
Aaron Turner, a member of the band Twilight and House of Low Culture, performs black metal music. Death metal is an instrument for Electric guitar.
A ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group. It is a density of americans and one of the types of ethnological groups include white-Americans. 
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where the legislature is National Assembly. Ba'r an tSaskatchewan governed by Prime Minister Azerbaïdjan. Is sa capital de l'Azerbaidjan; b'e'n législation is national Assembly (Azerbaijan).
Aarhus, a led by Jacob Bundsgaard, is the leader of Aarhus. 
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is located in Italy, where the capital city is Rome and Sergio Mattarella are leaders. I.T. Italian is one of the languages spoken there.
 Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. It has the nickname Cornelle Big Red and it is affilied to Association of American Universities., Cornell University was affiliated to Académie Americanuniversities (New York). L'Université Cornella, Inaugurata, Nuja, N.Y.; Il-Il-L-U. J.C. are an publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly. Its 
A Fortress of Grey Ice comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. A fortress de GreyIce originates in the U.S. which has an ethnic group called African Americans and b'e'r president baack Obama.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, is available in print. It has an ISBN number of978-1-4165-4253-7 and was published in Print., The book's Abravar Crisi (ISBN number 978-0-4165-433-7) which was authored byVirginia De Marce et EricFlint; it can be found inPrint.
(19255) 1994 VK8, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, has a periapsis de 6155910000.0 and an orbital period of 8788850000.0. It is comparable to the 31st December 2006.
L'Aston Martin V8, a related means of transport to the Aston-Marriot RHAM/1, was succeeded by L'ASN Martin Virage. 
L'American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., was first published in 1878. It has an ISSN number 1080-6377 and its discipline is mathématique. 
L-A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, Rostock, Germany, where Stanislaw Tillich is a leader. L-orrivée dei Germans in Germany n-est ni tedeschi. 
Aaron Turner started performing in 1995. He is an artist post metal and he was a member of the band Twilight and Lotus Eaters.
A.F.C. Fylde has 31180 members and their home ground is the Ilde. 
1089 Tama, formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB. It has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 and its orbital period is 1202.846 days. Its apoapsis was 373513000.0 km.
Adenan Satem, a member of Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak, was born in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo. He fought in sarawak and succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud.
Dodge Coronet, l'aménagement dei 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine and an 3 speed automatic transmission. It is alternatively known as the Dei Guanet.
Afrobeat is a fusion genre of Funk, which has Afrobeat as an ingredient. 
Il-Izmir, Turkey, whose leader is Ahmet Davutoglu. Il-Breu's Ataturk Monument in Izmir was inaugurated on 27 July 1932. Ankara c'est la capitale dei Turchia., L-Aïtilterra, Istanbul, Turque, has Ankara as its capital, Ankara and it had the inauguration on 1927-07-27.
Bill Oddie, born in Lancashire, and starred in Bananaman which stars Bill Oddi. 
Trane, a location in Swords, Dublin, Ireland, is located in Ireland.
Airey Neave, a Knightsbridge, fought in the Battle of France. He began his career on March 4th 1974 and fined on 30 October 1979. 
A Long Long Way has an OCLC number 57392246, an ISBN number 0-770-03380-4. It has the ISBN Number 0-670-0380-4.
Aenir, a print publication, was written by Garth Nix. It has the OCLC number 45644811 and it is published in print.
Akeem Dent was born on 27 July 1987 in 1987. 
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC, has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres. 
Barack Obama is a leader in the United States, where 250 Delaware Avenue was located. BarackObama is president. 
L-ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and White Americans are an ethnic group. L-Associazione dei Star Spangled Banner comes from all-Americans., Il-VFL X-1, originates dagli Stati Uniti, whose capital c'est Washington DC. Il-Président of the U.S. y include white americans et l-Ethnic group on White
AZAL PFK serves the AZAL Arena in Shuvalan, a ground at Azal Arena. 
Alfred Garth Jones, who was born in Manchester, where the Labour Party (UK), died in Sidcup, London. Il y a led by le Parlaimint Europeu.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C., Iraq national football team and Adnan Hamad is the manager.
The Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels., A1 devrait être assemblé en Audi, Bruxelles.
Abilene, Texas is a part of Texas, in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S. where English is one of its languages., English is an language spoken in Texas (United States), which has Washington DC as its capital.
GMA New Media is the parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal, a subsidiary by GMA new media. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay, where Tabaré Vázquez is a leader. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, Malaysia. Its main ingredients include: Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Awi, Japan. It is situated in the Jōda-Pháirgée de Ikita (Japon). 
Rolando Maran, a member of A.C. Chievo Verona, is in Italy. He played for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. and Carrarese Calcio.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which are located in Pacific Grove, California, were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987. Its reference number is 87000823 and it was aggiunto al March 27th 1987.
Swords, Dublin is led by the County Manager. They are leaders in Swords (Dublin)., The title of the legislature dei Delaware is Governer.
Abilene, Texas is a part of Texas, in the U.S. A.T. Austin and Houston are an largest city in Texas. It is also where Austin is the capital.
Mexicans are an ethnic group in Mexico, where one of the demonymes is Mexican.  Mediterranians can be known as  mexiciens.
Arròs negre, a t-arròs négen, comes from the region of Valencian Community in Spain. Cuttlefish is an ingredient in it.
ENAIRE serves Alcobendas in Madrid, Spain. ENAIRE is l'Operating organisation for Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas which is situated in Alcobandas, Valencia. 
Aaron Turner performs avant-garde metal music and is a member of the genre Avant garde metal. 
L-Aviation Force United States, which fought in the bombarding of Libya de 1986, is operated by Al Asad airbase. L-Opération General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and Lockheed AC-130 are a aircraft fighter.
FC Tom Tomsk играет в Национальном футбольной лиге Russian Football National League. 
Bandeja paisa is a food found in the Antioquia Department of Colombia, Colombia. Bandeja paisa comes from all-Antioquia D. Colombia.
Abel Caballero, a member of the Minister of Transport, was born in Galicia (Spain), Spain. He worked as Aire de Transport and became Aire De Transport. 
Aenir, a sequel to the roman Castle, was preceded by Aenur. 
Adam Koc, a Soviet War was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish-Soviet war. Jussij Stalin commanded during the Russian Civil War. 
Lenol is an order of Rosids and it is a member of the Rosid order. 
DeSoto Custom, manufactured a De Soto (automobile), is related to the 1955 Dodge. Il Chrysler Newport was succeeded by Desoto Firedome.
John Cowper Powys, a notable work was Wolf Solent. 
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is The Fylda. 
Deram Records is located in London. Deramrecords are based in Londra., Drem Records are situated in Londa, London.
The LCCN number of Administrative Science Quarterly is 57059226.
Aleksandre Guruli played football for AS Lyon-Duchère and FC Karpaty Lviv. He formerly is a member of AS Olympique Duchere. 
Julius Springer, founded by Julius Svilupper, is the editor of Acta Mathematica Hungarica., L'Université Galileu Risparmier (founded By Julيوس Speecher) and it was published inActa Matamaitica.
L'Audi A1, assembled in Audi Brussels, is a type bodystyle. It has 1.2 litres density and an 5 speed manual transmission. Il y émett it l'A1 o Coupe Bruxelles.
At serves the city of Athens, a runway length of 3800.0. It is 38000.0 long. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Miri (Malaysia) - married to Abdul Tab Mahmoud, j'ai became fought at Miri), Malaysia.
103 Hera, a periapsis of 371240000.0 kilometres, has an epoch date 27th August 2011.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and lives in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching (Sarawak).
At Auckland is the location of Ardmore Airport in New Zealand. 
Angola, Indiana is a part of Steuben County in Indiana, United States, where Americans are an ethnic group. It is led by the President degli Stati Uniti; l'esplorable title - Presidente.
Andrew White started active in 2003 and was signed to Polydor Records. He is associated with Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs. B-Unique Records can be found in 2003.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, nicknamed Asa Gigante, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions. 
Stuart Parker, a footballer dei Runcorn F.C. Halton, is manager of A.F.K. Blackpool. He played football for Drogheda United FC and runcorn f.J.Halton. 
Alpena County Regional Airport serves the city of Alpena, Michigan. It is 210 metres above sea level and it has a runway length of 1533.0., At 210 m al-le-de-l-al-arيط Alpena in Maple Ridge Township, Zella County Michigan, y are situated 610 meters above saseal level. L'asfaltaire regional airport includes larghezza de 1,53 km/
Albennie Jones, a solo singer, performs rhythm and blues. Rhythm and Blues originated from blues and disco is derived by Disco.
Andrews, Texas serves the city of Andrews., At served by Andrew's County Airport Andrewws, Austin, is a county which rives it away.
The American submarine NR-1, which has a top speed of 8.334 km/h, is 45000.0 millimetres long. It was launched on 25th January 1969 and it has an beam of 3.8 m.
L'Angola International Airport which is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. It has a runway length of 4000.0 and it is situated in Icolo (Edificio).
Akeem Ayers formerly played for the St. Louis Rams, which were based in St-Louis and their debut team was the Tennessee Titans. 
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, in Indiana, United States. It is led by Indianapolis and it has the capital city of Indiana.
Abel Caballero, a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, was born in Ponteareas, Spain. He worked as Minister of Transport and belonged to the Partie socialist-ouvriers.
Abel Hernandez, whose club is Peñarol, plays for U.S. Città di Palermo and Penarol. 
Alan Bean a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA. He went in space 100305.0 minutes, and fought in Space 100305 minutes. A backup pilot was Alfred Worden. David Scott commanded Alan Bean. 
Andra, a pop musician, became active in 2000 and began performing in 2000.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. Illinois (Georgia) is جزءا degli Stati Uniti, a bhfuil alcuni gruppi ethniques parmi l'Américains.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) a 34.0 metres above sea level, y has an runway name 03L/21R. It is 1411.0 long and it has the length of poaceae.,  Ardmore airport in New Zealand s'est elevated 344,0 meters al-le-dente o l-w-d-f-j-v-il-jeu dei paespèces. Its 3rd 
Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot, was born on 20th January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 and graduated with Sc.D. 1963. In 1963, he fought as an Apollo 11.
(410777) 2009 FD, which was discovered by Spacewatch, has a periapsis of 882343000000.0 and an orbital period of 39447000.0., Spacewatch is the discoverer of 4107772009 FD where it has potassis 832343300000000.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state Tyrol in Austria, Austria. 
Albany, Georgia is led by the Mayor. It is a leader of Albany in Georgia. 
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Artur Rashizade leads. 
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, in Indiana, United States. Washington D.C. - the capital of the U.S.
The RCA Records, which is distributed by Legacy Recordings, is part of the distribuing company 'l'Atlantic Records'. 
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He retired on 1st August 1974, and died in California. It is operated by NASA.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmor Row, Coldor Row.,  103 Col more Row has a surfaced at Coldome Row.
Immicelli is an ingredient in Bakso, which includes vermicelli. 
Auburn, a part of Pierce County, Washington, in the U.S. Auburn (whose total area is 7741 square kilometres).
N.R. Pogson, Nottingham, was born on 1st March 2001 and died in Chennai., 107 Camilla, discovered on 01/03/2001, by N R Pggson (Nottingham).
11264 Claudiomaccone, a periapsis of 296521000.0 kilometres, has an epoch date 26 November 2005., L-Epoch 31st 2005, 12 265.2005, it's possesses papips 288092000.0 (kilometres).
Alex Tyus was born on the 8th of January 1988. He played for Pallacanestro Cantu and plays for Campicalestre Cantù. 
Adonis Georgiadis served in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister, Konstantinos Mitsotakis. Il y a vice-Ministre Aleksandr SamarAS attendu l'époque avant quelqu'un dernier militaire Konstantin Mesovacis.
Ice cream is a variation of desserts, which include ice cream. 
11/29 is the name of runway at Andrews County Airport., The 11/29 can be known as '11/28' and it has l'atterrissage named 11/29.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont. He served as a member of the Whig Party (United States) which is led by Daniel Webster.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon where Portland (Oregon) is the largest city. 
Denzil Antonio gère Akron Summit Assault, a full name is Akron Metro Football Club Twilight Aggression, y fought in the 2011 PDL season. It has 3000 members and are managed by Denzil Antoni. 
Ajoblanco is a food found in Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader. Ajoblanco originates from Spain. Il y compris Spanacciards and l'euro are an euro as one of its languages.
Bananaman first aired on 3rd October 1983., Bananaman first launched in 1983 03/03/1983.
F. Vilas discovered 107 Camilla which was discoverd by F VilaS., 107 Camille, whose discoverer was F.
Lancia Thema is a related means of transport to the Alfa Romeo 164. 
Poaceae, a division of flowering plants, is part of the order Poales and an 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) surfaced by poaceae. 
Austin, Texas is a part of Texas, in the U.S. A.R.A.
Aaron Turner is from Boston and Aaron Turry was born in Boston. 
The Antares rocket, a comparable to Delta II, was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It is similar to Atlantic 2 and it has an orbital pad 0 in mid-atlantic regional spaceport layout 0.
The British people are an ethnic group in the United Kingdom, where one of the demonyms is English. 
L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, a fought in Helsinki, Finland, is in service. It has 21.2 metres long and it was built at Helsinki. 
Agustin Barboza died in Asunción, gran Asuncion, Gran Asuntion, Paraguay. Juan Afara is a leader of Paraguai. 
Bill Everett won the Eisner Award.,  Bill Erivedt was awarded Icener Awser Award.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the capital city is Cape Town. Cyril Ramaphosa and Asian South Africans are an ethnic group.
The Battle of Fredericksburg was part of the American Civil War conflict.  La Bataille of FEDERFCsburg consists in an American civil war conflict.
107 Camilla, which was discovered by F. Vilas, has an epoch date of 31 December 2006. It has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis is 560937000.0 (kilometres).
Atiku Abubakar, a vice-president Mike Akhigbe, was in office while Oladipo Diya succeeded Abdulsalami Abubaker. Awji became Vice-President Atika Abhigbe (whose successor was AtikuAbubakar).
Abilene, Texas, a part of Jones County, Austin, in the U.S. Abilen (part of Texas), is served by Abileni, Houston, United States. Its runway length is 2194.0 and it serves an city of Adane. 
Adisham Hall, architectural style Tudor Revival, is located in Sri Lanka. It was completed in 1927 and acheved in 1931. 
Аleksandr Prudnikov является членом ФК Вьетнам Мэрис и играет в Чемпионате Италии по футболу Russianа. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov played football for FC Spartak Moscow, where Rashid Rakhimov is the manager. He formerly a member of FC Terek Grozny whose home ground are in Gorazzny. Il y clubs include FC Amkar Perm and FC Aktor perm.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 4th November 2013., L'époch dei (66063 1998 Ro1 is 2014-11-04.
Meyer Werft built the AIDAstella, which was constructed by Meyer Werfl. 
Buzz Aldrin, who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, became a crew member of Apollo 11 and attended 52.0 minutes in space.
Bhajji is a food found in the Karnataka region of India, where Sumitra Mahajan and Vajubhai Vala are leaders.
William Anders, a US national, was born in British Hong Kong on 17th October 1933. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. 1962 and retired on 1st September 1969.
Lerney Airport, Alderney, has a 1st runway surface type poaceae. It is 877.0 long and it has an length of 7,77 km. 
Hypermarcas, a pharmaceutical company in São Paulo, has 10252 impieciens. Mantecorp is an revenue of 1800000000 and its net income is 108,600,000.
1097 Vicia has a temperature of 171.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres. Its escape velocity is 0.0112 km/s, it has seaטמוספינות 17,1.0 Kelvins et its temperatura is 17.0kelvins.
Andrew Rayel s'engaged with Bobina, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano; Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, and Alexandra Badoi. He is associated with the musical artist Armin Van Buuren, Boina (Mark Sixma), Jonathan Mendelsohn, Rashman Kovan, Abraham Pavlo, Antoniu, Aleksejolo Berg
A.C. Lumezzane played in Lega Pro 2014-15, a season 2015-15. 
Bhajji, a bhajji comes from the Karnataka region in India. T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders of India.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, which is located in Uruguay. L'Uruguayans are known as Uruguayans and Daniel Martinez (politician).
Rostock, Rostock in Germany, where Andreas Voßkuhle is a leader. Neptun Werft built A-Rosa Luna.
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238] Membres. 
The Acura TLX, a type of luxury vehicle, is assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant. Its layout is front-engine design and Honda K engine. 
Frank G Jackson is a leader in Cleveland, Ohio, United States. Il '200 Public Square' s'est organised by Frank G J Jackson. 
Anaheim, California - laissez-passer Anaheim (L.S.), l.s. is the title of the United States House of Representatives which is a part of New York Congress.
Abel Caballero comincit in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch.
Lars Løkke Rasmussen is a leader in Denmark, where Lars Lokke Rasussen leads the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University; it was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and an affiliated with the European University Association. 
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, Sri Lanca., The Ampara hospital is situated in the Sri-Lanka and it comes from Sri Llanda.
Agra Airport is located in Agra, Agra. 
GMA New Media, located in Quezon City, Philippines, is a mass media industry. Ils are l'intermédiaires mini-média degli GMA new media situate in quezon city. 
 Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States. 
Albany, Georgia is a part of Dougherty County, in Georgia, United States. It is led by the Mayor and there are an ethnic group called Asian Americans., Led by l'Mayor, Albany, Atlanta, Florida, U.S. Ildistinguለች dal-Mayor et where one of the several ethnological groups comes from americans.
Alan Martin played football for Motherwell F.C., which has Barry Ferguson as its manager. Alan Martin is a footballer for Clyde FC who have their home ground in Fir Park.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire. He served as a test pilot and operated by NASA.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is signed to RCA Records and has an art form Zamba. A background of singing sol-singer., Ragazzin Sol-Singer Alfredon Zitarroa's genre is Zambe (art form) where l'Albu Records can be found.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau, American. It is a character of Big Hero 6 and starred Jamie Chung. 
Richard A. Teague, a General Motors, employs the general Motors and was married to the AMC Matador. 
Addis Ababa, Addis Abeba, Ethiopia, is part of the Adis-Ababa Stadium. Mulatu Teshome is a leader in Éthiopie, ma'r seasamh dei bhFidji Adab (Ibidja).
Andrew Rayel, a member of Jwaydan Moyine, is associated with Christian Burns. He plays house music and became attached to the musical artist J Waydan Meyine. 
GMA New Media, a mass media, is l'industrie dei mass média. It produces mobile applications and belongs to services mobile apps. 
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982., The birth date of Ace Abner is 08.07.1982.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada, and enquêtent in la Korean War. 
3Arena located in Dublin, part of the Republic of Ireland, is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. Críona Ní Dhálaigh leads Dublin (part of la Repubblica irlandais).
Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot, was retired. He graduated from it.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is located in the United States. Barack Obama ériged le Albuquerke City Council and became a member of the U.S. A.L.A. Saskatchewan (United States), where English is the language.
 Dale Tallon a general manager of Florida Panthers, and it's categorised by Dale tallon. 
Joachim Gauck is a leader in Germany, where the A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft. It is situated in Rostock, Berlin and its capital is Berlin. 
L'Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. It is 23 metres above sea level and it is operated by Atlantic City Inc.
Albany, Georgia is a part of the state of Georgia in the U.S. where African Americans are an ethnic group. Albany comes from the United States whose demonym is American.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas, Dallas. He died 28 February 1966 in St. Louis. 
1101 Clematis has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, periapsis 445895000000.0., The celestial body known as 1101 Clamatis had an density of 26 December 2006. It has a peripops of 45585000000,0. 
Akron Summit Assault, a 3 000 members, play in the Premier Development League, whose champions are K-W United FC. It has 3000 members and is affiliated with ke W UnitedFC. 
Ilocano and Igorot are an ethnic group in the Philippines, where Batchoy comes from. Y compris Arabic is one of the languages spoken or Philippine English., L'orzoy can be found in الفلاسفi; l'arròpot people et j'iarrot peuvent tabhairt ar batchoY. L'orthographer portera-ilōte (Philippines). Ilo
Narendra Modi and T.S. Thakur are leaders in India, where Bhajji is a food found., Bhajji comes from India (led by T- S.Thakur) e Y.R. Takur; niagara Modi.
English is a language spoken in the Republic of Ireland, where English is one of the languages. 
ACF Fiorentina f'in Serie A, in Italy. It is a member of the Italian League. 
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey has its headquarters at the Four World Trade Center. 
Allen Forrest was born on 4 February 1981 in 1981. He performs hip hop music, which originated from disco and Disco. Drum and bass derives it as a derivative.
Aaron Hunt played for Goslarer SC 08 and VfL Wolfsburg. He plays for SV Werder Bremen II, whose youth football club is Gos Larner SC 08.
Adisham Hall, a St. Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka, it was completed in 1927. It is architecture style Tudor and Jacabian., Addiham Hall; Addisham Hall (Saskat. B.St. Benjuillet), Adjisham haputaha al-Sri Lanka on 1931.
Abradab is associated with the musical artist Magik (rapper).
At Texas, where English is the language and Texans are known as Texan. It is a location of Andrews County Airport in Texas (United States).
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore – 560090, India, y has 700 post-graduate students., L'Istituto dei Technology at the city of Bangalore (India) is affiliated with an Idir Lanka. It hails 300 post/graduate student and it was campused in Solvanahalli J.R. Sravarb Alirv. Rabhadhbhai
L'AIDAstella, owned by Costa Crociere, was built by Meyer Werft and operated by AIDA Cruises. It has a length of 253260.0 millimetres and is 2525.8 millim long. 
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. (corporation) is l'employeur clef-príomhpháirt de M.O.S.C. et employed by the CEO. 
Airey Neave, a Knightsbridge, fought in World War II. He began his career on 30th June 1953 and became active on March 30, 1979.
Poaceae, a type of twond runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made from Poaceae and an order poales. 
Gus Poyet played for AEK Athens F.C. and plays for the club Atatürk Athens FC. 
Tarō Aso - un leader in Japan, where Tarō Aō is a leader. 
Anders Osborne, a member of the band Theresa Andersson, is associated with Billy Iuso. Anders Odissey's bands and theres an associate dei musical artist Therese Assonn.
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia, where Jusufkola is the leader. 
Airey Neave, fought in World War II during June 30th 1953. J'ai began his career on 31st June 1953.
Jazz originated from blues music and has its stylistic origins in blues. 
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a nationality of the United States, was born in New Britain, CT and married to Ruth Ribcoff. He is an U.S. whose ethnic group is Native Americans. 
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins.  (109 Fijas) hails in 171 Kelvins, e temperatura is 17.0 (kelvins).
Arlington, Texas is 184.0 metres above sea level and it is 185., At 1850 meters above sae level, Arlington (Texas) is 181.
Albennie Jones a jazz musician, which originated from blues and originates from Jazz. 
Mae sago is the main ingredients of Binignit, y compris sweet potatoes., Sago and Sago are a main ingredient in binignit (w) mae Sago.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was published in the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. It is also a food found in that country., The Alcatraz Versu the Labyrintans comes from the U.S. which has l'English language but one of its languages is English.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a total area of 74.33 square kilometres. It has an population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per sq km., Lenjurnale Ann-Arbor (Michigan) hails 1570.7 people per square kilometer and it has altezza totale 7,4.33 Sq km.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season. 
Austin, Texas is a part of Williamson County in Texas, where the county seat is Georgetown. Austin has Houston as its largest city. 
Adam Maher played for the Netherlands national under 17 football team and is a member of PSV Eindhoven. He plays for la Netherlands National under-17 Football team. 
Alberto Teisaire is a nationality in Argentina. 
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom. It has a 5.3 litres density and an transportation related to the Asen Martin DBS.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for Al-Naft and Steel Azin F.C., a member of Al Naft.
Ram Naik is a leader in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Bundelkhand. Il y rassemblent l'Afghanistan u bénéficiet d'Ajd (Bundkalkhand).
A variation of cookie is Cookie and Baked Alaska are desserts. 
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada, and Operation Enduring Freedom., The Al-AsadAirbase was operate by The US Air force, who faisons part of the Esecution of Granna, became actives in operation organisation for the U.S.
Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikkou, Maroc. , Adam Humer (born in Adai ikkou), المغرب. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India.
Bhajji, a variation of Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour, is similar to pajakura and autres tedeschi. L'ingrédients include gram flouri. 
Alan Shepard died in California.  Alan Shepart diede in CA., AlynShepard passed away within California.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an epoch date of 14th July 2004, a rotation period de 9953.28.
Ahmet Ertegun, a Rhythm and blues musician, was born 1923 in Washington D.C. In the U.S. A.R.A. He is non performing personnel.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company on May 1950-August 1956. It has a V12 engine and is 17068.8 millimetres long. 
Bananaman broadcast by the BBC and starred Graeme Garden. Bananaman, a TV shown by Agne Garden.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He served as a test pilot, while he deceased.
Lellwyncott Williams & Wilkins is a leader in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is the leader. Il AIDS (journal) comes from the U.K. and London is its capital.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica is a discipline of mathématiques. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are a champions of this league. 
L'école de Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association which has headquarters in Brussels. L'Association européenne hails a Bruxelles. 
Binignit s'installe in Visayas region. 
103 Hera, which has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 km. Its escape velocity is 0.0482 kilometres per second and its temperatura is 171 Kelvins.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Sergey Naryshkin is a leader. , Aleksandr ChuMakov passed away in Russie, whose leader is Sergej Narikhkin.
Agnes Kant, a national dei Paesi Bass. Marge Rutte and Emile Roemer are leaders of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands. Agnes Kant worked as an Parliamentary group leader. It is led by M.R.E. R.L.
Joden, Godenblanco is a nickname for AFC Ajax (amateurs) who are called Joden.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Finland, Finland. 
101 Ukrop Way is the address of Alan B. Miller Hall, which was constructed on 30 March 2007 in 31 March 2007.
Bionico, a type of dessert, can be varied by Honey and comes from bionico. 
Ab Klink, a member of the House of Representatives, was born in Stellendam. He graduated from Leiden University and went on to work for Christian Democratic Appeal.
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army and fought in branch. 
Albany, Georgia is a part of the state of Georgia, in the United States. In which English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.,  Albany (Georgia) comes from the U.S. A.R.A. where English can be found. Ethnic groups there are Asia-Americans.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, in Ohio, United States. Y's ethnic group are Asian Americans and it is situated in the U.S.
Spanish is a language spoken in Mexico, where they speak Spanish., The language of Mexico comes from Spain and one of the languages used in this language.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, l'Inghilterra, Switzerland, has 100 academic staff. Il dean is Mario Botta. , La Dean of the Accademia Di Archita di Menditerranio (Suisse). L'Académico di itticio n'y compris 10 לימודי staff.
Alberto Teisaire, a national dei Argentina, died in Buenos Aires. Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is l'autorité governative body of the City Legislature di Buonais Aires (il y uses Spanish language).
Albennie Jones, a solo singer, was born in 1914 in the United States. He became an American whose genre is rhythm and blues. Rhythm and Blues musician Albenni Jones began en 1914.
AIP Advances, published by the American Institute of Physics, was edited by A.T. Charlie Johnson, whose succession is in the United States. 
Bhajji, a biggest ingredients of Bhajji is gram flour and vegetables. It comes from India in India. Il y comprise the name bhajji (bhaji), bajji).
Chinabank has a net income of 15100000000.,  Chinabank's net Indemnity is 15,00000000.
Llemish Department of Mobility and Public Works is an Antwerp International Airport which is 12 metres above sea level. It is operated by l'Atroport international known as the Flemish department de mobility and public works.
1 FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season. 
Adam Koc fought in World War I, where Adam Koc was awarded the Virtuti Militari., Abraham Kovac became part of World war I and died all'Império.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and has 3 000 members. 
Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army, fought in an American Revolutionary War. 
Aaron Bertram, a ska punk genre, originated from Punk rock. He is associated with Kids Imagine Nation and Suburban Legends. Brian Robertson (trombonist).
Aenir, a ISBN number of 1-439-17684-0, was written by Garth Nix., GarthNix is l'auteur dei Aenur which has an ISBN Number of 0-431768-4.
L'aeroporto Ashgabat is 211 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 3800.0 and it is located in Ashbagt, at 211 km/h.
Gus Poyet, a manager of AEK Athens F.C. in the Superleague Greece, whose champions are Olympiacos FC and Olympico FC. He also plays for Real Zaragoza.
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States, in which Asian Americans are an ethnic group. Akron (Ohio) is جزءا degli Stati Uniti.
Alan Bean, a US national, was born in Wheeler, Texas. He is now retired and operated Apollo 12 by NASA. David Scott commanded Alan Bean. 
Tom Lyle created the comic character Blockbuster, Roger Stern and TomLyle. 
1/19 is the name of a runway name for Alpena County Regional Airport 1/19. 
Ahmet Ertegun, a blues musician, is from Washington DC in the United States. He originated in Washington D.C., U.S.
10 Hygiea, a density of 164.0 kelvins, has an epoch date 27th June 2015. Its apoapsis is 523951582.33968 (kilometres) and its escape velocity is 0.21 km/s. It measured at 837080.744 square kilometres, per l'empopsia 2015-06-27., L-Epoch 31st June 2015, 10 Hygia ha un érosion measurement of 0,21 km
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group. Il-Amonym of the U.S. A.R.A. americans can be found there.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company on May 1950-August 1956. It is 17068.8 millimetres long, it has 12 cylinders, a V12 engine and an length of 12.
James Craig Watson, who originated from Canada, discovered 103 Hera., J'w'y decraserad by James Craig (Watson) is Canada and was born in Canada.
AZ Alkmaar, a full name of Alkmaar Zaanstreek, fought in 2014 and has 17023 members. 
1099 Figneria has a mass of 2.7 kg., The mass for 1099Fignerie is 2.7 kilograms.
L-Aviation Force United States, which fought in the Korean War, operates Al Asad airbase. L-U.S. Air Force is l-équipage dei bagars fl-armée Lockheed AC-130, le Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle.
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by the Association of Techsystems., L'Associazione Technological Engineering Systems is the manufacturier of the Alianza X-1.
L-Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom, where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders. L-AIDS (journal) was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the U.K.
 Dublin is located in the Republic of Ireland, a part of Repubblica irlandais. 
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. In which English is the language spoken, b'Ethnic group in the U.S. B'Barack Obama leads A.
L'Istituto diטכנולוגיta Acharya, a governed by the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It was given the Technical Campus status by All India Council for teicneolaíocht which is located in Mumbai. L'université devait être affiliated with the International Tennis Federation. Il y compris sports offered to tennis; it has été provided by all-India Council per ticvenariat 
Meyer Werft built l'AIDAstella, which is operated by AIDA Cruises, has a length of 253260.0 millimetres. It is in service and it was manufactured by Meyer Werfl. 
Alison O'Donnell, a member of Plastik Mak and Head South By Weaving, is associated with the band head South by Weleave.
Susana Mendoza is a leader of Chicago, part of DuPage County, Illinois, in the United States. C'est l'État-Univ. Il y ha 300 North LaSalle located in Chicago (part de Dupage County), Illinois.
Il Memorial turco-martyrs din Baku, Azerbaijan, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Il designed Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. 
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which were constructed in 1913, are located in Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 and has a reference number 87000823.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova., Adirryel's birth place is Chișinî, Moldavia.
Alan Shepard died on 21 July 1998 in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator. Il soggiorno deb't Alan Hepard was an 21st juillet 1998. Dyn Fenfeinstein are Senators of California. 
Bananaman, a first aired on 3rd October 1983, was created by Steve Bright and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor. It was shown by STV in 1983. 
N.R. Pogson a discoverer 107 Camilla., (107) Camille was discovered by N. R Pggson. 
L-Istitut Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, India. It was established in 2000 and is governed by Dr G. P. Prabhukumar. L-Acharya institut has a campus at Soldevanahalli, J. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road (Birmingham - 560090).
A Severed Wasp, a print type, has 388 pages. It has an ISBN number 0-374-26131-8 and it is available in print.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated to the U.K. system. Fallen test pilot and died in St Louis.
Swords, Dublin is part of Dublin (Partie du Parlement Europe).
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is associated with Ciro Pérez and He has been signed to RCA Records. His musical genre is Zamba (artform) where he can be found. He was once connected to Hector Numa Moraes and Co.Pérez.
Albany, Oregon is a part of Benton County in Oregon, United States. Washington D.C. Is the capital of the U.S. where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
107 Camilla, a epoch date of 31 December 2006, was discovered by N.R. Pogson and on bhliain 2006.
Bionico, a dessert in Mexico, comes from Mexico. Sour cream is an ingredient of Bionico. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, located in Madrid, Spain, is 610 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 3500.0 and it is 610.0 meters long. 
L'11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and can be categorised as a contributing property. Carroll County, Maryland is to the north of Adams County (Pennsylvanie).
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, where the capital city is Salem. Il y are an ethnic group in the U.S. African Americans and Albany comes from the United States. 
Alessio Romagnoli, who played at UC Sampdoria, plays at AC Milan. Siniša Mihajlović is the manager of A.C. Milan, where Silvio Berlusconi is a political chairman. Il y formerly l'Istituto national under 17 football team.
Arròs negre is a food found in Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader. Is l'arròs négen and its currency is Euro. Il y compris Spanjaards are an ethnic group of Spain.
John van den Brom played for AZ Alkmaar., Jen van Den Brom, a member of the club AZ ALmaar, plays football for John van de Brom.
Akeem Adams played for United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is Palo Seco, where Thomas Doll is the manager. Gábor Kubatov is a chairman. He also plays for Ferencvarosi TC which was managed by Tommaso Doll.
Albany, Oregon is a part of Oregon, in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S. where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.  Albany, or Oregon (in Oregon). In the US, its capital is Washington DC. It is led by New York D C.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a married to Ruth Ribickoff; was born in the U.S. and became spouse of Abraham A'r Ribcoff. 
Allan Shivers, a member of the Texas State Senate District 4 Port Arthur, was Democratic Party in the United States. He succeeded Price Daniel and he worked as Member of St.St.S. (Port Arthur).
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. 1957 and retired on 1st August 1974. 
1101 Clematis, a epoch date 31 December 2006, has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an apoapsis de 520906000.0 kilometres. 
AmeriGas, a company in the energy industry, operates $380,700,000. AmeriGas is l'U.S.A. and it earns an operating income of 8,3700000., Democrat Amerigas (in the Energy industry), hails feidhmiú degli ghnól-énergies, un revenue di 380700000.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, in Opelika, Georgia. In the U.S. Auburn can be a part de l'Alabama. It has an ethnic group called Native Americans. 
Il-Chicago, which is located in Chicago, United States. Rahm Emanuel e'n leader of Chicago (United States), where 300 North LaSalle can be found. 
Alan Bean was a US national. He is an Apollo 12 crew operated by NASA, where David Scott commanded.
Akeem Adams played for United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is Palo Seco, a member of the Trinidad and Tobago national under 20 football team. He formerly plays for the United petroliferi FC which has their home ground in Palo seco. 
Julia Morgan, a San Francisco, was born in san Francisco. She designed de multiples buildings tels que Asilomar Conference Grounds (Saontre-Examiner) e Los Angeles Herald examiner., Len Francisco is the birthplace of Julia Morgan; ln Francisco belonging to many significant building telles qu'Asilomor State Beach as well as St. Francisco and Sao Vergine. Jignora Morgan
L'American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., has an ISSN number 1080-6377 and its frequenze is bmonthly. It can be a mass mensuel., Am.J.Math. (abbrv. am.j. math.)
Agnes Kant, a member of the House of Representatives in the Netherlands, was born Hessisch Oldendorf and attended Radboud University Nijmegen.
The Audi A1, assembled in Brussels, Belgium, is classed as supermini. It has a 1.2 litres de surface and front-engine/avant-wheel-drive., L'Audi A1. L'apparecchiature catégorie Supermini, l'assemblage f'Bruiséil, Belgio. Il y échapped à Bruxelles, Belge. Its bodystyle is mid-milli.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia, u in the state of Georgia.,  Atlanta (part of Futon Co. Georgia), en Georgia.
Beef kway teow is a food found nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia, where Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders. Ta's leader of Singapore (HalibaYacob), ta'i paes Kway Teow comes from Sri Lanka e Indonesia.
L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, a built in Helsinki, Finland. Il y compris Sauli Niinisto and Juha Sipilä are leaders finlandais. 
Andrew Rayel, a member of Mark Sixma, is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and along with the musical artist Mark sixma.
Jerry Ordway, a American, was created by Bibbo Bibbowski., Jen-Américain JerryOrdway is an American.
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr., a crew member of Apollo 11 in 1963, attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963. He graduated from MIT Sidney and went on to work for Apollo 11.
Aenir followed the novel Castle, which was preceded by Aennir. 
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Virginia DeMarce, is 512 pages. It has an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0 and it was published in Ebook., Virginia De Marce is the author of 1634: Rebellion which can be found in O-Book; it has 512 page. Its ISBN Number 4165-200-0.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines and is a food found in الفلبين. 
John Roberts is a leader in the United States, where John Roberts and Bacon Explosion comes from. 
L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland, where Sauli Niinisto is a leader.
Ducati is a subsidiary of Audi, which was manufactured by Audi., At manufacturier Audi A1 devrait essere constructed byAudi and Ducati; it's co-conjoint to Deucati. 
Georgia (U.S.) is a country in the United States.   Georgia (US) comes from the US.
A Glastonbury Romance, a hardcover, has an OCLC number 76798317 and an ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0., L'OCLC Number 7679817 is 76798217 et L'ISBN number 0-67156-328-0.
Alvah Sabin a member of the Whig Party in the United States, where Daniel Webster is l'leader. He passed away in Sycamore, Illinois. Desidered Vermont, desideré Burlington, Wisconsin.
Alderney Airport serves Alderney and is served by Alderny. 
Aaron S. Daggett, born in Maine, fought during the Battle of Fredericksburg and was awarded the Purple Heart., Mae's birth place Aaron Si Dagett; became a member of the Batal of FEDERsburg, where he received the Laurh Heart.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark. 
Antioch, California is 13 metres above sea level and it has an elevation of 13.0.
Alvah Sabin a member of the Whig Party (United States) where Henry Clay is i leader. He died in Sycamore, Illinois. Desidered Vermont, which has Burlington as its largest city.
Arlington, Texas is part of Tarrant County in Texas, United States where Austin is the capital and Houston is an largest city. 
Alberto Teisaire, a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy, was born on May 5th 1891 in Mendoza, Argentina. He fought as an Deputy Provisional President of the Senate Argentini and succeeded Isaac Rojas. 
Alba Iulia is a food found in Romania, Romania. 
Atlantic County, New Jersey is located in the United States., At Atlantic County (New Jersey) comes from the U.S.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, Java. Il main ingredients include: Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal and it comes from Java.
Abner W. Sibal, a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District, was born in Ridgewood, Queens. He went to office as membro de la Republican Party (United States), where Donald J Irwin successor. 
Andrew White started active in 2003 and was signed to Polydor Records. He is associated with Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs., Former Andrew White, who began his musical career in 2003. He became a member of the band Kaiser Générales and has been jointly by Mark Baklin.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain. An ethnic group in the U.S. are an African Americans and one of the languages used in this language comes from it., Federal for Ireland Ice can be found in New York (Royaume-Uni). L'English is l'Irish language which originates from Gran Bretagna.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versu the Scrivener's Bones and it was preceded by Alcatrez Versum the Labyrinth Brens., At sequel to At Saskatchewan Verus, the Ilabyrinthe Debrins, Alicraz versus The Clervens.
The A-Rosa Luna, which was christened on April 4, 2005, is 125800.0 millimetres in length. It has a longueur of 125580,0 mms.
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, Denmark, was established in 1928. It is affiliated with the European University Association. Il y a staff size of 737 academic but it has 16000 students. 
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, in Indiana, United States. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area total of 44.14 sq km.
Anders Osborne, a rock musician, is associated with Tab Benoit and Billy Iuso. He played with the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars in TabBenoit.
Gangsta rap is a sub genre of Hip Hop music, which has the subgenre Gangsta Rap. 
Bandeja paisa, a food found in the Antioquia Department, Colombian cuisine. Bandeja paisa comes from the region of Antonioquia. Il y comprise keidney bean is one of the ingredients in bandeji paisa.
Massimo Drago - manager A.C. Cesena, whose club is S.S. Chieti Calcio and he has been managed by AC Cesene. 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis are leaders. Greek is the language spoken in Grecia. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a member of the Nigerian Army, was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President.
A Glastonbury Romance, available in hardcover, has an ISBN number of 0-67156-3648-0., The ISBN Number of the book (0-7156-328-0) is 7156-648-0.
L'Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka, where the Arabian Sea is to its west. L'Istitut de Teicneolaíochta Acharya is situated all-east.
Abel Caballero, a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, was born in Galicia, Spáinn, Spain. He worked as Member of Congress of Deputies and began office as an Mayor. 
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Ohio, in the United States. Among the ethnic groups are Native Americans and it is a member of the U.S.
Hypermarcas, a type de S.A. (corporation) in Brazil, was founded on 1st January 2001, and is an pharmaceutical company that produce drugs. L'efficacy person for the CEO.
Julia Morgan, a California born in California, architecte degli Asilomar Conference Grounds. L'Architect Julia Morgan; l'Architturier Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and le hearst Castle.
Airey Neave, Knightsbridge, was born in  Knightbridge. He fought in World War II and fecame fusing in WWI. 
Mae's language is Kashubian, a language spoken in Poland. 
L'Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which was founded in Coventry. L'Albvis car et Engineering Co. (founded en Lubentry) e succeeded by The Rover Company. 
Edmund J. Davis died in Austin, Texas. 
L-Municipality of Gettysburg in Adams County, Pennsylvania, where Franklin County is to its north and Cumberland County. L-Carroll County (Maryland), fl-At-Georgian Township defscraig Carroll et Maryland.
Ram Naik is a leader in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Bundelkhand. Il y rassemblent l'Ajd, Abhad, Birgilkhand, u bénéficiet d'un arrondissement RamNaik. 
Batagor, a peanut sauce, comes from Indonesia in Indonesia. Il y compris Siomay and siot may are the main ingredients of Batagor.
Atlanta is Atlanta a largest city in Fulton County, Georgia. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, where Anandiben Patel is the leader. Amdavad Ni GUFA is situated in Garji.
Arrabbiata sórt Arrabbiata comes from Rome, Italy. It is a regional region of Rome and it includes chili pepe. Its main ingredients areTomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995., L-Olympia (Finland), Aleksandrer Barkow Jr; became an 9th ديسمبر 1995, a member of the year 2nd septembre 1995.
A.C. Chievo Verona, a Serie A, play in Serie AS and has their home ground at Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi. 
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, London, where Boris Johnson is a leader., Boris Johnson was the leader of London whose place deb's Alfred gart Jones passed away in seidcup (London).
Arrabbiata sórt arrabbiata comes from Rome, Italy in Italy. It is an ingredient of chili pepper and it can be found in Rome. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a member of the Nigerian Staff, was born in Minna. He worked as Chief of Defence Staff (Nigeria).
Adam Holloway, a member of Parliament for Gravesham, bhí feidhmiú ag Magdalene College, Cambridge. He began an 5th May 2005 agus bogadh le Grenadier Guards.
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, where the United Motors operates Eagle. It was succeeded by Eagle (automobile).
Agustín Barboza, a birth place in Asunción. Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay where one of the languages spoken is Spanish and it died in Buenos Aires.
Alex Day performs Synthpop which originated from new wave music and has its stylistic origins in New Wave music. 
Acura TLX has a 9 speed ZF 9HP automatic V6 transmission.  The Acura TCLX, which hails an 9-speed Z9HP automatique V6), is transported by 9v9 HP automatic (V6).
Agnes Kant a worked in the House of Representatives in Netherlands. 
1099 Figneria, which has a temperature of 156.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres. Its escape velocity is 0.0155 km/s per second., The celestial body known as 1099 FCFgrenia (whose measured at 15,6.0 Kelvins) and its evapority length is 0,0155 kps.
L-Awal airbase Al Asad is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada. L-U.S. transport aircraft are Lockheed C-130 Hercules and fl-Afghanistan Jugoslavie. Il-Fhlterra Général (United States) became part of the Korean War.
Agnes Kant, a nationality of the Netherlands, is located in the House of Representatives (Netherlands), where Mark Rutte leads.
Aaron Bertram started active in 1998. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015.
Aaron S. Daggett, born in Maine, fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and was awarded the Purple Heart. He died in West Roxbury.
Al Anderson, a member of the band NRBQ, began his career in 1966. He is associated with The Wildweeds and Al Anderson (NRBQ).
Anaheim, California is part of Orange County, which is in the Greater Los Angeles area, Illinois, United States.,  Anaheim (part ofOrange County), California, New York, U.S.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece. 
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC, M.A. in 1957 and became selected by NASA in 1959.
The Acura TLX which was manufactured by Honda, has a Honda J engine., Acura TCLX is made by John Honda and has an HondaJ engine.
Aenir, a sequel to Castle (novel) Into Battle. It was followed by The Violet Keystone and it was preceded by the novel Castle. 
Dan Mishkin created Bolt, a comic book character, or Larry Bolatinsky. Ernie Colón e Irnie Colon. 
Ernie Colón, Puerto Ricans, was created by Dan Mishkin and Ernie Colon. Il creator dei comic character Bolt (or Larry Bolatinsky) a commençant Darimichini. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, operated by ENAIRE, is 610.0 metres above sea level. Its runway name is 14L/32R and it has a length of 4349.0.
Richard A. Teague, a Chrysler employer Richard A Taague; was designed by the AMC Matador. 
The Ariane 5 had its maiden flight on 11 August 2005, and a May 11st 2005.
GMA New Media produces web Wide Web.  L'GMA Numérique produced web largely a GMA new media.
Albany, Georgia is part of Dougherty County, Georgia, in the United States. Among the ethnic groups there are Native Americans and where Albany comes from.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst., is a academic discipline of Computer Science and has an ISSN number 1046-8188.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and fecame awarded the Purple Heart.
Alan Martin played football for Clyde F.C., which has a Broadwood Stadium and is managed by Barry Ferguson. Alan Martin plays for Barrow FC.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18 November 1923. He won the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Méd and died in California.
Andra is a solo singer whose genre is Rhythm and blues. Disco derives from disco.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S. A.K.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, is available in hardcover and has an ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0., EcFlint was the author of 1634:The Ram Revilion (published in Hardcover). L'ISBN number 41-436-50-0.
Aaron Hunt played football for Goslarer SC 08 and SV Werder Bremen. He is a member of VfL Wolfsburg, whose youth club is Gos Larer Sc 08.,
The reference number for Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House, located at 83 U.S. Route 83 in the National Register of Historic Places, is 88002539., Astir et Mary Elizabeth Pierleריצ's House are based on 83 US Route 83. It has an Reference number 80002539 in N.R.
Allan Shivers, who was born in Lufkin, Texas. He served as Governor of Texas and is a member of the Democratic Party (United States), where Price Daniel was succeeded. 
3XN is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, owned by Bella Center. It was designed by Marriott International and has 23 floors., Led by 3XN, Ldrlm in Copenhagen (wredd By Bella Centre).
Alex Plante, a member of Anyang Halla, was born in Manitoba in 1989. He played for the club at Awing halla. 
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors., 600 Floors a total area of 300 North LASalle.
Abel Hernandez, a member of the Central Espanol club A.F.C. He plays for Peñarol and he is attached to Steve Bruce as its manager in Hull City FC. 
Agustín Barboza, a put in Asunción, en Paraguay. Juan Afara is l'orgue dei Buenos Aires. Il y compris Spanish and Mestizo are an ethnic group there. 
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez, a manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan, is gestionnaire for C. D. FAS. He also plays for FC SAFA. 
B postcode area is Birmingham, where the postal code B is an area. 
Frangipane is an ingredient in the tart Derbyshire Dales, a part of l'Derby England. L'espèce de Bakewell pudding comes from it and y compris le tart (Bakewell Pudding).
The Atlas II originated in the United States., Atlas II originates from the U.S.A..
John van den Brom, a member of De Graafschap, is manager of AZ Alkmaar. He played football for Vitesse Arnhem and de Gra Afschap., Jen van der Brom (gestionnaire) Jens van Den Brom; formerly plays for Van Kaderhem et Degrafschap.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II, where Chiang Kai-shek was a commander. Il y served in the United States Army.
Antioch, California has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres, it has an UTC offset of -7 and its area code 925 is 925.
Abel Hernández played for the Uruguay Olympic football team and plays for an Uruguay. 
L-11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, where Franklin County and Frederick County (Maryland) are to its west., Il-ll-ويتtilli 11th Michigan infantry monument can be found in Addis County de Fallsburg, PA, whose southeast is Franklin Town, Georgia.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press, which is located in the United States. In Great Britain, English is the language of the U.S., Osgo Press (w'E.U.), hails a librairie dei Plur-Fiction A loyal Character dancer; it comes from New York.
At a 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of poaceae and it has an elevation of 344.0 metres above sea level. It's length of 518.0 km/h, l'arrivée - 07/25.
Anderson, Indiana is 268.0 metres above sea level and has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has an area code 765, 107.43 sq km., At 2658,0 meters above sale level, Anderson (part of Indiana), has total area 107-43 sq Km. et it has the areacode 765.
Austin, Texas is a destination in the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group. A part of the U.S. E.R.E. et l'ethnique ethnographique degli Stati Uniti include Afro-Américains. 
Greek is a language spoken in Greece, where they speak Greek. 
Mauricio Macri is a leader in Argentina, where ARA Veinticinco de Mayo V-2 comes from. La capitale of Argentina - Buenos Aires.
Abilene, Texas, a part of Taylor County, Austin, United States,serves Abileni, in Texas. 
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown, Charlotte Town. 
Buzz Aldrin a crew member of Apollo 11 and was an fighter pilot. He graduated from the Apollo 11.
Angola, Indiana is a part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County in Indiana, United States. A total area of 16.55 square kilometres and it is 16,55 sq km.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a American, was born in Chicago and died in the U.S. He married to Casey Ribcoff. Ered in Illinois; Native Americans are an ethnic group of the United States. 
Austin, Texas a part of Williamson County in Texas, where the largest city is Round Rock and Georgetown. Austin e's county seat is Gueorgetown.
La Crosse, Wisconsin has a total area of 58.38., L'area totale de LaCrosse ( Wisconsin) is 58,38.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is the leader. It's a national anthem of Canada which is O Canada., Led by Ireland II, Alex Planté, b'est married to Canada (whose led byElizabeth II).
Walter Baade, a student of the University of Göttingen, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He was born in the German Empire and died in West Germany. Sa's doctoral student is Allan Sandage.
Agra Airport, which is located in India, operated by the Indian Air Force. It has an ICAO location identifier VIAG., Operated by Agra Airport (in India) a l'IATA Location Identifier VIA G.
Bandeja paisa, a Colombian cuisine, comes from the Paisa region. It includes red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon; fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), alców agus lemon., Labrador Bandeja paisa originates from paese region of Colombia. The main ingredients there are red
Bacon Explosion, which comes from the United States, hails sausage and bacon. Sausage is a main ingredients in this country. 
A.F.C. Fylde, which has 3180 members, is called Association Football Club Fylda. It has a full name 'Association Football club Fylden' and its home ground is Warton, Fyld., Lenonym totally known as A F.B. Dyname (Welton) Awlde; it has 3,180 Members, but they are based at warton.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is sfrened by Zamba (artform).
Albany, Oregon has a total area of 45.97 square kilometres., Leny (Oregon) hails 45..97 sq km.
Agnes Kant risiede in the Netherlands. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas, Dallas. He deceased. 
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is a politician. Elizabeth II is the leader of  jamja's leaders. 
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.  Airey Niave is a member of the birthplace of Grimmbridge (London). 
L'Dodge Dodge, manufactured by Chrysler, is 120.0 centimetres. It has a 3-speed automatic transmission and an V8 engine. Its wheelbase is 12,0.0 cm.
Aleksandr Prudnikov, a member of FC Dynamo Moscow, was born on 24 February 1989. He played football for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Dinamo Moscou. 
Il-Musée Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, a dedicator do the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Huseyin Butuner agus Hilmi Guner é an tArd-Stiúrthóir  Azerbaïdjan., L-Roghnaigh l-Uas rátáil Turkmenistan u Turirs’ memorial is red granite and white
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders. 
3Arena, a Dublin, was designed by Populous and completed in December 2008. It is located in Dublin., The 3Arena (dicembre 2008) ha été achevé in janvier 2008, operated byPopulous.
Addiction (journal), abbreviated to Addiction, is a discipline academic dei L.A. and it has an ISSN number 0965-2140.
Luanda Province is 159 metres above sea level, l'aeroporto international Angola in Ícolo e Bengo. It is situated in Icolo-e Beno, Luanda; it has a runway length of 4000.0 and an elevation of 159 km/h. 
A.S. Roma, a full name Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A and has 70634 members. It is located in Rome, Italy. 
A.S. Roma, which play in Serie A, fought inRome, Italy. It is a home ground at Rome (Italie).
Andrew White, a musician, genre alternative rock, is associated with Marry Banilow., Former Alternative rock artist Andrew White (musician) s'engaged in the band Marchry Bajlow and MarRY Bani Low.
Attica, Indiana is part of Indiana where the capital is Indianapolis. Attica in Indiana has a capital and it is governed by I'Indianapolis.
3Arena, located at East Link Bridge, is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. It is home to 3Arena in East link Bridge. 
Halimah Yacob is a leader in Singapore, where Halimah Ysaac is the leader. Ta's bbeef kway teow can be found and it has an currency of Singapore dollar. 
Abilene, Texas a 524.0 metres above sea level. It has an area density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and its total area is 286.5 sq km. Its area code is 325.
Philippe of Belgium is a leader in Belgium, where Philippe de Belgium. 
FC Terek Grozny, which has a home ground in Granzny. 
Mae almond, jam, butter and eggs are the main ingredients of Bakewell pudding which was created in Rutland Arms (Bakewell) in 1820., Fae'r Old Arm, bakkewell en 1820, is a ground almonds, Jam, burr, but uova.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km/s and an apoapsis is 611961000.0 kilometres., (1036) Ganimed, a length of 16,86 kilometers per sec, had an améliosis 611960000.0 (kilometres).
Antioch, California's 11th State Assembly District is the title of a leader in Antioch., Led by Antioc, Illinois, it is led by the 11nd state Assembly district de la California.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba, Manioquia., At the birth place of Alex plante, Alex Planté, a St.Manitoba.
At serves the city of Athens, l'aetroport is located in Spata. L'arrivée degli Aetrini International Airport f'Athens (part of Spate).
William Anders, who was born in British Hong Kong on 17th October 1933. He became a crew member of Apollo 8.
Alan Shepard, a New Hampshire, was born in New-Hampshire. He died on 21st July 1998 in California. Desidered an American Defense Service Medal (USA) is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Méd., At his birth place Alan Sipard and he became attached to the United States Navy along with l'American Aviation service Ribbon.svg.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians, available in hardcover, has an ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9., L'ISBN number 1-439-925500-9, Alcatraz Versu the Labyrinthais (whose can be found in Hardcover).
Alfred N. Phillips fought in the American Civil War and fecame a member of the United States Army. 
Audi, which was founded by August Horch, is a division of Audi e-tron and Ducati subsidiary., L'Audi A1 devrait essere manufactured by Audi, whose successor was AugustHorch. Il y compris several divisions such as Audi et erotron (Ducati).
Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman, a bananaman.  Bill Oddies stard in bananaman.
Valery Petrakov - the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow, where Valery Petrakow is managed. 
Bacon Explosion, which comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area, is a food found in the United States. Sausage and bacon are main ingredients.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cape Town is the capital and Asian South Africans are one of the ethnic groups. Is a part of south Africa whose capital is Cape town. Ethnic groups such as White SouthAfricans (White Southafricans).
Hypermarcas, a produzione dei drogues, is located in Sao Paulo, Brazil. It is led by the President of the Supreme Federal Court.
Anaheim, California a leader is Anaheim. L'U.S. House of Representatives situated in the United States, where English is one of its languages and it is part of the US Congress.
Bananaman broadcast by the BBC which is located in London. It has Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead as a key person and Bananaman was diffused by London.
Poaceae, a division of flowering plants, is part of the order Commelinids and an 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand. Poaceae (class: Monocotyledon). L'arrivée dei l'Aerfort (New Zealand) hails surfaced by poaceae.
Celery is a member of the family Apiaceae and an ingredient in Bakso. Celery comes from the razza Apium, y compris sa familleApiaceae. 
L'Atlas II originated dagli Stati Uniti, where the title of leader is l'U.S.: Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States., The Atlas II originates dagli St.A. A.R. and there are native americans as an ethno group.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al-Zawra'a SC and is a member of the Shabab Al Or-Ordon Club.
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is located in Italy.
Ram Naik is a leader in Uttar Pradesh, part of Awadh, Bundelkhand. Il 'Agra Airport' n'est located dans l'Afghanistan, y compris un poids d'Ahd, oppure f'Bundajgarh.
Duncan Rouleau, a national of Americans, was created by Deman Wayans Jr. Baymax is in the film Big Hero 6 which starred Damon Wayan Jr.
Aleksandr Chumakov played football for FC Torpedo Moscow, which is managed by Valery Petrakov. He died in Russia, whose leader is Valentina Matviyenko and a member of the Soviet Union national football team.
Al Anderson, a member of the band NRBQ, performs rock music. Rock music originated from Country music and originates from country music.
Lenol, l'Ordo Rosids, is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which originates from the Paisa region of Colombia. Il y compris la grange dei Rutaceae and it comes from regions paesa., Bandeja paisa originated from Paixa Region, Colombian. It includes le limon, commetted by Roids or part of the Rosaids order.
Aaron Bertram, a member of the Kids Imagine Nation, is associated with the Suburban Legends band and plays under the band Kids Imagin Nation.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where English is the language. 
Il-gouvernement Flemish is a leader of the region fluviale, where it is led by the Flmish Government. 
Luanda serves Luanda, l'aerfort international Angola is 159 metres above sea level. 
A Loyal Character Dancer has an ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3., The ISBN Number of A loyal Character dancer is1-56947-301-3.
Alan Shepard, a test pilot, was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from Nov 18, 1923 and died in California. Deffected by an American Navy Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Méd.
Athens is the home ground of AEK Athens F.C., which play in the Superleague Greece and has 69618 members. 
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad., Alya Abdul Zahra's birth place is Baghdat.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which are located at Asillomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California, has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places., Batiments Conférences Aciliomar are situated at Asilmar Brev. (Pacific Grove), California. It has an Reference number for the Negozio de Itinerari known as 80000823.
Aenir, a print format by Garth Nix, was written by garth nix. It has an ISBN number of 1-439-17684-0 and it is available in print., GarthNix wrote the book Aenur (ISBN number: 0-43-16-17684-2).
Squid is an ingredient in Arròs negre, which has saquid as one of its ingredients. 
1097 Vicia, a mass of 9.8 kgs, has an epoch date 31 December 2006. Its orbital period is 135589000.0 and its apoapsis is 5511592000.0 km.
Jens Härtel played for SV Germania Şehzeiche. , Jens Hartel is a member of SV Germany Allgemeineiche.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid, New York and Saranac Lake, N.Y.
Aaron Deer, Indianapolis, Indiana, is a solo singer. He has an Psychedelia genre and he was born in Indiana. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages, ISBN number 0-439-92550-9., The Alcatraz Versu the Labyrintans, which has 39-925500-9, has bande postales 320 and has an ISBN Number 1-42-9255-9.
A Wizard of Mars was written in English and the language is English. 
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi. 
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Artur Rashizade. Is é an tArd-Aire de l'Azerbaïdjan i bhfuil sé mar musée turchirs ar Baku, dedicator do the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
Alan Frew, a solo singer. He was born in Coatbridge, Newmarket (Ontario), Canada. A musician is an artist and he became originally saxophonist.
J.V. Jones e J V Jones wrote A Fortress of Grey Ice, ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6., Jev Jr Jones is l'auteur dei D.F.R.A.L.E.C. (ISBN number: 0-673-5).
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and is 17068.8 millimetres long. It has 12 cylinders, a length of 178.8 mm/m., L'Alco RS-3, which had 12 cilindres, was constructed by the Montreal Lokomotive works and measured 188.8mm (l).
Bill Marriott International is a key person in l'hôtel., L'Affarier International, Bill Marry, c'est Bill Marchy, et b'e's key persona.
Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis, a sport offered by the International Tennis Federation. It is affiliated to the Istitut Acharya's sports., Travailler Governing Body (Fessoring Body) - Association internationale Tennis League. 
The NASA operates Apollo 8 which is operated by NASA. 
Ab Klink, a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal Party, was born in the Netherlands. He attended Erasmus University Rotterdam and fought in Rotterdam. 
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a married to Casey Ribcoff; was born in Chicago, Illinois. He worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare., Saordonnateur de la Santé, Enseignement, et welfare, Abraham A
A.S. Gubbio 1910, which has 5300 members, was based in Italy and their full name is Associazione Sportiva gubbiu 1910 Srl. It competed in 2014.
L-Ariane 5 a launch site of ELA-3 is the Guiana Space Centre, which has its headquarters in Kourou, French Guana. L-Areane 5 was launched at I-AC-3.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and fought in Topklasse, 2014-15. It was a member of 5000 fans. 
Alex Tyus played in the Turkish Basketball Super League, Maccabi Ashdod B.C. which is coached by Vit Sherf. Il y former footballer Alex Tyu's club f'Alij Qiasdod (B.J.T.) a member of both KovabjiAshdod b.c.
John Roberts is a leader in the United States, where 250 Delaware Avenue can be found. John Roberts and African Americans are an ethnic group of the U.S.
Auburn, Washington is part of the state of Washington which has Olympia as its capital. Auburn comes from the U.S. A.K.
Aaron Boogaard, a member of Wichita Thunder, was born in Regina, Saskatchewan. He is 1.905m tall and he plays for wichita Viking club., Buillard Gerard Bubner, saskatquewan, has an elevation of 1,.905 km/h, whose club dew KWitta Thunder.
Akeem Ayers formerly played for St. Louis Rams and was drafted on 3rd round. He had a draft pick of 39.
Adisham Hall a Haputale, Sri Lanka, where Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader. Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is an currency and it can be found in Harbale.
Auburn, a part of Pierce County, Washington, in the U.S. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C.
Aaron Deer played with The Horns of Happiness and is a member of the band A.R.A.
Lermish Department of Mobility and Public Works operates l'Atroport international Antwerp, which is owned by Flemish Region. It serves the city of Athenvers., Illermish Département de mobility and public works u aetroport International Brussels (wrerived from flemish region). Lggerm organisation for IATA e rives la frontière Angola. 
Poaceae a 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, class Monocotyledon and order Commelinids. Il y compris poaceae who are anhydred by the carufactured dei cerelidies. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an OCLC number 78771100., The OCTO number of Alcatraz Versu the Labyrinth Librariens is 87881100 and it has ISBN number 87877.1100.
Alfredo Zitarrosa played with Hilario Pérez and is associated with the musical artist Hilary Perez. 
A Severed Wasp, published in print, has an OCLC number 8805735. It has a Library of Congress Classification PS3523.E55 S4 1982 and is l'or category of print., The Bibliothèque de Conférence Classified (PS3528. E55S4) 1982, it was télécharged en print et has the OCAO number 85735.
Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Cornell University (New York), y affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities; it has a nickname Cornal Big Red., Lenjurnal Universitas Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornellin University, I hada new York, Nuja. Ilnjuillet derives part of Affiliation of Travaux Public et Land–grantUniversities
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. L. A.C. chievo Verona, Torino, Italy, has 39371 members and their home ground in Serie A 2014-15. 
Nis Voutsis e'n leader of Greece, where Nikos Poutsis is a leader. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes. 
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, Denmark, was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association. L'université debba essere ereditée en 1928.
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore, where they are beef kway teow and Indonesian., Mae'r Kway Teow comes from Singapore (Indonesia), which is led by Tony Ta.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is located in the United States, has Don Tripp as a leader. Il y compris le New York House of Representatives, partly led by Don tripp. 
Abilene, Texas a 54.0 metres above sea level. It has an area total area of 286.5 square kilometres and its population density is 429.9 inhabitants per sq km.
Ahmet Ertegun, a Rhythm and blues musician, derived from blues. R & blues originated from the blues and disco are derivatives of which is Disco. Il y includes an ethnic group in the U.S. African Americans.
L'AMC Matador, a mid-size car, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. Il y includes an AMC V8 engine. L'ACMatador (alternatively known as American Motors Matdor), s'assembled at Thame, N.Z.Y.
L'Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Il y are leaders in Sri Lanci, where Ranil Wickremesinghe and an currency is the Sri-lankan rupee.
The AIDAluna began his career on 22nd March 2009, and it fought on 8th March 2009.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press, in the United States., Sōgo Press (United States) is a publisher of A Lien Carnien carnier ad hoc; Sōco Press originates dagli Stati Units.
Alessio Romagnoli played for A.S. Roma, which play in Serie A and is a member of the youth team AC Roma. 
Felipe Gozon - la key person of GMA New Media, which is located in the Pantallas Network Center, Philippines. L'Agglomération dei Inc. are l'Afleáin.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, where Joko Widodo leads Indonesia. It's the Javanese cuisine and its currency is an rupiah indonesian., Indonesian language comes from Indonesia (whose leaders are Joko Wiодо).
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom and it is situated in London.
John Roberts is a leader in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. Bacon Explosion comes from. John Roberts leads all'U.S.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the U.S.T. Ta's system and died in St Louis.
Frank de Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax, which is managed by Frank De Boer. 
Alessio Romagnoli played for UC Sampdoria, A.C. Milan, where Siniša Mihajlović is the manager. Il clubs include AC Milan who are managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic. 
John Buscema won Eagle Award (comics).
Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, Greece. He worked as Minister for Health and is a minister for the Health. 
Black metal is a genre of black metal. 
 Patrick McLoughlin is a leader of Derbyshire Dales, where Patrick Mcoughlins is the leader. 
Shai is a variation of Siomay and Shumai. 
Addis Ababa City Hall, a 42 m tall, is 42m. Its current tenants are the Government of Addis-Ababa and it has an height of 42 M.
Binignit, y compris le Visayas, Philippines, is a food found in the Philippines. It includes sweet potato and coconut milk.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, a governed by Vica, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions. It has 17000 members and currently fought in Brazil.
L'Alhambra, which was launched on 31 May 1855, had a beam of 8.3m and an ship length of 8,3 m.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has a density of 2.0 gram per sec, and an apoapsis 162164091.8388 kilometres. Its average speed is 37.16 km/s., The celestial body known as (66391 199 KW4) has its متوسط speed 360,16 kmps; it has 2 gran po' per cubic centimetre, et an ampapsisia 1686220,8388 kilometers.
At Austin is the capital of Texas, where Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. Il y compris Houston and its largest city is Houston.
Il Memorial Turicirs' túrtubier, Baku, Azerbaijan, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Il designed Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner comes from Azerbaïdjan (capital: Baku).
Massimo Drago played for Delfino Pescara 1936 and plays for Derfino Speziara, 1936. 
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a American, was born in Connecticut and died in New York City. He worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare., American is an American whose nationality deb'r Abraham A
Atlantic City International Airport, which is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States, has a runway name 4/22., 4/22 is the name of l'Atroport international Atlantic City (I) i n-Egg Harbor District, N-Jennings, U.S.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor. He plays in the Qatar Stars League and are managed by Amar Osim.
A Severed Wasp, a hardcover, has 388 pages and an OCLC number 8805735. It has an ISBN number 0-374-26131-8., Jurisprudence de Lusse De Lusses DeLusses Delaware (ISBN number 0-43-67-16-1-8) is Hardcover; it has 3874 pages et or 82332-8.
Atlanta, which has a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre, has an area code 404, 678, 470 and 347.1 sq km.
Arròs negre is a grantur de Catalonia in Spain, where the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid and cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. , Arròs Negre comes from Andalusia in Spáinnie, Spain. Il y compris Cubanelle as its main ingredientes: white prairie, canterbur fish or saphir, celestial poterie, capelliolopod
L'AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark, was designed by 3XN and tenant by Marriott International. It is located in Copenhagen (Denmark), where the architects were id by 3.XN. 
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. A severed wasp originates in Great Britain and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Felipe Gozon - a key person in GMA New Media, which is publicly affiliated with the parent company GGA Network. L'entreprise dei propriétaires y l'Associazione Deiseaux Inc.
Anderson, Indiana is a part of Madison County in Indiana, U.S.A.
L'Albany a Baked Alaska comes from Hong Kong, France, where Carrie Lam (politique) and Gérard Larcher are leaders. Il y compris French is the language.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the overland Campaign and fecame part of the Overland. 
Anaheim, California a total area 131.6 square kilometres, is 48 metres above sea level. It is 121.6 sq km and it is an elevation of chlár 48.
Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States.  Saranac Lake which is situated in N.Y., Sarawak Lake (New York) comes from the U.S.
Aaron Turner, a Black metal musician, plays Electric guitar and performs black metal. Death metal is an element of the fusion genre de White metal.
Alfons Gorbach, a married in Imst, Austria-Hungary, died in Styria. He was born in Ist (Austria-Hongheria).
A Wizard of Mars, which is available in hardcover, has an ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2., The ISBN Number of A wizard de Mars (978-20-15-206947-2) is 978-20-4770-3.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst., and has an ISSN number 1558-2868. It is a discipline of Computer Science. 
Elliot See, a defunted, was born in Dallas, Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the U.K. system. Defeadh St Louis.
L'Aston Martin Virage, manufactured by Aston Marlin, l'aston-Marlin V8, is a related means of transport and L.RHAM/1; successor all'ason Martin RHAM/1.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cape Town is the capital. Cyril Ramaphosa leads south Africa (capital: Cape town).
Andra is a pop musician. Disco and disco are the fusion genres of Pop music.
Andra, a solo singer, is sfrend pop music. Andra's genre is Pop music and its background is solo singer. 
Abilene, Texas has a area code 325. It has an areacode of 325.
Alfons Gorbach, a fought in Austria, became in office while Adolf Schärf was president. 
Eric Flint, a Burbank, California, was born in Bur Bank, CA. He  authored 1634: The Bavarian Crisis which preceded 1635: La Baltic War. 
Bionico, a type of dessert, comes from Mexico where Enrique Pena Nieto and Spanish is the language spoken. Il y compris an ingredient in bionico; it can also be served as delizieux. E'n e'r food found in Mexico whose leader is Juan Peña Nietu. 
Maengue is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which comes from New York, France. Il y contains Meringue. 
Walter Baade, a German national, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He attende l'Université Göttingen.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's record label is Movieplay and was signed to the filmplay label. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in the United States, where Barack Obama leads. It comes from Great Britain and English is spoken in Gran Bretagna. Ethnic groups of the U.S. are African Americans.
Lee County, Alabama is in Ohio., Le County Lee (Alabama) is located in the state of Georgia.
Alfred N. Phillips, who was born in Darien, Connecticut, worked as a Mayor of Stamford (Connecticut).
Atlanta is a part of Georgia in the U.S., where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. Atlanta is situated in Georgia (United States).
L'Irish Frederick, Maryland is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument which was established on 11 July 1907. It is categorised as a district historique in the U.S.A. and it has been owned by the National Park Service.
Brésiliens are an ethnic group in Japan, a country where the Brasilians live. 
L'Audi A1, a type body style de Sedan, is assembled in Audi Brussels. It has 1.2 lm and an engine of 1,2 litres. 
Allen Forrest performs pop music and plays Pop music. 
L-ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and White Americans are an ethnic group. L-Associazione dei Star Spangled Banner hails as its national anthem. 
Buzz Aldrin is a nationality in the United States., A US Nationality Buzz Aldin was an American.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987, is located in Pacific Grove, California. It was aggiunto al March 27th 1987 a Statut historique de 1987.
20 Fenchurch Street commenced in janvier 2009, and it was built on Jan 2009.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada, where English is the language., Canada's birth place Adam McQuid and English are the languages spoken there.
Agnes Kant, a national dei Paesi Bass. He worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands where Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer are leaders.
L'Université 1 Decembrie 1918 n'est situata in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is a leader. L'université devrait être organista in Roumanie (capital: Bucharest).
Andra, a solo singing in 1986, was born in Câmpia Turzii, 1986. She is saggin by Rhythm and blues.
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy, where Italians are one of the languages spoken. L'arrabbiata sauce comes from. Il y compris l'italiens, la capitale dei quali Rome and le rimproved by Sergio Matarella. 
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow, where Valery Petrakov is the manager. , Aleksandr ChuMakov was a member of FC Tashkent mosq, who are managed by Valeryl Petrakow.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio a Ticino, Switzerland was established in 1996. Its leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann and it has 600 students.
James Craig Watson, a national of Canada, discovered 103 Hera on 27 August 2011, and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
14R/32L is the name of runway at Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport. It has l'arrivée named 14R 32L. 
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, established in 1928, has 737 academic staff. It has 16 000 students a staff but it has 16000 students. 
L'11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a municipality of Gettysburg in Adams County, Pennsylvania. L'Adams County has to its southeast Carroll County and Maryland to the north de Cumberland County.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 4th November 2013, and its escape velocity is 0.0999 km/s.
Agustin Barboza, signed to Philips Records, is the record label of Apollo Records. 
Dan Mishkin created Bolt, Larry Bolatinsky and Paris Cullins.
Alison O'Donnell, a jazz musician, is signed to Fruits de Mer Records and Deram Records in London. Desam Records was jointly associated with Applem Records (London).
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin. L'Irlande is located in Ireland, Europe.  Trane (founded at LaCrosse), Wisconsin, áit dei seasamh irlandais en Europe.
Aleksander Barkov Jr played in the National Hockey League. 
Amdavad ni Gufa, Ahmedabad, India, is located in Gujarat. Amdavad Ni Gubha (led by Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus), vicino CEPT University, opp. Uttar Pradesh, U.R.U.J.A.T. A.L.
Akeem Dent formerly played for the Houston Texans, which is owned by Bob McNair. He commenced his debut to the Atlanta Falcons who are based in Atlanta.
Bill Oddie e's child was Kate Hardie. 
Sergio Mattarella and Pietro Grasso are leaders in Italy, where Rome is the capital. Amatriciana sauce comes from. Is a traditional Italian which has Roma as its capital.
Roy D. Chapin Jr, a key person in the American Motors, manufactured AMC Matador. L'American Motors operated by Chrysler and was succeeded by Eagle (automobile).
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre, which comes from the region of Valencian Community., Arròs Negre can be found in the area of the community Valenciana and it has cuttle fish as one of its ingredients.
Aaron Turner e's genre of black metal. He is a member of Mamiffer and singing band, mammiffer. Death metal comes from the music genre Black metal.
Bionico, a type of dessert, comes from Guadalajara, in Mexico. Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico and it can be varied as Honey. 
AmeriGas, a member of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, is located in the United States. It was founded on 4th July 1776 and it has total area 9833516.63 square kilometres., Democrat AmeriGas comes from King D'Prussia (Pennsylvanie) which had its based on Jul 4rd 776, 1976. Its surface area is 39341516.63 sq km.
(66063) 1998 RO1, which has an epoch date of 4th July 2013, had an orbital period of 360.29 days. Its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 (kilometres).
Austin, Texas is located in the United States, where Austin is led by the City Manager.
Bhangt Budapest is located in Hong Kong, Hungary. 
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, is 512 pages. It was published in E-Book and it has 512 page., E-book of 1634:The Ram Revilion (whose ISBN: EricFlint), a format dee book, with 512 Pages.
110 Lydia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States, and there are an ethnic group called Asian Americans. 
Bhajji, a food found in the Karnataka region, India. T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders in India.
A Long Long Way, which was preceded by Annie Dunne, is published by Faber and Fabber. It comes from Ireland where the White people are an ethnic group., The Secret Scripture (whose originated in Ireland), it was followed by A Long long Way a sequel to I'n Ann Nune; l'Ethnic group of White who are one of the white people.
Duncan Rouleau, a national of Americans, was created by Steven T. Seagle and Scott Adsit. Il film is Big Hero 6.
Livorno Calcio S.p.A. L.S. Livorno, which has 19238 members, competed in Serie B 2014-15. Il y a total name dei LIvorno FC - Stadio Armando Picchi.
L'Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. Il runway name of it is South Runway.
Akron Summit Assault is located in Akron, Ohio, U.S. In the United States.
Adisham Hall serves Haputale, Sri Lanka. Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanca, where Tamil language is spoken., Alisham Hall devait être located i Halifax,Sri Lanka, in which Thaja's capital is Lal-Jendrijanapura Kutte.
Lancia Thema is a related means of transport to the Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Arese, and Fiat Croma., The Alfa-Rome 164 (appartenant all'Erse) are relatives types de transport such as le Lancia Mita et Laancia Synta.
L'AMC Matador, which has an alternative name VAM Classic, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It has a station wagon body style and un AMC V8 engine. 
Adam McQuaid played for Boston Bruins, which has Don Sweeney as a general manager. He was drafted to the Columbus Blue Jackets and is located in Ohio. Deffectuer General Manager dei Boston-Bhorins (c'est part of Logan), Cleveland, Ottawa.
Il Delta II, which originated in the U.S.A., originates from the United States and it was launched at Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2. It is comparable to la Antares rocket. , L'avvers-missile antares deviennent dagli USA a part of vandenberg F.F. Falcon 2 while fought at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
20 Fenchurch Street located in London, a led by the European Parlaimint. It is governed by an Europe Parliament. 
Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States., The Amarillo (Texas) is located in the U.S.
L'AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark, is owned by Bella Center. It has 23 floors and was tenanted by Marriott International. , L'Attendante de l' AC Hotelbella Sky in Copenhagen (Denmark) - Bella Centre. Il y a total area of 23 Floors, it had Harbour International as gestionnaire. 
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico, a type of dessert. Il y compris granola as one of the ingredients. 
Aaron Turner, a black metal musician, is associated with the House of Low Culture and Mamiffer. He plays guitar in Electric guitar. Death metal can be derived from Black metal.
Binignit, a food found in the Philippines, originates from na Philippines. Saskatchewan is an ingredient of Binignit which has sweet potato and banana as its main ingredients. 
Trane, a type subsidiary, is located in Swords, Dublin. Trane produces building management systems and has an revenue of 10264000000, et its net income is $556,300,000., Former Subsitorial Transe (Swords), Dublin, manufactures Building Management Systems. Tren acquiert $10,264,000,000, un total rendimento de 5,6 million USD, c'est l'infériod shunt 556
L'AMC Matador, a model year 1971, is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria. Il y compris un modèle de 1971 and l'Ambassade AMC Ambassador.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia in 1987., Born i 1987 inAtlanta (Georgia).
Andrew Rayel, a member of the band Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma,Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano,Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose (Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin) e Alexandra Badoi., Former musical artist Andrew Rayell, whose genre is house music, b'Albani, Boïda, Rashin Van Bu
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. In English language is spoken in Great Britain. 
Stuart Parker, who played football for Sparta Rotterdam, is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool. He has been managed by Stuart Park (footballer) and he plays for Spa Rotterdam. 
L'Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, U.S.A.
Bionico, a food found in Jalisco, Mexico. Il y contains raisins and it is téléchargé depuis longtemps. 
Albert Uderzo created Asterix, a comic character, René Goscinny and Albert Udadero. 
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana, which has Indianapolis as its capital. 
L'IATA Antwerp International Airport, which is operated by the Flemish Government, is 12 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 600.0 and it is occupy by an Affecter Bremish Region., At 12,0 meters al-le-livello de l'AEF Brussels International airport (operated by Gouvernement Fhilimish).It is situated in 12.6  km/h 
Chinabank a service of banking services. Chinabank's net income is 15100000000 and it has an revenue net de 15,00000000.
L'Italia is where Amatriciana sauce comes from Lazio. Il y compris granciale, massima ingredientes:Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil.
Dr G. P. Prabhukumar is the director of the Acharya Institute of Technology, a campus in Soldevanahalli (Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road), Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090., D-R.G.P. Prabhajikar f'Istitut dei Technological Accademia haïl Inauguration: In Solvanahalli, Abh Pradesh Dr Sravarvi Rad hakrishnani Road
Chinabank, a company founded on 16 August 1920, has 5594 impieciens. Its net income is 15100000000 and it has 295 emplacements.,  Chinabank (founded 08-16-1920) ha un revenue net density of 15,100,000,000, 3594 employants.
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of the New Democracy in Greece, was in office while Antonis Samaras became Prime Minister and Konstantinos Mitsotakis successor. 
Andrew Rayel, a Trance musician, began in 2009 and became active in 2009. He is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Ohio in Oregon, United States. Albany (in Benton County), Oregon and it is situated in the U.S.A.
At Texas, where Austin is the capital and Texan are known as Texans, has a language spoken in Spanish. L'arrivée degli Andrews County Airport f'Andrews situated in Texas. Il y compris Houston c'est l'ascolaire of Texas whose capital is Austin. 
Aleksandre Guruli played for AZAL PFK and Olympique Lyonnais, which has their home ground at the Parc Olimpique Lionnais. Il is a member of ACELAPFK. 
Adenan Satem, a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu, was born in Kuching, Japanese Occupation of British Borneo. He succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud, fought in Shung, Indonesia. 
Amatriciana sauce comes from Lazio region, lazio. Tomato is an ingredient in a grigione dei canji., Tomatoes are as one of the ingredients in Amiciana (Lazio).
The Alhambra has a top speed of 18.52 km/h. 
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the community of Madrid, a car. 
Bhajji, a gran flour and vegetables, can be found in the Karnataka region. Its main ingredients include gram farine, gulau et verdure.
Albany, Georgia is a part of Dougherty County in Georgia, United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Stuart Parker, a footballer in Irlam Town F.C. and is manager of A.F. C. Blackpool. He plays for KV Mechelen and irlam town FC. 
Luanda Province is l'Angola, where Icolo e Bengo is part of Luanda. It is 159 metres above sea level and it is situated in Ícolo-e Beno (Luanda).
Olusegun Obasanjo, Abubakar, fought during the Nigerian Air Force and became in office while Atiku Abubaker was Vice President. Il y compris Abdulsalami Abubaka occuped l'Afghanistan air Force.
Born in Sweden on 23rd July 1982, Ace Wilder is a solo singer. He was born in 1982 and belonged to several singing musician., Ayse natives from Sweden en 1982; he became active in Stockholm on 07.07.1982.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al Shorta SC and Al-Khor Sports Club in Al Khor.
Alan Martin played football for Clyde F.C., which has Barry Ferguson as its manager. Alan Martin is a footballer for Accrington Stanley FC and their home ground is inAccrington.
Auburn, Washington - part of King County, Seattle, in the U.S. A. Auburn (part of Queen County), Washington, United States. It is led by Olympia and has Seattle as its largest city. 
Baked Alaska comes from Paris, New York or Hong Kong, in the United States. Il y contains Ice cream and is made of meringue, ice cream, Sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Antioch, a part of Contra Costa County, California, in San Francisco Bay Area. Antioch is l'encion totale de 75.324 square kilometres and can be found in an area of 75,324 sq km.
Anders Osborne signed to Alligator Records and is a record label of Alkeling Records.,  Anders Odissesborne, which was once télécharged by alligator Record, has been l'Alligatorrecords. 
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a became born in the United States and died in New York City. He was succeeded by John N Dempsey. His successor was Abraham A Ribcoff (in the U.S.) Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II e became feidhmivement all'invasion.
The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact factor of 1.37., L'American Journal de Mathematician has a influence factor 1.33.7.
 Nikos Voutsis e'r leader of Greece, a country where they are leaders. 
Arem-arem contains banana leaf and is a food found in Indonesia, Indonesia. 
Il Memorial turco Martyrs in Baku, Azerbaijan, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. , Türk Şehitleri Aniti are an native name Ataturk Rahmani.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka. It comes from the district Aspara District. 
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County in Indiana. It has a population density of 783.1 (inhabitants per square kilometre) and its total area is 4.14 sq km.
Albert Jennings Fountain, Staten Island, was born in the United States. He died in New Mexico Territory. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is the leader. Thaw Malaysian people are an ethnic group of Banyumasan and its language is English.
At located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, part of the U.S. A.R.A. L'asfalt Regional Airport Alpena is situated within Wilson township (Alpena County) which forms part de l'United States. 
L-Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India. It was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar., Il-B.M. Reddy l-Istitut de Tech Acharya (in Bangalore), India; it was eredited in 2000. Il-D.R. B. M.Reddy f'il-Officier Teicneolaíochta
Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak, Abdul Taib Mahmud, was born in the Kingdom ofSarawak. He fought in sarawak and became a member of Bu Kotara'ji Ta'raq. 
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India, it was established in 2000. It has 700 post-graduate students and is a campus at Imparata ad hoc (Idir Lanka).
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio a Ticino, Switzerland was established in 1996. Johann Schneider-Ammann is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland. It has 600 students and b'ils located in Taicino.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989. He went on 1989 to be a member of Nov 28, 1989 and became an M Nakatoba. 
John van den Brom played football for Istanbulspor A.Ah.R., a member of AZ Alkmaar which is owned by Robert Eenhoorn and managed by John van de Brom. He formerly plays for the AFC Ajax and Ankaraspor V.S.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, in Indiana. 
Hypermarcas, a São Paulo, was founded on 1st January 2001, and is located in Sao Paulo. Mantecorp is the subsidiary of Hypermarcais which has made its foundation on 01-01-19 2001., Ferced on Jan 1, 2001 f'Airteagal J-Olympia, Sio Paulo; it y serves as intermédiaires complémentaires: Man Tecorp.
Lancia Thema is the Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy. It has a straight-four engine and Fiat Croma.
Tarō Asō is a leader in Japan, where the Japanese people are one of the ethnic groups. Akita Museum of Art was located in Aday, Aki, Ikita., Mae's Musée D'Art (Akita) is situated in Ajoi, Ekita, Jō Taō. It is part of Période de la Première Partie de Laïta. Tarō Assō and japonais are an
Alan Shepard, a test pilot, was born in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957 and died in California.
1097 Vicia, a periapsis of 279142000000,0, has an apoapsis of 511592000.0 km. Its epoch date is 31 December 2006., (1031 December 2006, 1097 Viscia (ad hoc: 279142000000,0 km). It has ad hoc de 5115990000 kilometres and its celestial body poids is 27714200000000.
109 Felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000.0 and '283645000000,0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves Amsterdam, where the city is served by Amsterdam. 
Asam pedas, a commonly known as Asam páh, comes from Sumatra and Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. Il y contains fish cooked in sour and hot sauce. 
250 Delaware Avenue serves in the United States, where Paul Ryan is a president and its capital is Washington, D.C.
John Cowper Powys scrisse Wolf Solent. 
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S., Barack Obama leads the US (capital: Washington DC).
La variation of Barny Cakes is cioccolato. 
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen II, a member of the Bundesliga League. Viktor Skrypnyk is its manager.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, which is in the United States., The Amarillo (part of Prairie County), Texas derives from the U.S.
Albany, Oregon is a part of Oregon, in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S. where Washington DC is its capital. 
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of the deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally, was born in Greece. He worked as an Deputy Príomhpháirthóir parlamentaris for the Populoorthodox Rally. 
General Dynamics Electric Boat, which is located in Groton, CT, was built by Greater-Connecticut and has a 3.8m long ship beam., L'American submarine NR-1, operated by the General DynamicS Engineering Boat (Breton, Condadot), belongs to the parent company of Général Dynamicis. It hails 3.8 m long transport along with an 3.5m air.
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983 and it was completion date of 1983.
Arròs negre, a grantur de Catalonia, in Spain, is an ingredient in Arròs Negre. Squid is one of the ingredients there. 
101 Helena, a average speed of 18.44 km/s, has an apoapsis of 441092000.0 kilometres., L'emoyenne speed for 101 (101) - 18,44 km per sec, is 441092 kilometers per second and it has ad hoc as 441920000.0 km.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has a staff size of 737., L'école deffari-et-sociales at an Autunno Université, y have 737 academic staff.
Adam Koc, a nationality of Poland, fought in the Polish–Soviet War. J. Stalin e Joseph Stalin commanded all'Polish-Soviet war. 
200 Public Square, Cleveland, has 45 floors. It is a total area of 45.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Artur Rashizade. Il Memorial Turicirs' tbilis devenu red granite and white marble et dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
James Craig Watson, a nationality of Canada, discovered 103 Hera., Il-Canadian born James Craig (Watson) was an Canadian national.
L'Europez International was founded in Chicago, France where Gérard Larcher is a leader. Barny Cakes were created by Mondelez International (founded at Chicago).
Elliot See, a US national, was born in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died on 28 February 1966 in St. Louis.
Alan Martin, who was born on 1st January 1989. He played football for Hamilton Academical F.C. and Crewe Alexandra FC.
Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk Monument in Izmir, a designer of it is Pietro canonica. 
Alan Martin played football for Accrington Stanley F.C. and he plays for ACrington St. C.
Bakso économique is a food found in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader. Il y compris le Chinese cuisine. L'Indonésien language is Indonesian.
L'Audi A1, manufactured by Audi, is related to the SEAT Ibiza and Volkswagen Polo. Il y compris similar types of transport cars such as VW Polo.
Tarrant County, Texas is located in the U.S.A., Tatter County (Texas), Texas comes from the United States.
Hugh Hazzard is the full name of Bozo the Iron Man, which can be known as Boo. 
Adam Koc fought in the Polish-Soviet War and was awarded the Cross of Valour (Poland).
Addis Ababa City Hall, a 42 m l'hauteur is 42m. It has an area of 140000.0 square metres and its current tenants are the Government of Addis-Ababa.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is the leader. Il y compris Standard Chinese and Banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
The average speed of 1036 Ganymed is 16.86 km/s., (1036) Ganimed has a measurement speed 16,86 kilometres per second.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Vladimir Putin is a leader. 
L'Asher e Mary Isabelle Richardson House, constructed in 1911, located on U.S. Route 83 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988., Il y a former Asher et Mary Fallson house, situated at US Route 83. L'I.R.A. (Construction: 1911) l'ha aggiunto al National Record of Monuments on 21st
Dan Mishkin created the comic character Bolt.  Dan MishKIN creators Bolt.
The Acura TLX has a 3.5 lm density and an engine of 3.5 litres. 
L'Université 1 Decembrie 1918 s'est tenuta in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is a leader. L'université 1, Decreto 1918 serait istituita da Prime Minister de Romania. Il y n'y compris la première ministre, c'etait le Première Ministre di Romania.
Asam pedas s'est a food found in the Malay Peninsula. In Malaysia, where Kuala Lumpur is the capital and Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group. Asam Pedas comes from the Sumal periphery of Malaysia.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a related means of transport to the Fiat Croma. 
Meyer Werft located in Germany, is a member of the German region. 
Il Dodge Coronet is a hardtop and has an V8 engine. Desidered simplement identifier the 1955-Dodge coronet, devono y formerly known as Dodge Colonet.
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988. 
Adenan Satem, a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu, was born in Sarawak. He attended University of Adelaide and he lives in Demak Jaya; Jalan Bako, Kuching (Sarawak).
Adam Maher was born in Diemen., Diemen is the birth place of Adam Mahers, diemen.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a food found in the United States, where English is the language. 
A Loyal Character Dancer is a food found in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
The Alhambra has a 8.3m ship beam and an elevation of 8.3 m.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County in California, where the San Francisco Bay area and Spanish is one of the languages spoken there., L'Spanish language is commonly known as English.
Trane, a subsidiary type, was founded in La Crosse Wisconsin, Wisconsin. L'area totale dei lacrosse is 58.38 and an area total of 56.38.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, Brasilia. It is located in Brazil. 
Marmi Botta - dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland. It has 600 students and it is affiliated with France. 
L-IATA Antwerp International Airport, which is operated by the Flemish Government, is 12 metres above sea level. It is situated at 12,0 meters al-dessus dal-leibhéal., Attissement delimitate par l-Operated by Gouvernement flammish, it is 12.6 ftm long ar an elevation of its runway.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart. He fecame a member of the Awst, which has been awardd the Bronze Heart.
A Long Long Way has an ISBN number of 0-67-03380-4 and l'ISBN number 6-67-93380-4.
Abilene, Texas - part of Texas, in the United States. Its runway length is 1121.0 and it can be served by Abilenne (part de Texas). It is located within the U.S.
AWH Engineering College is located in India, where one of the rivers are Ganges and its largest city is Mumbai. 
L'1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania, where the capital city is Bucharest. Le Premier Minister Klaus Iohannis s'inquiétait le Premier Ministre. L'université deistruzione 1 Deinverno 1918 (w'Albu-Iulia). Il y a national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, romane!), l'université diiriú 1918 se trouve nelle Alba
Elliot See, a student of the University of Texas at Austin, Dallas. It competed in the Big 12 Conference and is affiliated with the U.S. system. He was born in Dallas et president Gregory L Fenves. 
Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority whose headquarters are located in Jinnah International airport. 
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Drew Caldwell is a leader in Brandon, Manitoba.  Led by Drew Calwell as 'ld Byrlin (Manitoba).
The Alvis Speed 25 has a total clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox All-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle. It has an engine of 4387.0 (cintimetres). Its transmission is: single plate corpedo, sequel to the four speed carcasse, arb's front fléchissement, led at center
L'Alhambra a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes is located in Deptford. L' Alhambra s'est classed as l'Humfbra.
John Madin, a Birmingham, was born in Birmingham. Andrew Mitchell is the governing body of Birmingham where it has an postcode area B and b as its postal code.
Zan Türk is a coach of Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. whose coach is Zan Tabag. 
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, Malaysia. 
The AIDA Cruises are located in Rostock.  At the location of I'adata Cruiseries, l'aida hae f'Rostock.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a hardcover. It can be found in Hardcover.
Mae Rudolph starred Baymax, created by Duncan Rouleau, Americans. It is a character in the film Big Hero 6., Baymax (film big Hero 6) was creatord by Daman Roulau, americans and stars Maya Hudolph.
Akeem Dent, a member of the Houston Texans, was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 July 1987. He formerly played for A keemDent and is l'Atlanta (Georgia).
Alvah Sabin, who was born in Georgia, Vermont. He served as a Secretary of the State ofVermont, where Burlington is an largest city. Il s'occupyd by Binurlington and became Governor of Saskatchewan.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is the leader. Il y are an ethnic group of Banyumasan people and Indonesia.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines, where it has shrimp as an ingredient. 
Buzz Aldrin, a nationality of the United States, was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey. Joe Biden is l'unique leader in the U.S.
Stuart Parker, a manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, plays for Runcorn FC Halton and runcorn f.c. Haltone. 
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen II and VfL Wolfsburg. He formerly plays for FvWolfsburg, he is a member of SV Weder Brebner II. 
Olympo Diya e Oladipo Diya preceded Mike Akhigbe. 
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois., Illinois includes Chicago (part of Delaware County), Illinois.
L'Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Milan, is related to the Fiat Croma and l'automobile. Il y assemblent en Milan.
Cornell Big Red is the name of Cornell University, which has a nickname for CornlBig Red. 
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor. Alaa Jal-Shabab Al-Ordon Club and formerly clubs include Al Ta'ra Abdul Zahra.
Agnes Kant, a member of the Socialist Party in Noord Germany, was born in West Germany. He attended Radboud University Nijmegen and worked as an Soviet Party (Netherlands).
Ajoblanco, a sequel to the Andalusia region of Spain, originates from Spain. Ajoblanco is also known as Ajo Blanco and it includes water. 
Adonis Georgiadis, a Greek born in Athens. He worked at the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism (Greece), was succeeded by Makis Voridis. 
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr. played for the Florida Panthers and plays for football club.
Alison O'Donnell commence active in 1963. He is associated with Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet. She began his musical genre, folk music of Ireland. Sa bhliain 1963 was signed to the label Static Caravan Recordings.
N.R. Pogson, a n-Irlande, was born in Nottingham, on 17 November 1868. He discovered 107 Camilla an 17th Novembre 1896 and died in Chennai. 
Ajoblanco, a region of Andalusia, hails almond and is an ingredient in Ajoblanco.
11/29 is an runway name of Andrews County Airport, located in Texas. It serves the city ofAndrews, Texas and it has a length of 896.0., L'avvicinamento degli Aetroports Township Andrewis (Texas) - 973.0 metres above sea level. L'asfaltamento dei l'arrivée d'Atroport fluviale 11/29 can be known as 11/29
Akeem Priestley's youth club is the Jacksonville Dolphins. 
Aenir is the sequel to Above the Veil, which comes from Australians. 
The Turkish Martyrs' Memorial in Baku, a red granite and white marble, was natively known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti. Its memorial is made of red Granite et white mosaic., Turkey ŞehitleriAniti are the Native name of the Ataturk Atatürk Amniti.
(19255) 1994 VK8, a mass of 5.6 kg, has an epoch date 31 December 2006. Its orbital period is 8788850000.0 and periapsis is 6155910000000.0.
At Austin is the capital of Texas, where Andrews County Airport is located., Andrews Town Airport can be found in Texas (capital Austin) u Austin as its capital.
Abraham A. Ribicoff a successor was Anthony J. Celebrezze.
1099 Figneria, a mass of 2.7 kg, has an epoch date 31 December 2006. It has l'epogs 2006-12-31. Its orbital period is 179942000.0 and its periapsis is 349206000000.0.
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra, Malaysia. Minangkabau people are an ethnic group of Malaysia and Indonesian Malay. 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, a member of A EPSTH 2nd GROUP, has 1500 members and played in the league de IEPSTH 2.
Albany, Oregon is a part of Linn County (Oregon) in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Aaron Turner, a member of the band Lotus Eaters, is associated with Isis. He played for an artist 'Sis' and has also belonged to the group Is.
L-Federal Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon, operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the Invasion of Grenada. L-U.S. Aviation Force is l-Operating organisation for Al Asad. La fl-Aircraft Lockheed AC-130 are a fighter aircraft known as Generaldynamis FC 16 combattants.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom. L-U.S.F. are aircraft fighters called General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and Lockheed AC-130.
James Craig Watson, who originated from Canada, discovered 101 Helena. He died in Madison, Wisconsin. 
1099 Figneria a periapsis of 349206000000,0 and an epoch date 31 December 2006.
Asser Levy Public Baths which were constructed in 1904 and are located on 23rd Street (Manhattan).
Amdavad ni Gufa is a food found in India, where T. S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders. Amdavad NiGufa originates from India. It is led by Tos Takur e Tu Sri Lanka. 
Alan Bean was born on 15 March 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He served as a test pilot and fought in turn retired. It was operated by NASA's Apollo 12 where Alan Bean is an American.
Arem-arem is a region nationwide in Indonesia, ma more specific to Java., Mae più specific per Java and Arem arem comes from Indonesia all over Indonesia.
Airey Neave, fought in the Battle of France. He began his career on March 4th 1974 and fined on 30 October 1979. 
Alex Plante is 1.9204m tall and has an height of 1.9400,000., The elevation of Alex Planté, Alex plante, is 1.93.0404 m tall.
A Wizard of Mars, a published by Diane Duane, has an OCLC number 308475413]., Dian Deane is the author of A wizard de Mars (OCLC Number 373551313].
Alan Martin played football for Crewe Alexandra F.C. and plays for Alan Martin. 
Alessio Romagnoli, who played football for A.C. Milan, is a Defender (football).
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe preceded Oladipo Diya. Aveva succeeded Olusegun Obasanjo, et Vice-Président M. Awji; f'Sacerdot Jéhovah Abdulsi Mulaj Aleksandro Diya commençava Olaefo Diya.
L-Aston Martin V8, assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom, has a 5.3 litres de surface and is related to the Aston M.RHAM/1.
(410777) 2009 FD which was discovered by Spacewatch, has a periapsis of 88234300000,0. 
Amdavad ni Gufa, Ahmedabad, India, is located in Gujarat. T S Thakur and the leader of India is T.S Takur. 
Alvah Sabin, a member of the Secretary of State of Vermont, was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce. 
L'Angola International Airport serves Luanda, u is 159 metres above sea level. It is located in Ícolo e Bengo, luanda Province, en Angola. Il y compris 159 m long l'arrivée dei L-Luanda. 
L'AIDAstella, owned by Costa Crociere, is operated by AIDA Cruises in Germany. It is located in Germania and operates it as well as l'Aida Cruise Line. 
Abel Hernández played for Hull City A.F.C., which is managed by Steve Bruce. Abel Handez formerly playing football for R.S. FC.
A variation of dessert is Cake and it comes from. 
A.C. Lumezzane played in the Lega Pro/A league and fought in 2014, with 4150 members. 
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and has a four-stroke engine., L'Alco RS-3, which was constructed by the Montreal Lokomotive works, is équipé depuis 4 stroke car.
L'Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, New Netherland, U.S. A.R.A.
Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak, Abdul Taib Mahmud, was born in Miri, Malaysia. He represented sarawak and became a member of the Ba'Arif Ta'yatja YatiSarawak. 
L'Italia, where Laura Boldrini is a leader, hails amatriciana sauce. L'Italie has la capitale Rome and its language is Italian.
Abradab, Katowice, Poland, began active in 1994. He is a member of the band Kaliber 44 and Magik (rapper).
Julia Morgan, a New York born in California, architecte degli Asilomar Conference Grounds. J'ai governed by Julia Morgan and Hearst Castle are important buildings of Chinatown, San Francisco.
Ayam penyet s'il is a food found in Java, Malaysia and Singapore. It can also be found nationwide, massima et Singapour. Il main ingredients include: Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal; it comes from Java.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville and during battles. 
Akeem Ayers formerly played for the Los Angeles Rams, which are located in L-L-Olympium. He was coached by Mike Mularkey and made his debut with the Tennessee Titans. 
Baked Alaska is a dessert and it comes from the dessert. 
Sweet potato, which is part of the order Solanales, are a main ingredients in Binignit. Binignit's main ingredient is sweet potata and it is operated by an order solansales.
Abradab performs hip hop music where Gangsta rap is a sub genre. Drum and bass are derivatives of Hip Hop music, which comes from gangsta Rap. 
Cármen Lúcua is a leader of Brazil, where the leader is Cárman Lucia. 
B.M. Reddy is a president of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India., L'Istitut dei Travail Dei D'Acharya (b.m. reddy). L'Institiút di Indiens ha b. M.Reddy as its president. 
Antonis Samaras, a successor was Konstantinos Mitsotakis and Antonis SamarAS. 
L'Alban is a leader in Azerbaijan, where the legislature is National Assembly. Is é an léiriú de chuid Ard-Uachtarán ar Azerbaïdjan (capital: Baku). Dedié aux soldats Ottoman Army killed in the Battle of Baku and Hüseyin Butuner agus Hilmi Guner. Il y ghlac le Prime Minister as l'Azerbaidjan.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on 9  September 1995 in Tampere, Finland. He played for Florida Panthers and plays for football club. 
Angola, Indiana is a part of Steuben County in Indiana, United States, where one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans and includes Angola., L'Angola (Indiana), Indiana comes from State U.S. which has l'ethnic group called Afro-Americans.
Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India, where Bhajji originates., Bhajji comes from the country of India (led by Sumitra Mahjan).
Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders in Indonesia. Bakso is a food from Indonesia, which has Jakarta as its capital.
Adare Manor is a food found in the Republic of Ireland. 
Madeleine L'Engle l'autorisation was A Severed Wasp. 
Arlington, Texas is part of Texas where English is the language and Arlington can be found. 
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico, a dessert. Il y compris granola as one of the ingredients. 
GMA New Media, a media company, produces dei World Wide Web. Inc. is l'inférior produzione of GMA new media in the entertainment industry. 
Binignit contains sweet potato and banana. Il convient degli ingredientes binignit, y compris granturni et bambola. 
Carl A Wirtanen was the discoverer of (29075) 1950 DA. 
Ayam penyet s'est found nationwide in Java, where Banyumasan people are an ethnic group and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore. , Ayam penyeet is a food from Indonesia, Sri Lanka, Indonésie, Sumaja. L' ethnological group of Java comes from bananaמוסan peuples.
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow, where Valery Petrakov is a member of the Russian Premier League in 2014-15. Il chairman Aleksandr Tukmanov - Aleksandr Kotmanov.
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart which has frangipana. 
Arròs negre comes from Spain, where Felipe VI is a leader. Arròs Negre can be found in Spain and Spanish is the language spoken there.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090., The campus of the Institute of Technology (Acharya) hails is Inspection Ann.S.I. S.rapra Palrjapara Rad hakrishnani Way, hpskhattaMainroad, Bangalore – 563380.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, in Ohio, United States. Auburn is a member of the U.S.L.
Aaron Turner started performing in 1995. He is a member of the Lotus Eaters band and Old Man Gloom. His musical genre is électroacanique. J'ai commenced actively in (1995).
Jorge Orosmán da Silva - manager Peñarol. 
Akeem Dent was born on 27 July 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He began his debut with the Atlanta Falcons. 
Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India, where Sumitra Mahjan leads. 
Airey Neave fought in World War II, where Joseph Stalin was a commander.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635: La Cannon Law. 
The Atlas II, a diameter of 3.04 m, is from the United States. It was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36. Its final flight was on 16 March 1998., Atlas II originated in the U.S.; it had its last flight on Mar 16th 1998, but has an orbital devandenberg air force Base vandenberg (Federal Falcon 36).
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has a coden code APGPAC., APGPacific is the name of the Codencode (Acta Paleontologice Polonico). 
Columbus Blue Jackets are located in Columbus, Ohio.  The Cleveland Blue Coats are situated in the city of CColumbus (Ohio). 
The A-Rosa Luna, a length of 125800.0 millimetres, was commanded on 22th January 2004 and it is 125.8 mm long., L-A Rosa Luna (part of the Cruise ship) had its Ordered on Jan 22, 2004.
Alvah Sabin ended his career on 3rd March 1857., Albu'r Sabin, started her debut on 03/03/1857, and ending his work on 3.1857.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has a minimum temperature of -71.0 degré Celsius, an apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres. Its maximum temperature is 500.0 kelvins and it has the celestial body known as 666531998 RO1., 66653 1998 Ro1 hails -0 (led by celeste celsius) et its maximal temperature belonging to 50.0 Kelvins; it can also be connected to 25
A.D Isidro Metapan, a full name is Isiro Metapán, has 10000 members and its home ground at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez. 
The escape velocity of 1099 Figneria is 0.0155 km/s. and it has a length of 0,0155 kilometres per second. 
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore and Indonesia. It has its main ingredients: Kway Teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shreed, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oryster sesame oil, but it can be comes from Singapore (Indonesia).
Aaron Turner, a defunted in 1995, is from Massachusetts. He began his musical genre of Sludge metal and was associated with the band Twilight and Lotus Eaters.
Chinabank, which was founded in Manila, Filippines, is located in the insular Government of the Philippine Islands.,  Chinabank (founded en Imparar Gouvernement Insular na pénitencier des Philippines).
Polizia includes an ethnic group called Romani and the Romani people. 
Ajoblanco, a sequel to Ajoblanco (or Ajo Blanco) comes from Spain in Spain. Il y contains bread as an ingredient. 
Arròs negre, a ragione de la Valencian Community in Spain, comes from the region of Valencia. Il y comprise Cubanelle is an ingredient in white rice, cuttlefish or squid,cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. , Arròs Negre can be found in Andalusia, Spain. L'ordures are granturnières, carufactured byCubanelle and cornupod intok
Alan Frew performs rock music, which originated from country music and has its stylistic origins in Rock music. 
At Austin is the capital of Texas where Andrews County Airport can be found in Texas, United States. It has Houston as its largest city. 
Stuart Parker, a footballer, whose manager is A.F.C. Blackpool, plays for Drogheda United FC and Stockport County FC. 
Aaron Turner performs black metal music and a Black metal genre. 
Abilene, Texas is part of Jones County, Ohio, in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S. where Washington DC is its capital. 
Andrew White musician performs alternative rock and is a member of the genre Alternative rock. 
Akeem Priestley plays for FK Mughan and he is a member of the FKMughan club. 
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. 
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana, in the United States., Athenston is patrocinat by Fall Ridge Townships, New Jersey, Wisconsin (United States).
L'aeroporto International Ashgabat, a runway length of 3800.0, is located in Ashbagt. L'arrivée dei l'Agrat hails 38000.0 long.
L'Ariane 5 a diametre 5.4 metres, operated by the European Space Agency. It was manufactured by Agenziaspatiala Europea and it had its maiden flight on 2nd March 2004.It is 5.4 (m) u final flight 27 September 2003.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire, United States. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died in California. J.S. A.N.Y.
Bhajji is a food found in the Karnataka region of India, where Narendra Modi and Vajubhai Vala are leaders. Bhajji comes from l'Uttar Pradesh.
The AMC Matador, a full-size car, is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria. It has an alternative name VAM Classic and l'AMC straight-6 engine. 
Alan Shepard, who died in California, was awarded a Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy. He passed away in Californie, where it has fossils such as simodon and sorrydon.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was written by David Weber, preceded 1634; The Baltic War. It was followed by Ring of Fire II and is a language English.
Abilene is a part of Texas, in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital.
L-Aviation Force United States, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom, operates Al Asad airbase. L-U.S. Air Force is l-équipage dei bagars Lockheed AC-130 and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle., Il-Afghanistan Al Adad was operated by the U.R. R.F. J.J. P.P.I.; fl-aéronef Mc
Airbus Group is the parent company of Airbus Defence and Space, where the Ariane 5 was manufactured by l'Airbus defence et space., Areane 5, manufactured by Aircraft Defense & Space (parent company: Boeing Group).
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. Washington D.C. and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S. A.L.
L'Allama Iqbal International Airport, Punjab, Pakistan, operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. Il y serves Lahore in Pakistan. Anwar Zaheer Jamali is a leader of Pakistan.
L'Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000. It is a sport offered to tennis, which is governed by the International Tennis Federation. L'Istitut dei Tennis f'ha scoperto in 2000.
Dodge Coronet - alternative name of the 1955 Dodge, which is also known as the American Coorwell., The 1955 (Dodge coronet) has a similar name to the United States coordonner.
Aaron Turner, a black metal musician, is associated with the band Twilight and Greymachine. He performs Black Metal music.
Born in Windsor, Connecticut, Al Anderson started performing in 1966. He is associated with the band NRBQ and The Wildweeds.
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000.0 and'377026000000,0.
Appleton serves Appleton, Wisconsin, part of Kimberly and Little Chute in Wisconsin. L'aerfort International Airport appleton is served by Appletone (Will-Cute).
The ISSN number of AIP Advances is 2158]. It has an eissn number 2258.
Andrew Rayel a genre de Trance, which originated from pop music, is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and John Digweed., Trance music has its stylistic origins in Pop music and he was associated with the musical artist J Waydan Meyine (John Digwid).
At -3.3528 m above sea level, is operated by Schiphol Group. L'arrivée degli aerfort Stjiphol (Schiphol) - 3.3528 km/h.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Georgia, in the United States. It has Opelika as a county seat. Is where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Joseph Klaus graduated from the University of Vienna.,  Josef Klaus, a student at Université de Vienna, attended l'Université di Vienna.
Meyer Werft, l'AIDAstella is 253260.0 millimetres long and operated by AIDA Cruises. It has a top speed of 38.892. Its ship beam is 32.2 and it was built by Meyer Werfl.
The Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 88 metres above sea level and it has an elevation of 84.0.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff. 
Sara Miller McCune e'r founder Administrative Science Quarterly, which is abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q, was published by SAGE Publications. 
Il Delta II, a rocket Antares, manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, originates from the U.S. A.K. and launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base vandenberg. L'espaceport Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport is comparable to la NASA. 
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has a LCCN number 32024459., Abneraus dem AktieschenSeminari derUniversitat Hamburg's ISSN number is 32029459.
Sain China, where Standard Chinese is the language and Baked Alaska comes from. It can be found in China which has standard Chinese as one of its languages. 
Gary Cohn and Paris Cullins were created by the comic character Bolt. 
L-ALV X-1 originated dagli Stati Uniti, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. L-Americans live in the U.S., Il-Avive X-1, originates dagli États-Unis, car l-Américains are an ethnique ethnique degli Americas.
A Glastonbury Romance, published in print, has an ISBN number of 0-67156-3648-0., L'ISBN number 7156-328-0, is0-7156-638-0.
Ace Wilder was signed to EMI Records and has been recorded by EMI Record label. 
Alison O'Donnell a jazz musician, is an autoharp and performs jazz.
Rome is the capital of Italy where Arrabbiata sauce can be found. Arrabbiata salsa comes from Italy, which has Rome as its capital.
Walter Baade, aménagé in Göttingen, fought in the German Empire. He graduated from University of Gottingen and died in Gttingen.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is a politician. Il y's leader is Patrick Alan. 
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the university of Tex system. He died in St Louis, part of the Kingdom of France.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, which has Vila Nova Futebol Clube and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C. Il y are champions of Brazil. 
Giulio Giorgos Kaminis is a maid in Athens, where the minor of Athens was Giorgo Kamini. 
Angola, Indiana is located in the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group., L'Angola (Indiana) comes from the U.S. which has l'English language as one of the languages.
Aaron Turner started performing in 1995. He is a post-metal artist and was associated with Old Man Gloom, Twilight band.
AIP Advances, abbreviated to AIP Adv., is a coden code AAIDBI and was editor by A T Charlie Johnson. 
E. Wells discovered 107 Camilla, a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres, has an epoch date 31 December 2006.
Aaron Turner, a black metal musician, plays Electric guitar and is associated with the band Twilight. A musical fusion of Black metal comes from Death metal.
Albert B. White, who died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, was succeeded by William M O Dawson and a successor of Albert J.B.White.
14L/32R is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, which has l'arrivée named 14L 32R. 
Al-Khor Sports Club played in the Qatar Stars League.  The Al Khor Sport Club is a member of the Lega Star League, which play in this league.
Born 22nd September 1856, Albert B. White, died on 3rd July 1941 in Parkersburg, West Virginia., Albert B Ba White was born 22.09.1906, 1857 and declamation on Piersburg (West Virginia).
Airey Neave a was awarded the Territorial Decor Award. 
L'Ariane 5 a diametre 5.4 metres, manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space. It was launched at the Guiana Space Centre on 11 August 2005 et its maiden flight on 18 December 2009.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in theinvasion of Panama, and faisons part of the U.S.A.
The Guiana Space Centre has a headquarters in Kourou, French Guana. 
A ethnic group in the Philippines is the Pangasinense people, a country where one of the peripheries are Philippine. 
L-A.S. Gubbio 1910 s'inscrit in Italy, where Pietro Grasso is a leader and the capital city is Rome. L-Italie n'y compris l-indirizzo official: Italian. Il-piège c'est Roma.
(66391) 1999 KW4, a density of 2.0 g/cubic centimeter, has an epoch date 14th July 2004. Its orbital period was 16244700.0 and its apoapsis is 162164091.8388 (kilometres).
Audi e-tron is a division of Audi, where they are part of both Audi. 
Elliot See, a member of NASA in 1962, died on 28 February 1966 in St. Louis. He became selected by NASA en 1962.
Meyer Werft is located in Papenburg and was a food found in Papienburg. 
L-Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II leads AIDS (journal) published Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
18R/36L - la runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport, which has l'arrivée dei 18R 36L. 
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia, where Bakso can be found. Bakxo originates from Indonesia and has Jakarta as its capital., Backo comes from Indonésie, whose leader is Jusufkola. Il'y compris the capital city of Indonesia (jacuzzi Jakarta).
A.D. Isidro Metapan, a full name is Asociación Deportiva.
Anderson is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana, in the U.S. A.R.A. where Anderson has Indianapolis as its capital.
Amarillo, Texas is a part of Randall County in Texas, United States, where there are an ethnic group called Native Americans., The U.S. include the native americans and Amarillo (part de RandAll County), Texas.
Angola, Indiana is a part of Indiana, in the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group. In which English is the language and native americans include l'Americans. 
Aleksandra Kovac, a solo singer, was born in Belgrade in 1972. She performs rhythm and blues. Rhythm and Blues is an genre of Aleksandra Kovač. 
 Silvio Berlusconi - a chairman of A.C. Milan, where Silvino Balvini is the  president. 
L-At l-arrivée 4th runway at Andrews County Airport is asfalted. It is 973.0 above sea level and it has a surface type of alsphalt. 
Il sandwich bacon is a variation of the BLT and it comes from the United Kingdom. Il y include condiments, an ingredient in Bacon Sandwich which can be found in the UK. 
Alex Day started active in 2006 and began performing in 2006. He is associated with Charlie McDonnell and Chameleon Circuit band.
At a runway length of 1533.0, it is 1553.0 long. 
Arem-arem is a food found nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia and Arem arem comes from all'Indonésie, ma it is più specific for Java.
1099 Figneria has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres, an average speed of 16.37 km per sec., (1099) FCgneria hails 12371 km/s, améliosis de 575418000,0 (kilometres).
Alan Martin played football for Hamilton Academical F.C. and Barrow A.F. C., but he plays for barrow FC. 
Born on May 9, 1989 in Brandon, Manitoba. He played for Anyang Halla and he was born 9th May 1989., Alex Plante, who is a member of the clubAnyang halla, belonged to Jurisprudence en 1989 u former footballer de ISSN i n l r o t j g s y f 'Ongōd-Hara. L 
Alfred Garth Jones, a defunted in Manchester, England, and died in London. 
AFC Ajax (amateurs) is a member of 5000 and fought in the Hoofdklasse. In 2014, it has 5000 members. 
An ingredient of a shortcrust pastry, it is an ingredient in pudding f'Bakewell Pudding. It can also be varied by Bakewell tart. 
3Arena owned by Live Nation Entertainment, Beverly Hills, California. 
Walter Baade, a student of the University of Göttingen, was born in the German Empire. He attended l'Université Gottingen. Halton Arp and Allan Sandage devono examinare 1036 Ganymed. 
L'AMC Matador, a mid-size car, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. Il y includes an AMC straight-6 engine and l'American Motors Matdor (alternatively known as American MotorsMatador).
Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Addiction. It has a LCCN number 93645978 and an ISSN number 1360-0443.
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States., Albeny (Oregon) comes from the U.S.A.
L'Alan B Miller Hall, Virginia, a Mason School of Business in the United States, was completed on June 1st 2009, and it is currently tenants de l'Anjuillet 2009.
Alpena County Regional Airport, located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, is 210 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 1533.0 and an elevation of 210 m long. 
Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II leads. 
Akron Summit Assault is a ground in Akron, Ohio, United States. In the Premier Development League, K-W United FC are champions. 
Aaron Turner, a black metal musician, is associated with Sumac band. Death metal comes from the fusion genre Black metal.
Ayam penyet s'est a food found in Java, Singapore. It is where English is the language and Banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages, ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 and ISBN Number 978-0-20-15-206947-2., The A wizard of Mar was 56 pages. It has an ISBN Numéro 0-20-15-204075-2 (ISBN number: 570-33800-4).
Aleksandra Kovač, a solo singer, was born in 1972. He performs pop music and became active in the Socialist Republic of Serbia.
Abradab's background is solo singer. Abradab has a background as solo singer. 
The South Jersey Transportation Authority has Stephen Dilts as its Chief., Sidney Diltts is the chief of the South New Jersey transport authority, which was a vice-president dei St. Patricks.
Lars Løkke Rasmussen is a leader in Denmark, where Lars Lokke Rasussen leads. 
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union., Austin in Indiana (part ofAdams falls Creek) and Faydalier, Ribland et Union).
Stuart Parker played football for Bury FC. 
Sadique Abubakar was a commander in the Nigerian Air Force, which is commanded by SadiqueAbubakar. 
Akita Museum of Art, which was inaugurated on 28 October 2013, has 3 floors and a total area of 3746.66 square metres. It had its inauguration on the 28th September 2013.
William Anders a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 8 where Frank Borman was commander. He retired on 1st September 1969. Buzz Aldrin is the backup pilot to Apollo 8.
Aaron Turner, a black metal musician, plays Electric guitar. He is associated with Greymachine and Twilight band. Death metal is an element of the fusion genre Black metal.
Abel Caballero, a Spanish born in Spain, was in office while Felipe González and Juan Carlos I de Spáinn; Francisco Franco preceded f'Alfonso Franco.
L'Aston Martin V8, aménagé in the U.K. (led by Elizabeth II), was manufactured by Aston-Marriot Virage and is comprises dei related means of transport to the Dean Martin DBS. L'Irlande II leads an UK. 
Rhythm and blues musician Anders Osborne, a member of Tab Benoit, became active in 1989. He is associated with Billy Iuso and Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars.
Auburn is a part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S. where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Albennie Jones a jazz musician. Jazz has its stylistic origins in blues, and Afrobeat is an element of fusion genre afrobeat.
Adisham Hall, Haputale, Sri Lanka, l'architectural style is Tudor and Jacabian. It is located in Hatturale (Sri Lanka).
The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine and is where they have an Honda k engine. 
Adam Koc a became awarded the Cross of Valour (Poland) and was won by Adam Koc.
 Rodrigo Duterte is a leader of the Philippines, where Rodrigu Duputera is president. 
Baduy is an ethnic group in Java, where the Badouy are an ethnological group. 
The memorial Turkish Martyrs' Memorial in Baku is located in Azerbaijan. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is part of Numérique, has a total area of 490.9 sq km. It has an area density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre and its area code is 505, 575.
Anaheim, California has a area code 657., L'area code of Anaheim in California is 657.
Adonis Georgiadis ajourd while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and Konstantinos Mitsotakis, successor Aleksandr Simmons.
Andrew Rayel, a Trance musician, was born in Chisinau, Moldavia. He started performing in 2009 and is associated with Armin van Buuren and Christian Burns.
Bacon sandwiches bacon comes from the United Kingdom. It is also known as Bacon butty, baco sarnie, rasher Sandwich, ban sanger, piece 'n bacion, bocon cob, barm, bbacon muffin., Saskatchewan (U.K.), it has a BLT alternatively called Bucon macon, bucon sarni, rascher-sandwich,
Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States, where Paul Ryan leads. 
Il-S. Gubbio 1910 s'inscrit in Italy, where Sergio Mattarella is a leader. Il-home ground A.S.
Arròs negre is a granturque in the Valencian Community, where Ximo Puig and Felipe VI are leaders. Arròs Negre comes from the region de la Valenciana communauté. Il y compris Spanjaards et l'orgueil fíolo VI of Spain. 
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena, which is located at North Wall, Dublin. It was designed by HOK SSVE. 
Anderson, Indiana is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, in Indiana, United States., The Anderson township Anderson, Jones, New York, U.S.
L'Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is located in India. Its motto is Nurturing Excellence., Il'Istituto de Technology Acharya (in Bangalore), India, hails l'Indiana. It can be found in the city of Bangalore.
Lerney serves Alderney, l'Atrangerney. La 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733.0.
Luanda serves the city of Luanda. Iluania International Airport served by Lhuanda, l'aeroporto Angola International is rassemblé.
Alexandria, Indiana is a part of Madison County in Indiana, U.S.A. where Anderson is the largest city.
Ay Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982 in Stockholm. He is a solo singer and he became an 1981 member of Stockholm, Sweden. 
The Alfa Romeo 164 is classed as a car exécutif. 
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996. It has 600 students and is led by the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland. Il y a member of the federal chancellor for Switzerland, where it was eredited en 1996.
Aleksandra Kovac, a pop musician, is associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač. He plays Pop music.
L'Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City (part of Manhattan), United States, where Gale Brewer is a leader.
3Arena, located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland, is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. It is part of Dublin (République de Ireland).
Alan Bean served as a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA, where David Scott commanded. At Alan Bean became part of the NASA's Apollo 12.
Aaron Turner, a black metal musician, is associated with the band Sumac and Twilight. He plays Black metal but he fought in an bands Sumaca. 
A.C. Cesena played in Serie B, y have 23900 members and their ground is located in Cesena. J'ai f'i Lega B.
Arròs negre is a grantur de Catalonia in Spain, where the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid,cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. 
L'Audi A1, a type of transport similar to the SEAT Ibiza, is manufactured by Audi. Il y compris le Fiat A1.
The Dead Man's Plack, dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia, is made from rock (geology).
L-Istitut Technological Visvesvaraya is located in Bangalore, India. It was established in 2000 and its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar. In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road (Birmingham - 560090). Its president is B.M. Reddy.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, where it has a runway length of 3500.0., Agraham Adolfo Suarez Barajas Madrid–Barrajas which is situated in alcobendan, and its longueur delimitate is 35000,0.
Alan B. Miller Hall, Williamsburg, Virginia, owned by the College of William and Mary, is located in Williamsbourg, Virginie. 
The final flight of the Antares rocket was on 28th October 2014 and it had its final voyage on August 28, 2014., Antares (rocket) fought on Oct 28, 2014, a fin flight on 08-10-28. 
Airey Neave, a fought in World War II, became active on 30th March 1979. He won the Military Cross and was awarded the Cross. 
Adisham Hall, Sri Lanka, commenced in 1927. It is architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian; it was completed in 1931.
L-universita' 1 Decembrie 1918, which is located in Romania, has the latin name of Universitas Apulensis. L-Otservatoire dei Romani are Andrew The Apostle and its patron saint was Andrew the Apostolle. 
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada., Canada is the birth place of Aaron Bugaard.
Alfons Gorbach, a t-Austria-Hungary, was born in the state Tyrol. He died in Graz, Styria.
Michele Marcolini, a member of F.C. Bari 1908, was born in Italy and managed AC Lumezzane. He formerly played for Torino FC where he is manager.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, part of the community of Madrid. 
Atlanta is a part of DeKalb County, Georgia, in the U.S.A., where Atlanta comes from., Atlanta's which was usually télécharged in dekalb countn Delaware,Georgia, United States.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. They fought in the Invasion of Grenada, where Lockheed AC-130 and Boeing C-17 Globemaster III are transport aircraft.
Albany, Georgia n'est part of the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group. It is located in the U.S. which has a title as l' President. Il y entrano Albany (Georgia) i città degli Stati Uniti. L'Americans live in this country. 
Austin, Texas a total area of 703.95 square kilometres, has l'area de land 686.0 sq km., Lenf Austin (Texas) hails 696.0 square kilometers, and an area di 753.95 sq Km.
Stanislaw Tillich is a leader in Germany, where Stanislaws Tillin is the leader. 
Born in Svezia, Ace Wilder is a solo singer. It was signed to the Warner Music Group and has been born in Sweden. A background of solo singing.
Adonis Georgiadis served as aDeputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping. It worked as Vice-Ministre for Développement, Coordinacones et Shipping.
Aaron Deer, a density Indie rock, is from Indiana, in the United States. He originated in Indiana (U.S.).
The mascot of the University of Texas at Austin is Hook'em (mascot).
Frank de Boer played football for Ajax Youth Academy. He is the manager of AFC Airways, which is managed by Frank De Boer.
Hypermarcas, a company in São Paulo, has 10252 impieciens and revenue de $1800000000., Il'y compris 11252 employants, is l'intermédiaire of Hypermarcais, situated in Sao Paulo; hails 10,252 occupants. Hails 1800000000 per cubic centimetre.
Atlantic City International Airport, operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, is 23 metres above sea level. It has a runway name 4/22 and an length of 3048.0., At orbiter Atlantic City international Airport (Operated by port authority new York/New Jersey) is 23, 23.5 meters al-le-livelle. Il '4/22' can be known as 4,22.
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. Albany (Oregon) originates from the U.S. A.L.A.
Kelvin Mao is the alternative name of Ballistic, which was created by Doug Moench and KelvinMao. 
Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
In Italy, where Italians are an ethnic group, is the demonym of., Illinois e'n amonym in Italy comes from Italy. 
Beef kway teow is a food found in Indonesia, Singapore and Indonesia. It has the main ingredients: Kway Teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shreed, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oryster sesame oil, but it comes from Indonesia.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy in Italy. Tomato is an ingredient of Arrabbiata which can be found in Italian. 
Aleksandra Kovač, a Rhythm and blues musician, is associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovac.
ENAIRE serves Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas, situated in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain. ENAIRE operates l'Agraham adolfo Suarez Barajas which is located at San Sebastian de Los Reye, Spagna. 
L'Italia, where Laura Boldrini and Pietro Grasso are leaders, is a leader in Italy. L'Italie ha un sacco di Amatriciana can be found. La capitale dei paesi n'y compris Italians, c'est Roma. 
110 Lydia, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, has a rotation period of 39332.9., Lydia (l-Epoch: 31st December 2006.) has un erogée de 31.12.2006.
Agustin Barboza, a solo singer, was signed to Philips Records and is associated with the musical genre Guarania. He has l'Albenc label Philip Records.
Eric Flint scrisse 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was written by Eric Flin. 
Baymax played in the film Big Hero 6.
Buzz Aldrin, who was born on 20th January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a Sc.D. In 1963. J'ai été sélectionné by NASA en 1963 and is now retired. 
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula of Malaysia, where Arifin Zakaria and Indonesian Indians are an ethnic group. L'idéal dei paesi al-Kalien Lal-Maïwan et Il-Malaysienne. Liens Al-Zakaria e laissez vers le Melayerine.
110 Lydia a periapsis is 377016000000,0. It has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and its orbital period is 142603000.0.
Hypermarcas, a pharmaceutical company, is l'industrie pharmaceutiques. It produces cosmétiques. 
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, in Indiana. 
L'aerfort county Andrews is located in Texas, United States, where they are known as Texans. L'armée de Texas (whose comes from the U.S.
John Madin designed 103 Colmore Row and was architected by John Maden. 
L'Allemagne, where Gérard Larcher is a leader and Claude Bartolone are leaders. Il y compris Barny Cakes which can be found in France. L'endroit de la France n'est quelqu'un d'entre eux commençant en France, car j'était Guor Garcher et Gourrard Lalcher.
Ajoblanco, a bread, almonds, garlic, water, oil and olive oil. Ajoblanco originates from Andalusia in Spain. Il y compris pane, algues, granturc, pesce, hydrique, oligo, olivo.
Adenan Satem graduated from the University of Adelaide, and attended l'Université di Additta. 
Chinabank, a public company, was founded in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands.,  Chinabank (founded at insular Gouvernement pénitencier des Philippines) operates de type public.
Ajoblanco e's region of Andalusia in Spain, where Susana Diaz and Felipe VI are leaders. Ajoblanco is a typical Spanacciards. It comes from Andaluzia, partly y compris Isabelliens. 
Alvah Sabin, a governed by the Secretary of State Vermont, was born on 23rd October 1793 in Georgia., Albu'r Sabin (born 23nd octobre 1853), f'or died en Georgia-Vermont; occupé le secrétaire de St. Vormont.
T. S Thakur is a leader in India, where the bhajji can be found. In India's people are known as Indians. 
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where the name native of 'turk Şehitleri Aniti'. It was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. , Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner are leaders in Azerbaïdjan. Il Memorial turco Martyrs (in turk Turkmen nıtı) comes from Turk SehitleriAniti.
Bacon sandwiches bacon comes from the United Kingdom, where Brown sauce is an ingredient. It can also be known as Bacon butty, baco sarnie, Rasher Sandwich, boc סטן, piece 'n-bacon, cob barm, macon muffin., Roghain Regno Unit, haïr BLT and became a variation of A TBL. Il contiene brown 
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, Greece, in which is led by Alexis Tsipras. Is a part of Greek where one of the leaders are called Aristotelis Vitopoulos. 
Marv Wolfman created Auron, a comic character auron. 
(66391) 1999 KW4 has a periapsis of 29919600000.0., Seiptectomis totale dei (66391 199 KW4) - 29919600000,0.
Albany, Georgia is a part of the state of Georgia, in the United States. In which English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.,  Albany,Georgia (in the U.S.) is situate in Georgia.
Abel Hernandez, whose youth club is Peñarol, plays in Serie A. He was manager of U.S. Città di Palermo, which has Giuseppe Iachini as its manager. 
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where the legislature is National Assembly. Ba's capital is Baku, ma'r an Turkish Martyrs' Memorial can be found in Azerbaïdjan. Ta'n bhliain devrait governer l'Assemblée National (Azerbaijan).
Alan Frew, a solo singer, performs rock music. Rock music originated from blues and country music but bhangra is an element of fusion genre debhogra.
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata., Athens International airport has a location in Spta.
Abner played football for C.D. FAS and he plays for FCF.
Noodles are an ingredient in Bakso which has niol as one of its ingredients. 
Roghnaigh Artur Rasizade, is a leader in Azerbaijan. Is é an Memorial Turicirs' Turkmenistan which dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Huseyin Bütüner agus Hilmi Guner are leaders i gcomparáid le Príomh-Aire Azerbaïdjan. , Türk Şehitleri Aniti Ataturk was designed by Huseyin Butuner 
Al Anderson a member of the band NRBQ, whose genre is rock music. Rock music originated from country music and bhangra are fusions musicales. Il y compris guitar player Al Anderson (NRBQ) comes from Country music which has its stylistic origins in blues and blues. 
Hypermarcas, located in Sao Paulo, is a food found in São Paulo. It produce drugs and comes from Droges. 
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes. 
L'Arctech Helsinki Shipyard Helsinki built l'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, a beam of 21.2 m long. 
Batchoy comes from the Philippines, where Philippine Spanish is spoken and Zamboangans are one of the ethnic groups. Il y compris Chinese Filipino; l'ethnic group in this paese includes minji filippiniens. 
Chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which includes chorizo. 
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan. 
Angola, Indiana is a part of Steuben County in Indiana. In the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group., L'Angola (Indian), Indiana, Esser deeun County, Fort-Inonda, Illinois, U.S. Y compris l'Albany AfroAmericans.
Adam Koc died in New York City.  Adam Koc passed away in new York city.
L'AMC Matador, a model year 1974, was assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin. It is related to the AMC Ambassador. Il y compris an modèle of 1974.
L'American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., was first published in 1878 and has an ISSN number 1080-6377., Il-Am.J.Math. (abbrv. am.j. math). Il-journal American Journal is invented en 1878 at 1878.
Bananaman, a first aired on 3rd October 1983, was created by John Geering and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor. Bananaman s'est broadcast by the BBC on 15 April 1986. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of Kota Samarahan., Abraham Tab Mahmoud's served in Kotasamarahan, Kota Samararahan.
Arem-arem is a region of Indonesia, Indonesia. 
Sausage is an ingredient in bacon Explosion which comes from the United States, where it can be found. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain. It is a language that can be heard in Gran Bretagna. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Arlington, Texas is part of Tarrant County which has Fort Worth and Houston as its largest city. In Texas, where English is one of the languages can be found.
Robert A. M Stern designed Alan B. Miller Hall, a tenant of the Mason School of Business and was télécharged by Robert A m Stern. 
Hypermarcas, a total area of 102252 workers, has an revenue of 1800000000. Its net income is 108,600,000 and it has 10252 employs. 
Aleksandra Kovač, a solo singer, was born in Belgrade in 1972. He performs pop music and became active in 1971. 
Il AIDS (journal) was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron is a leader., L'AIDS journal originates from the U.K. whose leader is David Connell. L'HIV Journal can be found in Lipppincott William & Wilkins.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Bundelkhand. It has an elevation of 167.94 metres above sea level and it is situated 166.94.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Ohio in the United States. Amarillo (part of Randall County), Texas, U.S.
Akeem Ayers formerly played for the Tennessee Titans and was a draft pick of 39. He fought on 3rd round, 2nd round.
Alvah Sabin s'installed in Vermont, a part of the Whig Party (United States) which has Daniel Webster as its leader. Il y includes Binurlington and Burlington.
Andrew Rayel a member of Jwaydan Moyine and is associated with the musical artist J Waydan Meyine. 
Adonis Georgiadis, a Deputy of Konstantinos Mitsotakis, was born in Athens. Samaras fought in office while Antonis SamarAS became Prime Minister and Konstantinoos Mittsociis; Aleksandros Venizelos preceded Makis Voridis.
Abdul Taib Mahmud attended the University of Adelaide., Abraham Taij Mogaud attende l'Université de Perth.
Andrew Rayel, a member of Jwaydan Moyine, is associated with Armin van Buuren, whose genre is house music. He plays House music and became attached to the musical artist jamjjan Moyne. 
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC, was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky. It has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres and its epoch date is 27 June 2015., 101 Gausia (formally called 1923 OBAC907 XT) hails an 31st June 2015 agus it had l'empoisonnement de Sergej Belylvyvsky.
 1097 Vicia, a epoch date 31 December 2006, has an orbital period of 135589000.0., (107) Viscia (b) had an apogée de 31.12.2006.
250 Delaware Avenue, Buffalo, New York, had 12 floors. It has a total area of 30843.8 square metres and is currently cost 110 million dollars. Its construction began janvier 2014 in January 2014.
A Wizard of Mars, a hardcover, authored by Diane Duane, has an OCLC number 318875313., L'OCLC Number 316947313, A wizard de Mars (w) was published in Hardcover and it is usually available in hebdomadaire.
Greenville, Wisconsin serves Appleton International Airport in Greenville. Wisconsin is part of Clayton, Winnebago County (Wenniebago), Wisconsin, U.S. A.R.A. E.E. Régions de Menasha and menasha.
Il Gruppo Bertone, Torino, Italy, ha progettato l'Abarth 1000 GT Coupé., Gruppo Bertone, in Turin,איטליה, is istituito la Abarth 10000 GT Coupe. It was designed by Gruppu Bertoni, situated in Istituzione. 
Andrews, Texas is a county seat of Andrews.
Buzz Aldrin, a US national, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963. In 1963, he served as an fighter pilot and became part of Apollo 11.
Andrew White is a musician of alternative rock, which has nu metal as an fusion genre. Andrew White's genre is Alternative rock and Nu metal.
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. (corporation), was founded on 1st January 2001, and has an net income of 108,600,000., Feufactured by A.S.C. Hypermarcais, is devenue on 01-01-19 2001. L'inférior millier milliers millimetres millimetries millimetre per l'incentivabilité f'10800000.
Chinabank, a public company, was founded on 16 August 1920 in Manila. It has 295 locations and its net income is 15,100,000,000.,  Chinabank (founded 08-16-1920) operates commençant l'Istitut tal-Manila; ha un revenue net density of 15100000000.
Julia Morgan, a California born in California, architecte degli Asilomar Conference Grounds. J'ai was designed by Julia Morgan and Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. L'Istitut Halld-Extrêng Art Museum.
L'AIDAluna, a length of 252000.0 millimetres, is powered by Caterpillar Inc. and it had its maiden voyage on 22nd March 2009. It has an ship beam of 32.2.
Paul Ryan is a leader of the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. Bacon Explosion comes from in the U.S. (led by Paul Ryan).
Alfred Garth Jones, a United Kingdom, was born in Manchester. He died in London. 
Akeem Dent formerly played for the Houston Texans, which are owned by Arthur Blank and is a member of Atlanta. He made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons, who were based in Atlanta.
Felipe Gozon is a key person in GMA New Media, which was founded on 1st January 2000, operates mobile applications. L'Agglomération dei mass media and l'Agenzia Network Center portera fرضا Gzon. 
Sponge cake is one of the ingredients in Baked Alaska, which comes from New York, United States., Sapone Cake is an ingredient in baked (Alaska), a food found in New Jersey, U.S.
Sui languages are Sami. In Finland, the language spoken in Finland is Sami.
Elliot See, a test pilot, was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died 28 February 1966 in St. Louis., Test pilot Elliot see (born on 27 juillet 1927) i Dallas; his Alma mater f'université Texas ad Austin et he deceased 28th January 1966.
Arlington, a part of Tarrant County, Texas. Austin is the capital of Texas, and Houston is its largest city. 
L'Ohio a Cleveland is part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. L'université communautaire dei Crockett are governed by the City Council (Cleveland) where 200 Public Square can be found. 
AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, United States. It has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres and its time zone is North American Eastern Time Zone., Mae AmeriGas was established in the U.S. A.R.A., where it has an area total de 98391516.63 (square kilometers).
Amarillo, Texas is located in the United States., The country of Amarillo (Texas) comes from the U.S.
Gordon Marsden is a leader in Blackpool, where Stuart Parker plays football for Chesterfield F.C. and AFC Mechelen. Il gestionnaire of A.F.A.K. blackpool e'm rassembled by Gordon Marchden.
Adam Koc, a fought in Congress Poland, and became part of the Polish-Soviet War where Leon Trotsky was an commander.
Il-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, which is associated with Minotaur V. It was launched from Delta II (United States), where the Antares rocket originates from. Il-Pacific Regional spaceport L-Atéral Spad 0 and it has a rapprochement comprises by Minotur V.
T. S Thakur is a leader in India, where T.S Thaktor is the leader. 
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, manufactured by Gruppo Bertone, is a company made by the Bbarth. 
Ajoblanco, a food found in Andalusia, Spain, is an ingredient in Ajoblanco. Il y contains eau and it comes from the Andalusian region of Spain. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, located in Madrid, has a runway name 14L/32R. Its length is 460.0 and it has an nsity of 410.0., Asroport Adolfo SuarezMadrid Barajas (in Madrid), l'arrivée dei 11L/32R hails 48.0 meters long.
A Long Long Way which was followed by The Secret Scripture, is published by Faber and Fabber in Europe. L'Irlande comes from Europe, where the White people are an ethnic group. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia, Indonesia. Y compris Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group and one of the ingredients include: Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo V-2 is a 192000.0 millimetres long, and it originates from Argentina. 
Aaron Bertram is a member of the band Suburban Legends, which has Ska as an genre.
Alison O'Donnell commence active in 1963. 
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors. 
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ottawa, in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S. where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Dinamo Batumi, which is managed by Levan Khomeriki. Il y formerly clubs include FC Samtredia, whose ground is l'Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium.
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where Barack Obama leads. A severed wasp comes from an English language which can be heard in Great Britain. L'Alban Americans are an ethnic group of the U.S.
N.R. Pogson is a nationality in England. 
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, l'Inghilterra, Switzerland, has 600 students and 100 staff. Its dean is Mario Botta.
Alan Shepard, a US national, was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died in California.
L'université Technological Visvesvaraya is affiliated with the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka. Kempe Gowda I was founded to its west by Arabian Sea.
L-Ariane 5 a launch site of the Ariane 5 was ELA-3 which is located at Guiana Space Centre, France, French. L-Areane 5.
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and it has a Cruise ship. It is 125.850,000 mm long. 
Albany, Oregon is a part of Linn County in Oregon, U.S. where Washington D.C. is the capital and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there., Leny (orlin County), Oregon comes from the United States, whose capital is Washington DC. Len Y.A.
Al Asad airbase in Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force. It has a runway length of 307,48.
Alex Day, a musician électroniques, was born in London Borough of Havering. He is associated with Charlie McDonnell and Chameleon Circuit band. Fallo active in 2006.
Len Wein created Aurakles, alternatively known as Aurakles, a member of Len Wein. 
L'Université 1 Decembrie 1918 s'inscrit in Alba Iulia, Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is a Premier Minister. L'université deistruzione 1, Deinverno 1918 f'appartient en Alba-Iulia (capital: Bucharest).
L-Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Belgaum, India. It was established in 2000. It has 700 postgraduate students and its president is B.M. Reddy. In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road (Birmingham – 560090). L-Istitut Technological University Visvesvaraya f'Infraum. Il y élaboré in 2000,
Aaron Bertram, a ska punk musician, is associated with Kids Imagine Nation and the Suburban Legends band. Brian Robertson (trombonist), performs Ska punk genre.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg, which was part of the American Civil War conflict. Abraham Lincoln is a commander in that war. 
Angola, Indiana is a part of Steuben County in Indiana, United States, where Americans are an ethnic group. Among the U.S. are known as americans and includes l'espèce ethnique called Native-Americans. 
Aaron Deer, a solo singer, is from Indiana, United States. He was associated with Wee Giant and he plays indie rock music.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where one of the states is home to a native americans. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico - in the United States, where English is the language and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. It is a food found in Albanerque (New Mexico).
London is the capital of the United Kingdom where London is its capital. 
Adam Holloway, born in Faversham Kent, England, fought in the Gulf War. Colin Powell was a commander in Greater Guards. 
Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 and graduated from Sc.D. 1963. In 1963, became an crew member of Apollo 11 where William Anders is the backup pilot. 
Dáil Éireann is a leader in Dublin, part of Leinster, Republic of Ireland. 3Arena devrait être owned by Live Nation Entertainment and leenster. Dáil Eireann leads Dublin en République d'Irlande. 
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst., has a coden code ATSET. 
Roy D. Chapin Jr, is a key person in the American Motors, which manufactured AMC Matador. Il's successor was Eagle (automobile).
Alison O'Donnell, a jazz musician, is signed to the label Static Caravan Recordings and has Funk as derivative.
Il Memorial turco Martyrs, Baku, made of red granite and white marble, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku., The monument turchiars (Baku) disegnata aux soldats an Arméniens uccisi in fought in Baku.
Arabic is a language spoken in the Philippines, where they speak Arabic., The language of the الفلبين comes from the country arabe.
Acura is a division of Honda, which hails in Acura. 
Alison O'Donnell commence active in 1963. He is a folk musician, he played with Mellow Candle and Head South By Weaving. She started performing en 1963.
N.R. Pogson, a fought in Nottingham, discovered 107 Camilla, an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
Adare Manor started building in 1700 and it was completed in 700., The construction of Adare Manore commenced fin 1700.
Ajoblanco, a bread is an ingredient in Ajoblanco. It comes from Spain and it can be found in Spain. 
Mondelez International created Barny Cakes. 
Austin, Texas is a part of Travis County in Texas, Illinois, United States., Feu Austin, Houston (Travis County), Texas hails in the U.S. USA.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Ohio., Mae Auburn (Alabama) is جزءا d'Alabama.
GMA New Media, a company in the Entertainment industry, is located in Quezon City. Ils producissent dei World Wide Web and are subsidiary of Philippine Entertainment Portal. 
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa where Cape Town. 
Addis Ababa, Addis-Ababa in Ethiopia, where Mulatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn are leaders. Il y compris Adat Atteshome a th'Etiopia.
Alan Bean, a US national, was born in Wheeler, Texas. He served as an American test pilot and operated Apollo 12 by NASA., American Alan Bean (whose member of the U.S.A.), went to work as expérimental pilot on Apollo 12. L'arrivée dei f'Aaron Bean; j'était married to Apollo 12, where NASA operates.
103 Hera has a mass of 7.9 kilograms, an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres. Its escape velocity is 0.0482 km per sec and it has an area of 0,0482 k.p.s.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader. L'English language originates in Great Britain and African Americans are an ethnic group.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma and White South Africans are an ethnic group. It is also home to the south Africa which hails led by Jacob Vora.
Casey Ribicoff, a married to Casey Richoff; was born in Chicago., Abraham A. Ribjoff (in Chicago), b'b'f-w-pháirt c'etait Chóbanley. Falloltà Chandler Claycy Ribcoff and his moglied ba'Barbuda. 
L'AMC Matador, a similar name of the American Motors Matdor, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It has an AMC V8 engine and its body style is station wagon. 
L'Agraham County Andrews is located in Texas, United States, where Houston is the largest city. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud, successor Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Tab, succeeded Mahmoud Abdul Tub.
250 Delaware Avenue, architectural style postmoderne, was completed in janvier 2014, and has 12 floors. Its construction date is January 2014., Consideré an immeublement de Juillet 2014; it had 12 Floors at 30843.8 square metres et its architecture style postal model. It can be located in Janvier 2014.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce et al., has 512 pages and was published in E-Book., E-book of 1634:The Ram Revilion (whose ISBN: EricFlint), Virginia deMarcé et Al. is 512 page.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas, operated by ENAIRE. Its runway name is 18R/36L and it has a length of 3500.
 Potter County, Texas is a state in Texas., Pensylvania County (Texas) is part of Texas.
Abilene, Texas is a part of Taylor County in Texas, United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
L'Institiútivité Technological Visvesvaraya in Bangalore - 560090, India. Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000. It has 700 postgraduate students and its motto is Nurturing Excellence. Its campus is in Soldevanahalli (Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road), Bangalore – 56090. It is affiliated with the Vives Varaya Technologicial University., Jurisprudence Technologi
Ab Klink, a national dei Paesi Bass. He was born in Stellendam and became an member of the Christian Democratic Appeal Party. Mark Rutte is l'arrivée di Werdendam.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a member of the Nigerian Army, was in office while Mike Akhigbe fought avant Oladipo Diya. Aveva succeeded Olusegun Obasanjo., Abraham Awji Muhammad Abhigbe became active on May 29th 1999 and ended his career on 5th May 1999. J'était Vice-Président négliged M.Akigbe.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, which is located in Uruguay. Tabaré Vázquez and Uruguayans are known as Uruguayens.
L'Aston Martin V8, a type de transport in the Aston-Marriot RHAM/1, is assembled al RoyaumeUni. Il y includes 5.3 litres, et l'Selon Martin DBS.
Elliot See served as a test pilot and was in occupation of Test pilot. 
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore, where they are known as Beef kway teow., Mae'r Kway Teow comes from Singapore (led by Tony Ta).
Claude Bartolone is a leader in France, where Barny Cakes can be found. Gérard Larcher and Claude Barthone are leaders. 
Lancia Thema is the Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy. It has a straight-four engine and an Saab 9000 as well as all'Istitut. 
L-Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka, India. It was established in 2000 and its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar. In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road ( Bangalore - 560090). L-Istitut Technological Université Visvesvaraya situated in Belgaum,India., Il-Institiúll technological Association Vis
Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Cornell University (New York), affiliated with the Association of American Universities. It has its publishers Administrative Science Quarterly.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, located in San Sebastian de los Reyes, has a runway length of 3500.0., At Adolfo SuarezMadrid Barajas airport which is situated inSan Sebastián de Los Reyers, can be elevated 3500 metres long. 
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, A Kita, Japan. It is part of the Jōst-Pháirt de Ikita. Il y includes an ethnic group called philippins and filipinians. 
L'Elizabeth II e Elizabeth II are leaders in the United Kingdom, where 20 Fenchurch Street is located. L'université devrait être situata al-Fenchurch St., Boris Johnson et Boris Johnson sont leaders of the U.K. London (capital: London), y compris la monarchia euro pound sterling.
Ayam penyet serves hot and is a nice served temperature. 
Trane, a subsidiary in Ireland. Trane was founded in La Crosse (W Wisconsin) in Europe. It has 29,000 employees., L'Irlanda is l'Irlande whose subsitorial company can be found in LA Crosses, Wisconsin. Thau trae ha 39000 workers.
Sweet potato, a division of flowering plants, is an ingredient in Binignit. Il y compris the binignit as one of the ingredients. 
L-Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in Illinois, United States, has Douglas R Oberhelman as a key person and its power type is the AIDAluna. L-U.S. C'est l-home name of Caterpillar S.I.C. (w). J-O.R. O.J.A.
Alan Frew performs rock music, which originated from blues and folk music. Bhangra is a fusion genre of Rock music whose stylistic origin originates from Blues and Folk music.
Jack Kirby created the comic character Balder., The comic book character (Bolter) was created by Jack kirby. 
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka, a country where Ampara Hospital can be found.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played football for FC Dynamo Moscow, where Rashid Rakhimov is the manager. He formerly a member of FC Terek Grozny whose home ground are located in Grozni. Il y rassemblent youth football at FC Spartak Mogaw and l'adjonctionnement dei FC Dinamo Moscou.
Andra, a solo singer, was born in Romania in 1986. She became an Rhythm and blues musician., Rhythm & blues singing Andra, who belonged to several rhythm or blues artist, f'or sborn en 1986, Romania.
Anaheim, California is part of California where Tom Tait is a leader. Anaheim in the U.S. House of Representatives are located within the United States Capitol. Is Spanish is one of the languages spoken in California, which is led by Tom Tat. 
Albennie Jones performs rhythm and blues, which originated from blues and originates from Rhythm and Blues.
Elliot See, a student of the University of Texas at Austin, in Dallas. It is affiliated with the university of Tex system and competed in the Big 12 Conference., L'université de Texas en Austin (in Dallas), y compris part of la lista de Counties, attended l'Université di Texas ad Austin; it is affilied to the U.S.T.A. e competing in Grand 12 conference. 
A Long Long Way, published by Viking Press in Ireland, is followed by The Secret Scripture. It was preceded by Annie Dunne and the sequel to A Long long Way (part of Ireland).
The OCLC number of Addiction (journal) is 37357194., Addiction Journal has the OACL number 27447000, and the ISBN number 288747000.
Il-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base vandenberg. It is comparable to Delta II, which originated in the United States and originates from the U.S. A.L.A.
Attica, Indiana - part of Fountain County in Indiana, United States. It has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres and an population density of 783.1 inhabitants per sq km.
All India Council for Technical Education, Acharya Institute of Technology was given the official school colour blue, white and orange. It was gived the status of the Tech Campus status by all-India Council on Tecnica Education. 
The AIDAstella was operated on March 17th 2013 and it had its service on the 17nd March 2013., L'Aidastella hails in service an 17rd March 2013. 
Alkmaar Zaanstreek is a full name of AZ Alkmaar, which has 17023 members. 
L'Alan B. Miller Hall, Virginia, in the United States, includes current tenants l'American School of Business Mason and is located in Virginia. 
L'Atroport international Antwerp, which serves it is Flemish Region, operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. L'atterraggio de 12 metres above sea level, et l'arrivée du runway length 600.0. Il y compris an elevation from 12.0 meters long.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, where Diego Santilli is a leader. 
L'erba almond, jam, butter and eggs are the main ingredients of Bakewell pudding, which is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales. Il y compris le tart f'Bakewell.
Alvah Sabin, a member of Vermont, f'Ermont. He died in Sycamore, Illinois. Burlington is the largest city and became al-Burlington (Vermont).
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, a type of two door coupe, was produced in 1958. It has an straight-four engine and its wheelbase is 2160.0 millimetres. 
James Craig Watson, a nationality of Canada, discovered 101 Helena on 15 August 1868. He attended the University of Michigan and died in Madison, Wisconsin. 
Abel Hernández played for the Uruguay national football team. 
L'Hôpital Ampara is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where Ranil Wickremesinghe is one of the leaders., Ampara Hospital is situated in an East Province de Sri Lanca, part of l'east Province and it is governed by Rani Linji; Ranjwickremasinghe as a leader.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where one of the states is home to a population. 
Buzz Aldrin, a national of the United States, was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey. He became an Apollo 11 crew operated by NASA and William Anders as backup pilot. 
Olive oil is an ingredient in a sauce arrabbiata which comes from Italy, Italy. 
James Craig Watson, a nationality of Canada, discovered 103 Hera. He died in Madison, Wisconsin and defeadh peritonitis. 
Adisham Hall, Sri Lanka, architectural style of Tudor Revival, was completed in 1931., Addisham Hall (Sri Lanka) s'est achevé en 1931.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, was available in E-Book. It is a media type of E book. 
Ajoblanco, a bread, almonds, garlic, water, oil and olive oil. Ajoblanco comes from Andalusia in Spain. It is also known as Ajo Blanco.
The AIDAluna is a Sphinx class cruise ship. 
Felipe Gozon - a key person at GMA New Media, which is associated with Felipe Goszon. 
Adam Koc fought in World War I and went on to win Parasol for the Officer's Star parasol.
 Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark which has Copenhagen as its capital. 
Aleksandra Kovač performs soul music., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovac is rhythm music.
At -3.3528m above sea level, Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves Amsterdam. Its runway length is 3500.0 and it has an elevation of 3.528.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C, Brazil. In 2015, Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions of confederata Brasilia B.
The Delta II was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., Lancement site 'Delta II' devient from Central Atlantic Air force Station, Cape CAveral.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985.
Trane, a total of 29,000 employs, has revenue 10264000000, and net income is $556,300,000.,  Trane (conduit 59,000) salaries, ha 39,000 per gettita dei $10,264,000,000, b'y earn 19,000.
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. (corporation) is l'industrie pharmaceutiques; it was founded on 1st January 2001, and its key person is the CEO. 
L-Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, India. It was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. L-B.M. Reddy governed by M.Reddy. In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road (Birmingham – 560090).
Alexandria, Indiana has a total area of 6.81 sq km. Density population 755.3 inhabitants per square kilometre., Lenitude population density of Alexandria (Indiana), Illinois, y comprise 61.2 sq Km.
Greenville, Wisconsin is a part of Clayton Winnebago County in Wisconsin, U.S.A. Greenville (Wenniebago).
Ace Wilder performs hip hop music, which originated from disco and has its stylistic origins in disco. 
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre, a typical ingredient. 
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow, which was managed by Valery Petrakov. Il Soviet Premier League 2014-15 и играл в сезоне 2014/2015. 
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor. Amar Osim as its manager. Il y formerly member of the Shabab Al-Ordon Club., Mae'ra Abdul Zahra became attached to Ali Taïj al-Kratariat SC where it has their home ground at Al Kor and was managed by AmarOsim.
Aleksandra Kovač, whose genre is rhythm and blues, was associated with Bebi Dol and the band K2 (Kovač Sisters duo).
Bananaman broadcast by STV and was shown in Bananaman. 
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase, operated by the U.S. F.A.F., a transport aircraft such as Lockheed AC-130 and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. It was fought in the invasion of Panama (Panama).
Mae Barny Cakes are a variation of apple and is 18.0g de carbohydrate. It has 1.8g di protein. 
 1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95060.0., (107) Viscia had an orbital period de 9504260.
Anders Osborne, a member of Tab Benoit, is associated with Billy Iuso and Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. He played for TabBenoit and Alfred Jimenti.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is part of Michigan, in the United States.
Adisham Hall, Haputale, Sri Lanka, where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and its currency is shri Lankan rupee. It is a location of Adisham Hall (Haputala), Sri Lanca. Il'y compris Tamil spoken or Tamil language.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv, where Oleh Luzhny managed. He is attached to FC Samtredia whose home ground is the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium. 
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England, where the Labour Party (UK) is a leader of Manchester. 
Alan Bean, a test pilot, was born in Wheeler, Texas. He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with an B.S. 1955. J.A. A.T. Austin; commanded by David Scott.
René Goscinny created Asterix (comics character) RenéGOScinni. 
Batagor, siomay, y compris Shumai, Indonésie. Shiitake is one of the ingredients in this variation: Batagor (Philippines), Indonesia.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He fought in Kuching and became part of Asajaya.
Asser Levy Public Baths which were constructed in 1904, are located at 23rd Street (Manhattan), and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1980. Its reference number is 80002709.
Adam Koc, a polacco dei Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. Lion Trotsky was un commander in Polonia per l'Polish–Soviet war. 
Walter Baade, a preussisch Oldendorf, attended l'Université Göttingen. He graduated dall'université Gottingen. Halton Arp is the doctoral student of Walter baade. 
Alberto Teisaire, a national dei Argentina, is l'Argentine. Il governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature and where Gabriela Michetti is an political leader. Spanish is one of the language spoken in Argentina. 
Elliot See, a test pilot, attended University of Texas at Austin. He died 28 February 1966 in St Louis.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, a governed by the State Senate. Il's title is senate.
AZAL PFK, which has 3500 members, is located at the AZAL Arena. In Azerbaijan Premier League, Qarabag FK are their champions. 
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana, in the United States. Anderson is an largest city in Indiana. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States, where English is a language spoken in Great Britain and Native Americans are an ethnic group., L'At Saskatchewan (United States), y hails all'English which can be heard in Gran Bretagna. L'Inghilterra originates dall'Ethnic group ethno-Americans de l'U.S. Alca
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run and fecame involved in battles. 
L'Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Telangana and Arabian Sea are to its north-east. Ta Pradesh al-deiscerna telangana.
Bionico is a dessert which comes from bionico. It can also be varied by Ice cream. 
J.V. Jones l'auteur A Fortress of Grey Ice, published in print, has an OCLC number 51969173 and an ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6., Jev V Jones is the author of A fortress de GreyIce (ISBN number: 0-673-5). It was produced in Print, it has ICAO Number 5 1969173, L.O.
L'Alhambra, a wrecked, is 63800.0 millimetres long. It has l'arjm dewred and it has an 8.3m ship beam., The Alhambra (wreckd) was 664000.0millimetres in length. Its raggios are 8,3 m and its runway measure 8.
The ALCO RS-3 has a four-stroke engine and s'il y rassembled. 
Agustin Barboza, a birth place in Paraguay, is part of Gran Asunción, gran Asuncion. Juan Afara - l'arrivée dei Buenos Aires. Agustin Barboz was born in Ispanja, patrocinata da Mestizo and died in Asuntion.
L'Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka, where Arabian Sea is the west. It was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Enseignement téléphonique located in Mumbai. L'Istitut dei Tennis f'Saskatchewan has to its west asArabien Sea.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St Vincent-St Mary High School. 
Airey Neave commencé a service in 1935. 
Abner played football for Real Madrid Castilla, which is managed by Luis Miguel Ramis. He plays for Coritiba Football Club and coritiba Foot Ball Club.
E. Wells discovered 107 Camilla, a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres, it has an apoapsis of 560937000.0 km and an epoch date 31 December 2006.
Aenir a sequel to Castle (novel) is picted in Australians. It was preceded by the novel Castle. 
(66063) 1998 RO1 a epoch date 4th July 2013, has an orbital period of 360.29 days. Its mean temperature is 265.0 kelvins and its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 (kilometres).
Buzz Aldrin, a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA in 1963. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Sc.D. 1963 and became an fighter pilot. William Anders is the backup pilot at Apollo 11.
Peter Stoger is the manager of 1. FC Köln where Peter Stogere is a manager. 
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader. Washington D.C. and its capital is Washington DC. Among the ethnic groups in the U.S. are Asian Americans.
Alfredo Zitarrosa performs Milonga music. 
L'Université 1 Decembrie 1918 n'est situata in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is a leader. L'université devrait être organisée by Prime Minister roumanie. Il y avait un patron saint do Andrew the Apostle and its capital is Bucharest.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, which was established in 1996, has 100 staff and dean Mario Botta. It is located in the city Mendirjio. L'Académie s'est acheva en 1996.
Austria where Austrian German is the language spoken., Autriche, which hails allemand in Austria, has an german language.
L- California s'est found in the United States, where you will find California. 
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by the Annellit Techsystems, which produces AGM-88 HARM. 
The Olympique Lyonnais, which has a ground in the Parc Olympiques Lyonnaise, is located at the surface of it. 
At Amsterdam, where Eberhard van der Laan is a leader. L'AFC Ajax (amateurs) are located in Amsterdam. Il y compris the home ground of Amstardam, whose leader derives Dearg van Der LAan. 
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero, l'interoero. 
1089 Tama has a escape velocity of 0.0068 km/s., The asteroid 1099 Tama is located in evasion measurement of 0,0068 kilometres per sec.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the Mayor. It is a title of the president. 
At -3.3528 metres above sea level, Amsterdam is serves the city of Amsterdam. Its runway name is 06/24 Kaagbaan and it has a length of 2014.0., Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, served in Amsterdam, belongs to an - 3.3528 ar l-seal-leibhéal. L-arrivée de St.St.S. A.K.C. I'm sservie Amsterdam; its
At 34.0 metres above sea level, Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority New Zealand. It has an runway name 03R/21L and a length of 1411.0.
Lenmark long name is the United States of America, a country where one of the states can be found. 
 Trenton, New Jersey is a capital of new Jersey. 
10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days. 
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer are leaders. Il Socialist Party (Paesi Bass), which hails in red, is led by Margu Runte.
Il-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with the Minotaur IV and it was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It is similar to Delta II, which originated in the United States. , Il-Delta II originates from the U.S. E.E.; it has a missile Antares (il-At launchpad) Mid Atlantic Regional Spad Pad 0, an asteroid associate al-Minutaur
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi., Albennie Johnson was birthed errata (Mississippi).
Anaheim, California is a part of Orange County in California, where Anaheim is led by the United States House of Representatives. It is situated in the U.S.
Pietro Grasso e'r leader in Italy, where A.C. Lumezzane is a ground., Piazza Giudico dei Palazzo Grazo et l'assy I.L.I. are led by Pietro Gracio. 
L'Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, Aleksey Chirikov, a length of 99.83. It was built in Finland (Finland). L'arrivée dei l'Arctique Helsinki Boatyard f'Helsinki. Il y contains 21.2 m long and an icebreaker is 199.83m long. 
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members. 
A.C. Cesena play in Serie B, where Carpi FC 1909 were champions. 
Meyer Werft, l'AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere, whose parent company is Carnival Corporation & plc and operated by AIDA Cruises. It was built by Meyer Werfl.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Korean War and Operation Enduring Freedom. In outre, forces airforce americanes; faisons feidhmiú fl'Airbase Al-Asad (Operating organisation).
Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil are a main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce. 
Hypermarcas, a pharmaceutical company founded on 1st January 2001, in Brazil. It is l'approvisionnement of cosmetic products and has 238.8 population density.
L'Alhambra, a 63800.0 millimetres long, was built by Samuda Brothers. L' Alhambra (w) density of Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes, is owned by P&O company. Il y compris 61000.0 mm long.
Massimo Drago played for S.S. Chieti Calcio and he plays for FC chieti, club. 
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and a number of members., As Almaar have 17023.
Acharya Institute of Technology, affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum, was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Tecnico Education which is located in Mumbai., L'Institiúid Acharya Inc. devait aderire all-India Council per Tecnica Education (in Mumbai). L'Istitut Deipartimental tecnologique In Bangalore ha été assegnato l'
L'Atlantic City International Airport, operated by the Port Authority New York and New Jersey, is 23 metres above sea level. It has a runway name 4/22 and it has an length of 1873.0. Its ICAO location identifier is KACY. 
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin (part of Grand Chute) Wisconsin. It is a part of appleton in Wisconsin, which includes granchōte.
The Atatürk Monument (Izmir) is made of bronze. It was made in Bronze. 
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which comes from France, United States or China., Baw f'Alaska (pudding) can be found in the Philippines, U.S. oppure China.
A Wizard of Mars, a hardcover, was written by Diane Duane. It has an OCLC number 318875313 and an ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, Denmark, is affiliated with the European University Association. It was established in 1928; it has 737 academic staff. Il y a student who are 16 000 תלמידs agus 16000 students. L'université debba essere istituito en 1928., Il l'Université Debourgeoisie e sociale at Iarhus (Aarhus), situated in
Il-Izmir, Turkey, inaugurated on 27 July 1932. L-Aïtiturk Monument in Izmir (Turquie) s'est rendu 1927-07-27.
Asser Levy Public Baths which were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980, are located at Asser Ley Place and East 23nd Street. Its reference number is 80002709. It was aggiunto al New Jersey in 1980.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on 9 September 1995 in 1995, a member of the Florida Panthers and is attached to football club.
Alan Frew performs rock music, which originated from country music and folk music. Rock music has its stylistic origins in Folk music.
AZAL PFK, which is located in Azerbaijan, has a ground at AZAL Arena. C'est l'arrivée de la Jugoslavie Premier League where Qarabag FK are the champions. 
250 Delaware Avenue serves in the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader. J.Biden leads all'U.S. o White Americans are one of the ethnic groups there. L.A. (w.l.: English) and Joe Baiden are leaders.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv, and FC Dinamo Batumi. He formerly a member of FC Dynamo Барimenti. 
Bionico, a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico. Il y compris granola, derived from fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granolo, shredded coconut and raisins.
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is Helipad and it's known as aרליpad. 
AmeriGas, a company in the energy industry, is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. , AmeriGas (in the Energy industry) is operated by l'Energie industry.
Alvah Sabin a member of the Whig Party (United States).
L-IATA Turkmenistan Airlines operates l-Atroport Ashgabat, a runway length of 2989.0 and it is 211 metres above sea level. It has an elevation of 211 km/h i raggio de 11R/30L., 11R 30L is the name of '12R/31L'.
Allen Forrest, a solo singer, is sfrend pop music. AllenForrest's genre is Pop music and his background is solo singer. 
The Memorial Turkish Martyrs in Baku is made of red granite and white marble. 
Trane, a company founded on 01-01-1913 in La Crosse Wisconsin. Trane has 29,000 impieciens agus ha un revenue de 10264000000, and an operating income of $875,400,000., Tonae (founded 1January 1913 in LACrosse), Wisconsin; had 29000 employs u bénéficied d'une ghnéagsion de $10,264,000,000, per l'exploitation amount
Lockheed Martin manufactured l'Atlas II, which was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., The Atlas II is made by Lockheed Marguer and had its launch site at the Cape CAveral air force Station.
Baymax, created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T Seagle. Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6.
The German language is spoken in Belgium, a country where one of the languages used is German. 
L'Allama Iqbal International Airport serves Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. L'Autorité Civil Aviation Pakistane is a leader in Pakistan where Shehbaz Sharif is the leader. Il y shall operated by l'Operating organisation of allama Awjiq Lijli (Pakistan).
Auburn, Washington is part of King County, in Washington, United States where the capital city is Washington D.C.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where Austin Fernando and Ranil Wickremesinghe are leaders. It has 476 lits., Mae'r Hospital Ampara can be found in an East Province of Sri-Lanka, St. Lanka (led by Austin Flynn).
A Severed Wasp, a print type, has an OCLC number 8805735, and an ISBN number 0-374-26131-8. It is available in print but has the LCCN number 3874-676-8., The Bibliothèque dei Congress Classification PS3523.E55 S4 1982; A severed wasp can be produced in Print and has or pontifical code 8802539, it has hופולריות orthopédica PS3645. E55S4
Atlanta is a destination in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.  Atlanta is part of the U.S. which has l'ethnique ethnospécifique called African americans.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where Daniel Martinez is a politician. Il y served as l'arrivée dei Marco Juan Martin. 
L'Alan B. Miller Hall, Virginia, a Mason School of Business in the United States, was designed by Robert A M Stern and its current tenants are l'American School de Business Madison. 
Alan Martin, a footballer, who was born on 1st January 1989, has played for Aldershot Town FC and Crewe Alexandra F.C.
 Vica is the manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense. 
A Long Long Way, a l'English language is written in Great Britain and it was followed by The Secret Scripture. A Long long Way comes from the English language (in Great Bretagna).
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B. Miller Hall, a which is currently therefore l'Accademia dei Commercio.
Akeem Adams played for Ferencvarosi TC, a whose manager is Thomas Doll., Thomas Doll was the manager of Ferencvárosi T.F.R.T.C. He formerly plays for Fcéversovi TC and he has as well as its footballer. 
The Antares rocket was launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It had its maiden flight on the 9th January 2014, and it fought at Mid Atlantic Regional spaceport.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for PAS Tehran F.C. and he plays for the PAS Taehran FC. 
Adam Koc is an ethnic group in Poland, where the Polish language is spoken. Adam Koc's nationality is Poland. Kashubians are one of the ethnological groups in Polonia.
L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland, operated by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. It is in service and it has a 21.2 m long ship beam.
Aenir has an OCLC number 45644811], a ISBN number 45644571., The ISSN number of Aenur is 4644887511, and it has the OCTO number 5644613611.
Ajo Blanco, alternatively known as Ajoblanco, is Ajo blanco. 
The protein of Barny Cakes is 1.8g and it has a protein 1.5g. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., which has Douglas R Oifigian as its key persona. 
HIV, a מין Lentivirus, comes from the razza Lentisvirus. 
Ícolo e Bengo is a part of Angola, where it is the location of Aetroport International Airport in Ícolo-e Beno., L'Angola International airport can be found in Icolo (E beno) which is situated in Ecolo/E bino.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is the leader. A country's ethnic group is Black Canadians and its national anthem is O Canada., Led by Albert II, led Canada (Elizabeth II) et a black canadians are one of the leaders.
Cornell University, affiliation with Association of Public and Land-grant Universities, is published by Cornell University. L'Université Cornelle (adjointement to Association de Public et Land) is an publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly.
Albert Jennings Fountain, a member of the New Mexico Territory, was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President. He died in Terre Neu Mexico. 
Ajoblanco's main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil.
HOK SVE - architects 3Arena, which was completed in December 2008. It is located in Dublin, Dublin. 
Buzz Aldrin, a retired in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20th January 1930. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Sc.D. in 1963. In 1963, became selected by NASA. It was an Apollo 11.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez played for A.D. Isidro Metapan and he plays for AS IDRO Metapán. 
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci, who plays for the Italy national football team. 
The AIDAstella, a length of 253260.0 millimetres, was christened on 16 March 2013 and it is 25260.0 mms long., L'Aidastella (christening date: 16 May 2013) is 25233260.0mms.
The Alhambra a maiden voyage was on 7th July 1855. 
L'Appleton International Airport, which serves Appleton, Wisconsin, is 280 metres above sea level. Its runway name is 3/21 and it has a length of 2439.0.
Aaron S. Daggett, who was born in Maine, fought in the American Civil War where he won the Purple Heart and died in West Roxbury.
L'ethnic group in the Philippines, where China Filipino is one of the ethnic groups and Batchoy can be found. 
Alan Bean served as a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA, where David Scott commanded Alan Bean and Alfred Worden were backup pilots. 
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0., Aarhus airport has a raggio de 272.0 metres long and it's 2652.0.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level. 
Beef kway teow, a food found nationwide in Singapore e Indonesia. It is where the main ingredients are Kway Teow and beef tender loin, gula Melaka; sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, or oyster sesame oil., Mae keow (part of Singapore and Indonesia) come from Indonesia.
Hypermarcas, a pharmaceutical drug company, is located in Brazil, and produces drugs. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, a full name is Agremiacao Sampeonato Arapiriquenne e has 17000 members. 
Alfons Gorbach, a married in Imst, died in Austria. Doris Bures is the leader of Austria which hails l'Austria. 
Tom Lyle created the comic character Blockbuster, which is also known as Roland Desmond, and Roger Stern. 
101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days. 
Attica, Indiana is a part of Indiana in the United States. Attica originates from the U.S.A.
L'AIDAluna is a power type of Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in California, Peoria, Illinois.
GMA New Media is a media company in the genre of media.  L'GMA Numérique, Inc. (S.A.) is de type media organisation.
Born in Bloomington, Maryland, Albert B. White, b'a married Agnes Ward White and he died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He was succeeded by William M. O. Dawson. 
L'Istituto di Technology Acharya, which was established in 2000, is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Il y a governed by Dr G. P. Prabhukumar and its director is Dr J.G.P.
Albuquerque, New Mexico n'est found in the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. Among its ethnic groups are Native Americans and became part of the U.S.
Elliot See, a defunted 28 February 1966 in Dallas, attended the University of Texas at Austin. He passed away in St Louis on 28 Feb 1966.
Albennie Jones, a solo singer, was born in Errata,Mississippi. Albennie J's genre is jazz and he plays jazz music.
Arrabbiata sórt arrabbiata comes from Rome, Italy, in Italy. Garlic is one of the ingredients and it can be found in Rome. 
L'Alan B. Miller Hall, Virginia, owned by the College of William & Mary, whose chancellor was Robert Gates, and is located in Virginia. 
