Marv Wolfman was awarded Eagle Award (comics).
William Anders was born on September 1st 1969 and served as a backup pilot for Buzz Aldrin.
Juan Perón is a member of the Labour Party in Argentina.
Anders Osborne is associated with Tab Benoit and Tab Benoit. He performs Rock music and his musical genre is Rock music.
The A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 Members and is located in Bryning Lane.
The inauguration date of Akita Museum of Art was on 28 September 2013.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Bobina and Christian Burns. Trance music has its stylistic origins in Pop music.
101 Helena was discovered by James CraigWatson, who died inMadison Wisconsin.
The AMC Matador is related to the AMC Ambassador.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire on 18th November 1923. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and died in California.
The main ingredients of Bacon sandwich are Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar.
Alan Shepard was born on August 1st 1974 and served as Apollo 14.
Alan B Miller Hall was owned by College of William & Mary and is located in Williamsburg, Virginia.
Batagor is an ingredient in Siomay, which has Peanut sauce.
The AFC Ajax has 53502] Members.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Spain.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the leader of the City Administrator.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey.
3Arena is located in East Link Bridge.
The architect of 3Arena is HOKSVE.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner.
Baked Alaska is from Paris, New York or Hong Kong and its main ingredient is Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Austin, Texas has a population Density of 1296.65 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area code of 512.
Ann Arbor is the largest city in Michigan.
Bandeja paisa is an ingredient in Lemon, a genus of Citrus.
The main ingredient of Ayam penyet is Fried chicken and its main ingredient is Fried chicken. Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group in Malaysia.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, part of Little Chute, Wisconsin.
Abraham was born inKatowice, Poland.
Massimo Drago, who plays for S.S.D. Potenza Calcio, is the manager of A.C. Cesena.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy).
Batchoy is an ingredient in Chicken.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma and Christian Burns.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. It has Oyster sauce and Oyster sauce.
The former name of 10 Hygiea is A900 GA.
Alex Day is a solo singer and plays Synthpop, which originated from House music.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Adenan Satem.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of Caterpillar Inc.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and succeeded by Abraham Rojas. He was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Asuncion is part of Gran Asunción.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was operating in the United States Air Force.
AZAL PFK is located in AZAL Arena and plays for the Baku Premier League. Qarabağ FK's champions are Qarabağ FK.
Bacon Explosion is a main course in Maltese.
Caterpillar Inc is located in California.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York, Erie County, New York.
The media type of Above the Veil is Hardcover.
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and has a ship beam of 32.2. It is 253260.0 millimetres long and has a ship beam of 32.2.
The Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 RSL is the full name of Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 RSL and has 5300 Members.
The AIDAluna is owned by Caterpillar Inc. and operated by Caterpillar Inc.
The leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Adisham Hall is a language spoken in Sri Lanka.
BakedAlaska is a dessert made from Christmas pudding.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan, where the leader is the Provincial Assembly of thePunjab. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and its headquarters are Jinnah International Airport.
HIV is a family of Orthoretrovirinae and has the academicDiscipline of HIV.
Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint are a author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, preceded by Grantville Gazette III.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel and has 60 floors.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is the leader of Albuquerque City Council.
Asam pedas is a main ingredient in Sumatra and MalayPeninsula, Malaysia. Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce are main ingredients of Asam pedas.
Gabriele Michetti is the leader of Argentina.
Airey Neave was a member of the Order of the British Empire on March 30th 1979. He was awarded the Order of the British Empire in 1979.
1955 Dodge has 230cubic inches.
The apoapsis of (410777) 2009 FD is 259776702.47055 kilometres and has a minimum temperature of 211.0 kelvins.
A.S. Roma plays in 2014-15 Serie A.
Aaron Bertram is associated with KidsImagine Nation and Kids Imagine Nation. The genre of Suburban Legends is Pop music.
Alvah Sabin was born in Sycamore, Illinois and died in Sycamore, Illinois.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas.
The architect of Amdavad ni Gufa is B V Doshi.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary and died in Austria. Doris Bures is the leader of Austria.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born inIraq.
The Albuquerque City Council, which is led by Richard J. Berry, is the leader of Albuquerque City Council in the United States.
Bakso is from Indonesia, which is also popular in the region of Indonesia. Its capital is Jakarta and its leader is Joko Widodo.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia (Spain) and his predecessor is Francisco Franco.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción on May 5th 1913. He was born in Asuncion, Paraguay.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd Runway Surface type of Poaceae.
Aenir is followed by Above the Veil.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion,Paraguay. He performs Guarania and is a solo singer.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California, United States. The leader of Anaheim is the California State Assembly.
Diane Duane is the author of A Wizard of Mars. The ISBN number of A Wizard of Mars is 978-0-15-204770-2.
Allen Shivers was a member of World War II.
The AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is led by DavidCameron.
Akeem Dent debuted with Atlanta Falcons and Arthur Blank.
Asser Levy Public Baths was in 1904.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
1036 Ganymed has a temperature of 160.0 kelvins.
Alfred N.Phillips was born inConnecticut, whose office is Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the 4th District. He was a member of the US House of Representatives from the 4th District.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New Mexico and died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico.
Alan B Miller Hall was owned by College of William & Mary and was built on 30 March 2007 in Virginia.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. and has 70634 members.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. It has an ISSN number of 83646315 and an ISSN number of 1588-2632.
AEK Athens F.C. is the ground of Olympic Stadium (Athens) in Athens, where Giorgos Kaminis is theMayor.
Alan Frew is associated with Glass Tiger.
Bionico is a dish from Mexico, where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader. The dish Variation of Cookie is Cookie.
The Akron Summit Assault is located in St Vincent-St Mary High School and plays for the Premier Development League, where K-W United FC are the champions.
Amsterdam is part of Amsterdam-Centrum.
BakedAlaska is a dessert made from Christmas pudding. Sandesh (confectionery) is an ingredient in BakedAlaska.
Aleksandra Kovac was active in 1990 and performs Soul music.
Point Fortin is located in Tobago.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province,Iraq. It has a level above the SeaLevelInFeet of 618 metres above sea level.
Batchoy is an ingredient in Vegetable.
The Acura TLX is manufactured by Honda and has Inline-four engine.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaydjan.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Alpharetta is part of Georgia in the U.S. state, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States where Washington DC is the capital.
The ingredient of Arròs negre is Squid.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria and died in Graz. He was led by Doris Bures and died in Graz.
Avocado is a genus of Persea.
AdamHolloway was born in Kent, Kent. He was a member of the Conservative Party UK and AlmaMater is Magdalene College, Cambridge.
The Antares rocket was launched on the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It was launched on 21st March 2014 and was launched by Yuzhnoye Design Office.
Anderson is part of Indiana, United States where the capital is Indiana. The leader of Indiana is the Democratic Party (United States) and Washington D.C.
Bakewell pudding is a dish from the region of Derbyshire Dales. Shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in Bakewell tart.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24th February 1989 and plays for FC SpartakMoscow.
The Antares rocket was launched on the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, and was launched on April 21st 2013 in the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was produced in 1958.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a military Branch in Nigerian Army.
The operator of AIDAluna is AIDAluna.
Aaron S Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart.
Airey Neave was born on 30th March 1953 and died on 30th March 1979.
Aleksandra Kovač is a solo singer.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst in Tyrol. He died in Graz.
Bhajji is a main ingredient of Gram flour, vegetables and its main ingredient is Gram flour.
Inuktitut is the language of Canada.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada. The leader of Canada is Elizabeth II and the anthem is O Canada.
John Madin was born in Birmingham, where the postal code is B postcode area. The leader of Birmingham is John Clancy.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has a runway length of 3048.0 and a runway length of 3048.0.
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. The ISSN number of Acta Math. Hungar.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with Kornelije Kovac.
A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages and print.
The main ingredient of Binignit is Sweet potato, which is found in Visayas. It is a dish from the Philippines and its main ingredient is Sweet potato.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak and belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
The full name of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis.
101Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, who died inMadison, Wisconsin and died in Peritonitis.
Atlas II was final flight on March 16th 1998.
The Abilene Regional Airport is located in Abilene, Texas and has a runway length of 2194.0. Its ICAO Location Identifier is KABI.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman and has the full name of Bob Bibbowski.
The leader of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh.
10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres. It has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres.
Beef kway teow is from Singapore, where Standard Chinese is spoken.
Alex Day plays Synthpop, which originated from Disco.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, whereSergio Mattarella is the leader.
Karl Kesel was born in Americans and created by Walt Simonson.
Bionico is a dessert made in Mexico, whereEnrique Peña Nieto is the leader. Sandesh is confectionery.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. Daniel Martinez is the politician of Uruguay whose language isSpanish and his leader is RaúlFernando Sendic Rodríguez.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, is related to the Lancia Thema.
Dublin is part of Leinster.
William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 in the United Kingdom and worked as a Fighter pilot. His almaMater was AFIT, M.S. 1962.
The epoch date of (66063) 1998 RO1, formerly known as 1999 SN5, has an orbital period of 360.29 days and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, KY, raised in Dothan, AL. He is a solo singer.
Buzz Aldrin was a NASA member of Apollo 11.
The Black Pirate was created by Sheldon Moldoff and Jon Valor.
Andrew the Apostle is the patron saint of Romania.
The league of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense plays for Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, Alagoas and Vila Nova Futebol. It is the location of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C in Brazil.
The league of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C which plays for Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kutikkattoor, India and has 250 academic staff. It is located in Kuttikkattoor, Mahe, India.
AmeriGas is a Energy Industry company in the United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a total area of 486.2 square kilometres and its population Density is 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Austin, Texas.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. The leader of India is T. S Thakur and the governor is T. S Thakur.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press and is published by Soho Press. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire on November 18, 1923 and died in California. He graduated fromNWC, M.A. in 1957.
Apollo 14 is operated by NASA.
Antwerp International Airport is located in the city of Antwerp, Belgium.Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium.
Wiley-Blackwell is published in Maltese.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The main ingredient of Arem-arem is Compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings. It is found in Indonesia, but more specific to Java.
Anders Osborne is a member of Shanachie Records.
Aleksey Chirikov is a member of Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. Finland's demonym is Finns.
San Sebastián de los Reyes is from Spain.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington, D.C. and is part of King County, Washington, D.C.
The apoapsis of (410777) 2009 FD is 259776702.47055 kilometres.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, County of Tyrol. He died in Graz.
101Helena has a mass of 3.0 kilograms.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has an ISSN number of 1732-2421 and is abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol Pol.
Akron is part ofSummit County in Ohio, United States. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Adam Koc was awarded the Cross of Valour (Poland) and a member of the Order of Polonia Restituta.
The Premier Development League is the champions of K-W United FC.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of Caterpillar Inc., which is located in the United States.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located inAhmedabad, India. The leader of India is Narendra Modi and the location of Amdavad ni Gufa is Ahmedabad.
Aaron Deer performs Psychedelia.
Andra is a member of the band CRBL and has performed Rhythm and blues music.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the U.C. Sampdoria club and is a member of the A.C. Milan whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in Monocacy NationalBattlefield, Frederick County,Maryland. It was established on 11th July 1907 and has Historic districts in the United States.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. and plays in Serie A.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and served as the Chief of the Defence Staff.
Abner W Sibal served in the United States Army and fought in World War II.
Christian Panucci, who plays for Genoa C.F.C. and plays for Real Madrid FC.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in Illinois and has its power type as Caterpillar Inc.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is abbreviated to Admin Sci. Q.
The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla.
Charles Michel is the leader of Belgium, which is led by Charles Michel.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion.
The AIDS journal in Maltese is from the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is led by Elizabeth II.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 students. Its academic staff is 737 and its academic staff size is 737.
Adams County, Pennsylvania is located in Franklin County, Pennsylvania. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania.
Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin.
Anders Osborne is a guitarist who performs Rock music and plays for Okeh Records. He was associated with John Sansone and his musical genre is Bhangra.
The periapsis of 1101 Clematis is 445895000000.0.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, whose parent Company is Wolters Kluwer. Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom and DavidCameron is led by Elizabeth II.
The A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 Members.
American Journal of Mathematics has the abbreviation Am J Math. and its ISSN number is 1080-6377.
Alan Martin was born on 01-01-01 1989 and plays for Hamilton Academical FC. He has a height of 185.42 cm and his club is Hamilton Academical F.C.
Aaron Turner is associated with Greymachine and Greymachine. He performsDrone music.
The Antares rocket was launched on the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and has a diameter of 3.9 metres.
Akeem Ayers is a Linebacker.
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989 and debuted with the New England Patriots. He joined the New England Patriots in 1989.
Adam Koc was born in Poland, where Kashubian is the language spoken. The commander of Poland is Joseph Stalin.
Anders Osborne is a Rock musician whose record label is Okeh Records.
Abel Hernández plays for Central Español and played for the U.S. Citta diPalermo club.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and succeeded Ben Ramsey.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan Airlines and has a runway length of 2989.0.
Caterpillar Inc is located in Peoria, Illinois.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia.
Ayam penyet is from Java where Baduy is an ethnic group.
The christening date ofAIDAstella was March 16th 2013.
Abraham S Daggett fought in Battle of Cold Harbor, which was part of the American Civil War. The commander of the American Civil War is Robert E Lee.
The epoch date of 1097 Vicia was 31 December 2006 and has an orbital period of 135589000.0. Its periapsis is 279142000000.0.
Bananaman was broadcasted by TV and starred Bill Oddie.
Anderson is part of Union Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States.
Trane was founded on January 1, 1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin.
Anders Osborne performs Rhythm and blues music. He signed to Rabadash Records.
William Anders is the backup pilot of Apollo 11.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and played for FC Karpaty Lviv. He is a member of the club Olympique Lyonnais, which has its ground in Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka and has 476beds.
Abilene is part of Texas.
The main ingredient of Arem-arem is Compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings. It has Lemper and its main ingredient is Compress rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Joe Biden is the leader of the United States.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire and was selected by NASA in 1959. He was selected by NASA in 1959.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner. It was designed by Huseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner.
Elliot See was born on 23rd March 1927 in Dallas and died in St Louis.
James Pain was architect of Adare Manor, which was completed in 1862.
300 North LaSalle is located in Illinois. It has 60 floors.
Aaron Turner is associated with the House of Low Culture and performs Black metal. He plays Electric guitar and was associated with House of Low Culture.
The ALV X-1 originated from the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group.
The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan, whose capital is Baku. The President isArtur Rasizade.
Jacob Bundsgaard is the leader of Aarhus.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the leader isSergio Mattarella and its capital is Rome.
Cornell University is affiliated with Association of American Universities. The Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University in Ithaca, New York.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is led by Barack Obama.
Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint wrote 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, published by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint.
(19255) 1994 VK8 has an orbital period of 8788850000.0 and an orbital period of 8788850000.0. Its periapsis is 6155910000000.0, and its epoch date is 31 December 2006.
Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by Aston Martin Virage.
American Journal of Mathematics has the abbreviation Am J Math. and its ISSN number is 1080-6377.
Neptun Werft is built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. The leader of the country isStanislaw Tillich.
Aaron Turner, who was active in 1995, plays Post metal and performs Post metal.
The A.F.C. Fylde has 3180] Members.
1089 Tama was born in 1927 WB and has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres per second. The epoch date is 26th November 2005. It has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Sarawak and retired from the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak. He was succeeded by Adenan Satem, who was succeeded by Adenan Satem.
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine and a 3 speed automatic transmission.
Funk is a fusion genre of Afrobeat.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) was inaugurated on 27th July 1932 and is made of bronze. Ahmet Davutoglu's leader is Ahmet Davutoglu, whose capital is Ankara.
Bananaman starred Bill Oddie, who was born in Lancashire.
Trane is located in Swords, Dublin.
Airey Neave was born inKnightsbridge, Knightsbridge. He joined the Battle of France on March 30th 1979 and his career date is April 30th 1979.
A Long Long Way is written in Maltese and has the ISBN number 00-670-03380-4.
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has the OCLC number 45644811.
Akeem Dent was born on 27th September 1987.
The epoch date of 1001 Gaussia is 27 June 2015 and its periapsis is 419113394.55312 kilometres. It has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader.
The Star Spangled Banner is the origin of the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group. The National anthem is The Star-Spangled Banner.
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup. The leader of Manchester is the Labour Party (UK).
Ahmad Kadhim Assad, who plays for theIraq national football team, played for Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C. and managed by Adnan Hamad.
Audi A1 is assembled by AudiBrussels.
Abilene is part of Texas, United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
The parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal isGMA New Media.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay, whose leader is Tabaré Vázquez.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, Java and has main ingredients as Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, Japan.
Rolando Maran, who was born in Italy, plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. and plays for CarrareseCalcio.
The National Register of Historic PlacesReference number of Asilomar Conference Grounds is 87000823 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 March 1987.
Swords, Dublin is the leader of the County Manager.
Abilene is part of Texas, where the Spanish language is spoken. Austin is the capital of Texas and its capital is Austin.
The demonym of Mexico is Mexicans.
The ingredient of Arròs negre is Cuttlefish.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, Spain and operated by ENAIRE.
Aaron Turner is a performer of Avant-garde metal.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was operating in the United States Air Force. The Lockheed AC-130 has an aircraft Fighter of General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
FC Tom Tomsk plays for the Russian Football National League.
Bandeja paisa is from the Antioquia Department in Colombia.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and served as the Minister of Transport.
The Above the Veil was preceded by Castle.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and died in the Russian Civil War where Joseph Stalin was a commander.
Lemon is an order of Rosids.
The DeSoto Custom was manufactured by DeSoto Firedome, Chrysler Newport and the successor of 1955 Dodge is DeSoto Firedome.
John Cowper Powys was notable Work in Wolf Solent.
The A.F.C. Fylde is located in the Fylde area.
The Deram Records is located in London.
The LCCN number of Administrative Science Quarterly is 57059226.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and AS Lyon-Duchère.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica was published by the Springer Science+Business Media, founded by JuliusSpringer.
The Audi A1 has a 1.2 litres engine and is assembled by AudiBrussels. It has a 5 speed manual transmission.
The Athens International Airport is located in the city of Athens and has a runway length of 3800.0.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
103 Hera has a periapsis of 371240000.0 kilometres and an epoch date of 27th August 2011.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak and belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. His home address is Demak Jaya,Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located in Auckland.
Angola is part of Steuben County in Indiana, United States. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States whose leader is President.
Andrew White was a member of the band B-Unique Records and performed in 2003 with Marry Banilow. His record label is Polydor Records and his record label is Polydor Records.
The nickname of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is AsaGigante and plays for the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C in Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool isStuart Parker, who plays for Drogheda United FC and played for Runcorn F.C. Halton.
The Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan and has a runway length of 1533.0.
The musical genre of rhythm and blues is Rhythm and Blues, which originated from Blues.
Andrews County Airport is located in Andrews, Texas.
American submarine NR-1 has a top speed of 8.334, a top speed of 8.334 and an beam of 3.8 m.
TheAngola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo,Angola. It has a runway length of 4000.0.
Akeem Ayers was formerly known as the St. Louis Rams who were born in St. Louis and plays for theTennessee Titans.
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township,Madison County in Indiana, United States.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Spain and served as the Minister of Transport. He was a member of theSpanishSocialist Workers' Party.
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S. Citta di Palermo club and Peñarol.
Alan Bean was a backup pilot of Apollo 12, which has a time in space of 100305.0 minutes and David Scott. The Apollo 12 is operated by NASA.
Andra is a pop musician who was active in 2000 and performs Pop music.
Albany is part of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd Runway Surface type Poaceae and an elevation above the Sea level of 34.0.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20th January 1930. He was a Fighter pilot and his almaMater is the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
The orbital period of (410777) 2009 FD has an orbital period of 39447000.0 and its periapsis is 88234300000.0,.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria.
Albany, Georgia is the leader of Albany.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and it is part of Fountain County, Indiana which is part of Fountain County, Indiana.
The RCA Records is distributed by LegacyRecordings.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire on November 18, 1923 and died in California. He retired on August 1, 1974.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row.
Bakso is an ingredient in Sabine.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington, United States. It has a total area of 77.41 square kilometres and an area of 77.41 square kilometres.
107 Camilla was discovered on 01 March 2001 and died in Chennai.
The epoch date of 11264 Claudiomaccone was 26th November 2005 and has an periapsis of 296521000.0 kilometres.
Alex Tyus was born on 8th January 1988 and plays for Pallacanestro Cantù.
Adonis Georgiadis was in Office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister.
Ice cream is an ingredient in Maltese.
Andrews County Airport has a runway name 11/29.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont. He was a member of Whig Party (United States) whose leader is Daniel Webster.
Albany is part of Oregon, where the largest city is Portland.
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 Members and was managed by Denzil Antonio. The full name of the Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault is Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault.
Ajoblanco is from Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader. The language spoken in Spain isSpanish and Euro is an currency.
Bananaman was first aired on October 03rd 1983.
107 Camilla was discovered by F Vilas.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Alfa Romeo 164.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd Runway surface type of Poaceae and the division of flowering plant.
Austin is part of Texas in the United States.
Aaron Turner was born in Boston.
The Antares rocket was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The British people are an demonym in the United Kingdom.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) was built in Helsinki, Finland and has a ship beam of 21.2.
Agustín Barboza died in Asuncion, Paraguay. Juan Afara is the leader of Asuncion and was led by Juan Afara.
BillEverett was a member of Eisner Award.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the capital is Cape Town. The leader of South Africa is Cyril Ramaphosa and Asian South Africans are an ethnic group.
The Battle ofFredericksburg is part of the American Civil War.
107 Camilla, discovered by F Vilas, has an orbital period of 2368.05 days and its apoapsis is 560937000.0 kilometres.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Oladipo Diya was Vice President and succeeded by Atiku Abubakar.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Jones County, Texas and has a runway length of 2194.0.
The Adisham Hall was completed in 1927 and is located in Sri Lanka. It was completed in 1931 and has Tudor Revival architecture.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk in the Russian Football National League.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm and played for FC Spartak Moscow. He is managed by Rashid Rakhimov.
The epoch date of (66063) 1998 RO1 is November 4, 2013.
Meyer Werft is a builder of AIDAstella.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and served in Space at Apollo 11.
Bhajji is located in the country of India, where Sumitra Mahajan is led by Vajubhai Vala.
William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 in the United States, whose almaMater was AFIT, M.S. 1962 and retired on September 1st 1969.
Alderney Airport has a 1st Runway Surface type Poaceae and a runway length of 877.0.
Hypermarcas is located in Sao Paulo and has the netIncome of 108600000 and its subsidiary is Mantecorp. It has 10252Employees and its netIncome is 108600000.
The apoapsis of 1097 Vicia is 511592000.0 kilometres per second and has an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Bobina, Mark Sixma,Jonathan Mendelsohn and Christian Burns Jwaydan, Alexander.
A.C Lumezzane plays for the 2014-15 Lega Pro season.
Bhajji is located in the country of India, where T. S Thakur is led by Sumitra Mahajan and its leader is Sumitra Mahajan.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay, whose leader is Tabaré Vázquez and DanielMartínez. Uruguayans are the leaders of Uruguay.
Neptun Werft is built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. Andreas Voßkuhle is the leader of Germany.
A.S Livorno Calcio has 19238] Members.
The Acura TLX is a luxury vehicle and has an Honda K engine.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, United States. Frank G Jackson is the leader of Cleveland.
Anaheim, California is the leader of the United States House of Representatives.
Abel Caballero was in Office while Juan Carlos I of Spain.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association. Lars LøkkeRasmussen was led by Lars Løkke Rasmussen and has 737 academic staff.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka.
Agra Airport is located in Agra.
The GMA New Media is located in Quezon City, Philippines.
Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for the Motherwell F.C. in Fir Park and managed byBarry Ferguson.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire and was a test pilot. He worked as a test pilot.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, whose background is solo singer, has the record label RCA Records.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau, who plays Big Hero 6 and starringJamie Chung.
Richard A Teague was employed by General Motors.
Addis Ababa City Hall is part of Addis Ababa Stadium in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. The leader of Addis Ababa is Mulatu Teshome.
Andrew Rayel was associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Jwaydan Moyine.
The mobile applications of GMA New Media is manufactured by Mass Media.
AceWilder was born on 23rd July 1982.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was involved in the Invasion of Grenada.
The leader of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh.
Buzz Aldrin was a Fighter pilot and retired.
The United States is the leader of Albuquerque City Council and Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader.
Dale Tallon is the general manager of FloridaPanthers.
Neptun Werft was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. The capital city of Rostock is Berlin and its leader is Joachim Gauck.
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It is 23.0 metres above sea level and is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey.
Albany is part of Georgia in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Elliot See was born on 23rd March 1927 in Dallas and died on 28th March 1966.
1101 Clematis has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and its periapsis is 445895000000.0.
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 Members and was played in the Premier Development League. K-W United FC are the champions of the Premier Development League.
Batchoy is from the Philippines, where the official language is Philippine English. It is also spoken in the Philippines, where Ilocano people are an ethnic group.
Bhajji is from India, where the leader is T. S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders.
The Republic of Ireland is the language spoken in English.
ACFFiorentina plays for Serie A in Italy.
Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is headquartered at Four World Trade Center.
Allen Forrest was born on February 4, 1981 and performs Hip hop music. Drum and bass are derivatives of Hip hop music.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and VfL Wolfsburg. He plays for the SV Werder Bremen II club.
The Adisham Hall, located in Sri Lanka, was completed in 1927 and is located in St.Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka.
Abradab is associated with the musical artist Magik.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The language spoken in Texas is English.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, was built by Costa Crociere and has 253260.0 millimetres. It is 253260.0 millimetres long and operated by Costa Crociere.
Hypermarcas is a S.A. company whose key person is CEO.
Airey Neave was born inKnightsbridge, Knightsbridge. He began his career on 30th March 1979 and he died in World War II.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is a 2nd Runway Surface type of Poaceae.
Gus Poyet plays for AEK Athens FC.
Tarō Asō is the leader of Japan.
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Theresa Andersson and theresa Andersson.
The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla.
Airey Neave was a member of the World War II Battles on June 30th 1953.
Jazz is a stylistic origin of Blues.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in New Britain,Connecticut and his spouse wasRuth Ribicoff. The Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
109Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins.
Arlington, Texas is 184.0 metres above sea level.
Albennie Jones plays Jazz, which originated from Blues.
The main ingredient of Binignit is Sago and Sago.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population Density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 74.33 square kilometres.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis plays for 2014 in Malaya.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas which has the largest city in Houston. The Spanish language is spoken in Maltese.
Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, United Kingdom and has 5.3 litres.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F.C. and Al-Naft.
Agra Airport is located in the state of Awadh, Uttar Pradesh, where Ram Naik is led by Ram Naik.
BakedAlaska is a dessert course in Maltese.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in Invasion of Grenada.
Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikou, Morocco.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located inAhmedabad, India. The leader of India is Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan is the leader.
Bhajji is similar to Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour.
Alan Shepard died in California.
The epoch date of (66391) 1999 KW4 was 14thJuly 2004 and has an rotation period of 9953.28.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in 1923 in Washington D.C. and performs Rhythm and blues music. He is a non performing personnel.
The American Locomotive Company was built in May 1950 - August 1956 and has a V12 engine.
Bananaman starred Graeme Garden.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire and died in California. He was a test pilot and died in California.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and was published in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is led by Elizabeth II.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is academic discipline in Maltese.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense plays for the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association.
Binignit is located in Visayas.
103 Hera has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Sergey Naryshkin is the leader.
Agnes Kant, who was born in Netherlands, is a member of the Socialist Party (Netherlands) and his leader is Mark Rutte.
The nickname of theAFC Ajax (amateurs) is Joden, Godenzonen.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Finland.
Alan B Miller Hall was located in 101 Ukrop Way and has an address of 101 Ukrop Way.
Bionico is a dish Variation of Honey.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands and is a member of the House of Representatives. He worked as a Member of the House of Representatives.
Allen Shivers was a Military Branch in the United States Army.
Albany is part of Georgia in the U.S. state, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The Spanish language is spoken in Mexico.
Mario Botta is the dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, Switzerland and has 100 academic staff.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Argentina, whose leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta and died inBuenos Aires City Legislature. The country's leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta.
Albennie Jones was born in 1914 and plays Rhythm and blues music. He was a solo singer from the United States.
A.T Charlie Johnson, who was published by American Institute of Physics, is in the United States.
Bhajji is a main ingredient in Gram flour, vegetables and its alternative name is Bhaji, Bajji.
Chinabank is a netIncome of 15100000000.
The Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works.
The 1. FC Magdeburg plays in 2014 and played in 2014.
Adam Koc was awarded the virtuti Militari Award.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 Members.
Abner W Sibal was a military Branch in the United States Army.
Aaron Bertram, who plays Ska punk, is associated with Kids Imagine Nation and has the band Kids Imagine Nation. Punk rock is an stylistic origin of Punk rock.
Garth Nix is the author of Aenir, which was written by Garth Nix.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat, which has a runway length of 3800.0 and an elevation above the SeaLevelInMetres.
Gus Poyet plays for RealZaragoza and played for the Superleague Greece, where Olympiacos F.C. are the champions of the Superleague Greece.
Akron,Ohio is part of the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and served as the Apollo 12 operated by NASA. He was retired.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle.
The runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1/19.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Washington D.C. and plays blues music.
10 Hygiea has an escape Velocity of 0.21 kilometres per second and its apoapsis is 523951582.33968 kilometres. Its surface area is 837080.744 square kilometres and its apoapsis is 523951582.33968 kilometres.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States.
The ALCO RS-3 was constructed by American Locomotive Company in May 1950 - August 1956. It has 12 cylinders and is 17068.8 millimetres long.
James CraigWatson was discovered 103 Hera in Canada.
The full name of AZ Alkmaar Zaanstreek is Alkmaar Zaanstreek.
The mass of 1099 Figneria is 2.7 kg.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, where McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle was a crew member of the Lockheed AC-130.
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by Alliant Techsystems.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. Elizabeth II is led by Elizabeth II.
The Republic of Ireland is the country of Dublin.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Acharya Institute of Technology was affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum, India. It has the Technical CampusStatus by All India Council for Technical Education and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Mumbai.
Meyer Werft was built by AIDA Cruises and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Plastik Mak and Head South By Weaving.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States. Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and Hilmi Guner.
The Architectural style of the Asilomar Conference Grounds, located in Pacific Grove, California, is Arts and Crafts movement. It was added to the National Register of Historic PlacesReference number 87000823.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișineu,Moldova.
Alan Shepard died in California, where Dianne Feinstein was the senator.
The Bananaman was created by Steve Bright and was broadcasted by TV on 3rd October 1983. It was written by Steve Bright, who was starring Tim Brooke-Taylor.
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R. Pogson.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishna Radhakrishna Radh.
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and has a ISBN number of 374-26131-8.
Elliot See was born on 23rd March 1927 in Dallas, Texas. He was a test pilot and died in St Louis.
Swords is part of Dublin (European Parliament constituency).
Alfredo Zitarrosa, whose background is solo singer, was associated with Ciro Pérez and Hector Numa Moraes. His musical genre is Zamba.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States, where English is spoken.
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R. Pogson and has an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
The ingredient of Bionico is Sour cream.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain. It has a runway length of 3500.0 and an elevation above the Sea level of 610.0.
Adams County, Pennsylvania is located in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and has the category Contributing Property.
Albany is part of Oregon, United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the Italian national under-17 football team and played for U.C. Sampdoria. Silvio Berlusconi's manager is Silvio Berlusconi.
Arròs negre is from Spain, where the leader is Felipe VI. The country is led by Felipe VI and its currency is Euro.
John van den Brom plays for AZ Alkmaar.
Akeem Adams is a member of the United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is Palo Seco and its manager is Gábor Kubatov. He also plays for the United Petrotrin FC in Palo Seco.
Albany is part of Oregon, United States where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in the United States and a spouse ofRuth Ribicoff.
Allan Shivers, who was succeeded by Price Daniel, was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur).
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire on November 18, 1923 and retired on August 1, 1974.
The epoch date of 1101 Clematis is 31 December 2006 and has an orbital period of 183309000.0. It has an apoapsis of 520906000.0 kilometres.
AmeriGas is a company in the Energy Industry and operates 380700000.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States.Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago.
Alan Bean was a member of Apollo 12 in the United States, whose commander is David Scott.
Akeem Adams, who plays for theTrinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team, is a member of the United Petrotrin FC.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and has a significant building at Asilomar State Beach. Los Angeles Herald-Examiner is the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds.
American Journal of Mathematics is abbreviated to Am J Math. and has an ISSN number 1080-6377.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and worked at Radboud University Nijmegen.
The Audi A1 is a Supermini body style in Belgium. It has 1.2 litres and front-wheel-drive layout.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia.
Beef kway teow is located in Singapore and Indonesia. The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob.
Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. He is led by Sauli Niinistö and its leader is Sauli Niinistö.
Andrew Rayel was associated with Mark Sixma and Mark Sixma.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created byJerry Ordway and Americans.
Buzz Aldrin, who was a member of Apollo 11 mission in Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963, is the alternative name of Edwin E Aldrin Jr.
Castle is followed by Aenir.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and has 512 pages. Its ISBN number is 1-4165-2060-0.
Batchoy is from the Philippines.
Bacon Explosion is from the United States, where John Roberts is the leader.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) was built in Finland. Sauli Niinistö is the leader of Finland.
The Audi A1 is a subsidiary of Ducati.
Georgia is in the United States.
A Glastonbury Romance is written in Hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0.
Alvah Sabin was born in Sycamore, Illinois and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He is a member of the Whig Party (United States) whose leader is Daniel Webster.
Alderney Airport is located in Alderney.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in Battle ofFredericksburg.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Denmark.
Antioch, California is an elevation above the SeaLevel of 13.0.
Alvah Sabin died in Sycamore, Illinois and died in Sycamore, Illinois. The leader of the United States is Henry Clay.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas in the United States. The largest city in Texas is Houston.
Albert Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and succeeded by Isaac Rojas. He was a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate who was succeeded by Abraham Rojas.
Alba Iulia is from Romania.
Atlantic County, New Jersey is located in the United States.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, Java. Its main ingredient is Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
Abner W Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens and succeeded by Donald J. Irwin. He was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District.
Andrew White was a member of Polydor Records and performed in 2003 with Marry Banilow. He is associated with the KaiserChiefs and has been signed to Polydor Records.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is spoken in Great Britain and African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones.
A-Rosa Luna was born on April 4, 2005 and has 125800.0 millimetres.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association. It has 737 students and its academic staff size is 737.
The population Density of Attica, Indiana is 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres.
Anders Osborne is associated with Tab Benoit and Tab Benoit. He performs Rock music and plays for Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars.
Gangsta rap is a sub genre of Hip hop music.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Antioquia Department. Kidney Bean is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa, which is found in Colombian cuisine.
Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio and is managed by A.C. Cesena.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Nikos Voutsis is the leader.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. He worked for the Nigerian Army.
A Glastonbury Romance is written in Hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the Arabian Sea.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain. He was a member of the Congress of Deputies and was a member of the Congress of Deputies.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Hypermarcas is a S.A. (corporation) company, which was founded on 1st March 2001 and has the key person of CEO.
Julia Morgan was born in California and designed Asilomar Conference Grounds, which is located in Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. He has a significant building at the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner.
Airey Neave was born inKnightsbridge and played for World War II.
The language Kashubian is spoken in Poland.
The Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which was succeeded by Rover Company.
Edmund J. Davis died in Austin, Texas.
Adams County, Pennsylvania is located in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania and has to It South of Cumberland County, Pennsylvania.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, where Ram Naik is led by Ram Naik. The ICAO Location Identifier is VIAG.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia and its main ingredient is Fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Fulton County, Georgia is the largest city in Atlanta.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat. The leader of Gujarat is Anandiben Patel.
The main ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce is Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil and Chili pepper.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on September 2, 1995 inTampere, Finland.
The Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi is the ground of A.C. ChievoVerona which plays in Serie A.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Sidcup and died in Sidcup. Boris Johnson is the leader of London.
Chili pepper is an ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce in Italy.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna, Nigeria. He worked as Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria).
AdamHolloway was born in Kent, Kent and served as a member of the Parliament for Gravesham. His almaMater was Magdalene College, Cambridge and his almaMater was Magdalene College, Cambridge.
American Motors has the fate of Eagle (automobile) and its fate is Eagle.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción, Asuncion and died in Paraguay. The leader of the country is Juan Afara.
Alex Day plays Synthpop, which originated from New Wave music.
The Acura TLX has a 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6) transmission.
Agnes Kant is a member of House of Representatives in Netherlands.
1099 Figneria has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in the Invasion of Grenada. The Lockheed AC-130 Hercules has a transport Aircraft at Lockheed C-130 Hercules.
Agnes Kant was born in Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader.
Aaron Bertram was active in 1998.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense plays in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He was awarded the Purple Heart and died in West Roxbury.
Al Anderson is a member of NRBQ band, which was active in 1966. The Wildweeds are associated with the NRBQ band.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California which is part of Greater Los Angeles Area.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis plays for 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire on November 18, 1923. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and died in California.
The Acura TLX is manufactured by Honda and has a Honda J engine.
The Violet Keystone was preceded by Castle.
Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name of Bolt, which was created by Ernie Colón.
Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name of Bolt, which was created by Dan Mishkin.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and has a runway name of O.S.
Richard A Teague was employed by Chrysler.
Ariane 5 was a maiden flight on August 11th 2005.
The GMA New Media is produced by World Wide Web.
Albany is part of Dougherty County in Georgia, United States. Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The ACMTransactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to the AC Trans Inf Syst. and has an ISSN number of 1046-8188.
Aaron S Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart. He fought in Battle ofFredericksburg.
Alan Martin, who plays for Barrow A.F.C., is a member of the club Barrow A.F.C. and managed byBarry Ferguson.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire on November 18, 1923. He graduated from the Department of Commerce Gold Medal and died in California.
Andra is a solo singer who plays Rhythm and blues music.
Bacon Explosion is from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion, published in Hardcover and has an ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
Aaron Hunt, who plays for SV Werder Bremen, plays for SV Werder Bremen.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in U.S. Route 83 and has the National Register of Historic PlacesReference number 88002539.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and succeeded by Price Daniel. He was succeeded by Price Daniel.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center and has 23 floors. The architect of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is 3XN.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba and plays for Anyang Halla.
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors.
Abel Hernández, who plays for the Central Español club Hull City A.F.C. and is managed by SteveBruce.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay, where Juan Afara is the leader. Miguel Afara is led by Juan Afara.
The manager of A.D. Isidro Metapán isJorge Humberto Rodríguez who plays for C.D.FAS.
Birmingham is the postal code of Birmingham.
Bakewell pudding is a dish from the region of Derbyshire Dales, part of Derbyshire. Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart.
Atlas II originates from the United States.
John van den Brom plays for Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap.
Abner W Sibal was a commander in the United States Army and fought in World War II. Chiang Kai-shek is the commander of the United States Army.
Antioch, California has an area code of 925 and a total area of 75.324 sq km.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay Olympic football team.
Adams County, Pennsylvania is located in Franklin County, Pennsylvania. The 11thMississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States. English is spoken in Great Britain.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd Runway Size of Poaceae and a length of 518.0.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Indiana and has a population Density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code is 765 and its total area is 107.43 square kilometres.
Austin, Texas is located in the United States. Americans are an ethnic group in the United States and African Americans are an ethnic group.
The language of Greece is the Greek language.
Argentina is the capital of Argentina where Mauricio Macri is led by Mauricio Macri.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Taylor County, Texas.
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown.
Buzz Aldrin was a Fighter pilot in Apollo 11.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County in Indiana, United States. It has 16.55 square kilometres and its area total is 16.55 square kilometres.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in Chicago, United States and died in the United States. The Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas which has the largest city in Round Rock. The Spanish language is spoken in Maltese.
The area total of La Crosse, Wisconsin is 58.38.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where the leader is Elizabeth II.
Walter Baade was born in German Empire and died in West Germany. He was doctoral student at the University of Göttingen and retired from West Germany.
Agra Airport is located in India and operated by the Indian Air Force. The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Colombian cuisine region of Paisa Region. Its main ingredient is red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Bacon Explosion is a main ingredient in Bacon and Sausage.
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 Members and is located in Warton, Fylde. The full name of A.F.C. Fylde is Association Football Club Fylde.
Alfredo Zitarrosa plays Zamba (art form) and is a solo singer.
Albany, Oregon has an area total of 45.97 square kilometres.
Agnes Kant was a member of the Netherlands.
Elliot See was born on 23rd March 1927 in Dallas.
AkeemPriestley was born in Jamaica, whose leader is Patrick Allen and Elizabeth II.
Airey Neave was born inKnightsbridge, London.
1955 Dodge has a V8 engine and a wheelbase of 120.0 inches.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24th February 1989 and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers died in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Red granite and white marble.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Prokopis Pavlopoulos is the leader.
The architect of 3Arena was Populous, which was completed on December 2008 and is located in Dublin.
The journal Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Addiction and has an ISSN number of 0965-2140.
TheAngola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province and has a runway length of 4000.0. It is 159 metres above sea level in Metres.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is located in Rome, Italy and has 70634] Members.
The A.S. Roma's ground is Rome, Italy and plays in Serie A.
Andrew White is associated with Marry Banilow and Marry Banilow.
Attica is part of Indiana which is part of Indiana.
Live Nation Entertainment is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
Beef kway teow is from Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is the leader.
Abilene, Texas has an area of water of 14.2 square kilometres and a total area of 286.5 square kilometres. The area code is 325 and the population Density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The leader of Belgium isPhilippe of Belgium.
FC Terek Grozny is located in Grozny.
The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding are Ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km per second and an apoapsis of 611961000.0 kilometres.
Antioch is the leader of the California's 11th State Assembly District.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata.
William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 in the United Kingdom. He was a member of Apollo 8.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire, California. He graduated from the Department of Commerce Gold Medal and died on 21st August 1998. He was awarded the American Distinguished Service Ribbon.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in Hardcover and has an ISBN number 1-439-92550-9.
Alfred N.Phillips was a Military Branch in the United States Army, whose battle is American Civil War.
The Audi A1 was founded by August Horch and has a subsidiary of Ducati.
Bananaman starred Bill Oddie.
Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow.
Bacon Explosion is a main ingredient in theKansas City metropolitan area, United States.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where White South Africans are an ethnic group. The capital of Cape Town is Cape Town.
Hypermarcas is located in Sao Paulo, Brazil. The leader of Brazil is the President of theSupreme Federal Court.
Anaheim, California is the leader of the United States House of Representatives. English is spoken in the United States Congress.
Bananaman is broadcasted by BBC, London. The key person of Bananaman isTony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead.
The 2nd Runway Surface type of Poaceae is Poaceae, a division of flowering plant and the order Commelinids.
Bakso is an ingredient of Celery, which originated from Apiaceae.
Atlas II originated from the United States, where the leader is President.Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Zawra'a SC and Al-Zawra'a SC.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Awadh. Ram Naik is led by Ram Naik.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau, who plays Big Hero 6 and starred Damon Wayans Jr.
Aleksandr Chumakov, who was born in Russia, plays for the U.S. national football team and managed by Valery Petrakov. The leader of Russia is Valentina Matviyenko.
Al Anderson plays Rock music, which originated from Country music.
The dish Bandeja paisa is a dish from Paisa Region, Colombian cuisine. Lemon has Rosids and Rutaceae family.
Aaron Bertram is associated with SuburbanLegends and KidsImagine Nation.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
The Flemish Region is led by the Flemish Government.
TheAngola International Airport is 159 metres above sea level in Metres.
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in Maltese. The ISBN number of A Loyal Character Dancer is 1-56947-301-3.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire on November 18, 1923. He was a test pilot and died in California. The Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
The AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 Members and plays in the Superleague Greece.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad.
The National Register of Historic PlacesReference number of Aston Mar Conference Grounds is 87000823.
Aenir is written in print and has an ISBN number of 1-439-17684-0.
Arròs negre is an ingredient in Maltese.
The escape Velocity of 1097 Vicia has an orbital period of 135589000.0 and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres. It has an orbital period of 135589000.0 and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres.
Jens Härtel plays for SV Germania Berline.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Lake Placid, New York and has a runway length of 1219.0.
Aaron Deer was born in Indiana, Indiana. He is a solo singer and performs Psychedelia.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages and ISBN number 00-439-92550-9.
A Wizard of Mars is the language spoken in Maltese.
The Olympic Stadium in Athens is located in Marousi.
The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan, whose leader isArtur Rasizade. The Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers died in the Battle of Baku.
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Newmarket, Canada and is a solo singer.
The ISBN number of A Fortress of Grey Ice is 0-7653-0633-6.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and has 12 cylinders.
Bill Marriott is the key person of Marriott International.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is a member of the International Tennis Federation.
Apollo 8 is operated by NASA.
Ab Klink was born in Netherlands and served as a Christian Democratic Appeal party. He worked forErasmus University Rotterdam and is part of the Christian Democratic Appeal Party.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in Chicago and worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 RSL is the full name of Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 RSL and has 5300 Members.
Ariane 5 was launched at the Guiana Space Centre, Kourou, French Guiana.
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 Members and the 2014-15 Topklasse season.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. and his coach is Zvi Sherf.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States. The leader of the United States is John Roberts and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Auburn is part of Washington, United States. The capital of Washington is Olympia and the capital is Olympia.
Aaron Boogaard was born inRegina, Saskatchewan and plays for Wichita Thunder.
Akeem Ayers, who was formerly known as St. Louis Rams, has the draft Pick of 39 and his draft Pick is 39.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington, United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
Aaron Deer is associated with The Horns of Happiness.
The Flemish Region is owned by Flemish Region and operates the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works.
The 2nd Runway Surface type of Poaceae is Monocotyledon.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an OCLC number of 78771100.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hilario Pérez.
A Severed Wasp was published in Print and has an OCLC number of 8805735. The Library of Congress Classification is PS3523.E55 S4 1982.
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. The Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University in Ithaca, New York.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.R.L. is the full name of Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.R.L. and has 39371 Members.
Nikos Voutsis is the leader of Greece.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. It is affiliated with the European University Association.
Beef kway teow is from Indonesia, Singapore. The leader of Singapore isTony Tan.
The New Mexico House of Representatives is led by Don Tripp.
Abilene, Texas has an area total of 286.5 square kilometres and a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The musical genre of Ahmet Ertegun was Rhythm and blues, which is originated from Blues. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The American Motors Matador is a Mid-size car with a station wagon. It was assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a Station wagon.
The Ampara Hospital is located in the East Province of Sri Lanka, where Ranil Wickremesinghe is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe.
The active Year ofAIDAluna is March 22nd 2009.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma in Serie A.
The key person of GMA New Media is Felipe Gozon and has mobile applications. Its key person is Felipe Gozon.
Arem-Arem is located in Javanese cuisine, Indonesia's leader is Joko Widodo. Indonesian rupiah is an currency of Indonesian rupiah and its leader is Joko Widodo.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom.
Bacon Explosion is from the United States, where John Roberts is the leader. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23rd March 1927 and died in St Louis.
Frank De Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the U.C. Sampdoria club and is managed by Siniša Mihajlović.
John Buscema was awarded Eagle Award (comics).
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He worked as the Minister for Health.
The Black metal genre is Black metal.
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales.
Siomay is a dish Variation of Shumai.
Addis Ababa City Hall has 42 m length and its current Tenants are Government of Addis Ababa.
The main ingredient of Binignit is Sweet potato and contains Sweet potato.
The manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is Vica, who plays for Vila Nova Futebol Clube and has 17000 Members.
The Alhambra was launched on 1855-05-31 and has a beam of 8.3m.
The average speed of (66391) 1999 KW4 has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres and an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The country's largest city is Houston and Austin is the capital of Texas.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and Hilmi Guner.
Massimo Drago plays for Delfino Pescara 1936.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born inConnecticut, United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare. He died in New York City.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The runway name of Atlantic City International Airport is 4/22.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC which is located in Al Khor and managed by Amar Osim. His club isShabab Al-Ordon Club and his manager is Amar Osim.
A Severed Wasp has a ISBN number of 0374-26131-8 and is published in Hardcover. The ISBN number of A Severed Wasp is 0374-26131-8.
Atlanta has a total area of 347.1 square kilometres and an area code of 404, 678, 470. The population Density of Atlanta is 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The main ingredient of Arròs negre is Whiterice, cuttlefish or squid,cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. It is from Catalonia and its main ingredient is White rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark and was designed by Marriott International. The architect of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is 3XN.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader. English is spoken in Great Britain and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Felipe Gozon is the key person of GMA New Media whose parent company is Public Company.
Anderson is part ofMadison County in Indiana, United States.
BakedAlaska is from Hong Kong, France where Gérard Larcher is the leader. The language spoken in English is French.
Alfred Moore Scales was a member of the Overland Campaign.
Anaheim, California has an area total of 131.6 square kilometres and a total area of 131.6 square kilometres.
Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States.
Aaron Turner plays Electric guitar and performs Black metal. Death metal is the fusion genre of Black metal.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria-Hungary and died in Styria.
A Wizard of Mars is published in Hardcover and has an ISBN number of 978-1-15-204770-2.
The ACMTransactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to the AC Trans Inf Syst. and has an ISSN number of 1558-2868.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in St Louis.
Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by Aston Martin Virage and is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of Cape Town. The leader of South Africa is Cyril Ramaphosa.
Andra is a pop musician who plays Pop music.
Andra is a solo singer.
The area code of Abilene, Texas is 325.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria and served as Vice President, Adolf Schärf.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California and published 1634: The Bavarian Crisis.
Bionico is a dish from Mexico, whereEnrique Peña Nieto is the leader. It has Honey and honey.
Baked Alaska is from New York, France. Its ingredient is Meringue.
Walter Baade was born in Germany and graduated from University of Göttingen.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is the record label of Movieplay.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is spoken in Great Britain and English is spoken in Great Britain. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader.
Lee County,Alabama is the state of Alabama.
Alfred N.Phillips was born in Darien,Connecticut and his office is theMayor of Stamford.
Atlanta is part of Georgia (U.S. state) and African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 November 1907 and is located inFrederick County,Maryland. It is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield district of Frederick County,Maryland.
The ethnic group of Japan is Brazils.
The Audi A1 is assembled by AudiBrussels and has a 1.2 litres engine.
Allen Forrest plays Pop music.
The Star Spangled Banner originated from the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group.
Buzz Aldrin is a national of the United States.
The National Register of Historic Places is added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 March 1987.
20 Fenchurch Street was completed on Jan 1, 2009.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada.
Agnes Kant was born in Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader. He worked for House of Representatives (Netherlands) and led by Mark Rutte.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Bucharest and the leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis.
Andra was born in Câmpia Turzii and served as a solo singer.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, where the leader isSergio Mattarella. Italians are one of the main languages spoken in Italy.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow and Valery Petrakov.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland.
James CraigWatson was discovered 103 Hera, which was discovered on 27th August 2011 and died inMadison Wisconsin.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport has a runway name 14R/32L.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 students. It has 737 students.
Adams County, Pennsylvania is located in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania.
The epoch date of (66063) 1998 RO1 was November 4, 2013 and has an escape Velocity of 0.0999 kilometres per second.
Agustín Barboza is a record label for Philips Records.
The comicCharacter, created by Paris Cullins, was created by Sergey Bolatinsky.
Alison O'Donnell is a Jazz musician whose record label is Fruits de Mer Records. He plays for Fruits de Mer Records and his record label is Fruits de Mer Records.
Trane is located in La Crosse, Wisconsin.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. plays for National Hockey League.
The location of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, nearCEPT University, opp.Gujarat University, University Road in India.
Akeem Dent was formerly known as Houston Texans, whose owner is Bob McNair. He debuted with the Atlanta Falcons in Atlanta.
Bill Oddie was born in Kate Hardie.
The Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where the leader isPietro Grasso. Rome's capital is Rome.
American Motors was succeeded by Eagle, Chrysler. The key person of American Motors is Roy D Chapin Jr.
The ingredient of Arròs negre is Cuttlefish.
Aaron Turner, who performs Black metal, is associated with Mamiffer and Mamiffer.
Bionico is a dish from Guadalajara, Mexico. Silvano Aureoles Conejo is led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania and has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres.
The epoch date of (66063) 1998 RO1 has an orbital period of 360.29 days and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres. It has an orbital period of 360.29 days and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.
Austin, Texas is the leader of the City Manager.
The country of Budapest is located in the country of Budapest.
Eric Flint is an author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion, which has 512 pages.
110 Lydia is a epoch date of December 31st 2006.
Auburn,Alabama is from the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Bhajji is located in the region ofKarnataka, India. The leader of India is T. S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders.
The Secret Scripture is published by Faber and Faber. A Long Long Way was preceded byAnnie Dunne and followed by The Secret Scripture. White people are an ethnic group in Ireland.
The American Duncan Rouleau was a member of the Big Hero 6 film, starring Scott Adsit.
A.S. Livorno Calcio, whose ground is Stadio Armando Picchi, has 19238 Members and the full name is Livorno Calcio S.p.A.
The runway name of theAngola International Airport is South Runway.
Akron Summit Assault is located in Akron, Ohio, United States.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Arese, is related to the Lancia Thema.
The AMC Matador is assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a Station wagon.
Adam McQuaid was drafted by the Columbus Blue Jackets, whose general manager is Don Sweeney and plays for Boston Bruins.
The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II, which was launched by Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2, and was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, the leader of London.
Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark and has 23 floors. The location of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International.
Bionico is an ingredient of Granola and has a granola course.
Aaron Turner, who performs Black metal, is associated with Mamiffer and House of Low Culture. The music fusion genre is Death metal.
The main ingredient of Binignit is Sweet potato and Banana.
Trane is a Subsidiary of Swords, Dublin and has a netIncome of 5264000000. It has a netIncome of $10264000000.
The AMC Matador, assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria, was assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia.
Andrew Rayel, associated with Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma,Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, AlexanderPopov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool isStuart Parker, who plays for Sparta Rotterdam.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Manhattan, United States.
The ingredient of Bionico is Raisin.
Albert Uderzo is a creator of Asterix (comicsCharacter) which was created by Albert Uderzo.
Indiana is the capital of Indiana.
The Antwerp International Airport is located in the Flemish Region and has a runway length of 600.0.
Chinabank has a netIncome of 15100000000.
The main ingredient of Amatriciana sauce is Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil and the Italian dish is Guanciale.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Chinabank was founded on 16th August 1920 and has 5594 people. The netIncome of 15100000000 is 15100000000.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis. His party is New Democracy (Greece) with Blue.
Andrew Rayel was associated with Christian Burns and Christian Burns. He plays Trance music in 2009.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Texas. The capital of Texas is Austin and Texan is the largest city in Texas.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais, which is part of Parc Olympique Lyonnais. The ground of the club is Parc Olympique Lyonnais and AZAL PFK.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kuching and succeeded by Adenan Satem. He worked for Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and was succeeded by Adenan Satem.
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce in Lazio.
The top speed of Alhambra is 18.52.
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the Community of Madrid.
Bhajji is a main ingredient in Gram flour, vegetables and has the main ingredients of Gram flour.
Albany is part of Dougherty County in Georgia, United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool isStuart Parker, who plays for Irlam Town F.C. and KV Mechelen.
TheAngola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province. It is 159 metres above sea level in Metres.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo, who was in office while Atiku Abubakar was Vice President.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden on 23rd of July 1982 and is a solo singer.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Shorta SC and is located in Al Khor.
Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley F.C. and was managed byBarry Ferguson.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington, United States. The largest city in Washington is Seattle.
Baked Alaska is from Paris, New York or Hong Kong and its main ingredient is Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California, which has 75.324 square kilometres and its area total is 75.324 square kilometres.
Anders Osborne is a record label for Alligator Records.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in New York City, United States. He succeeded John N Dempsey and died in New York City.
Abner W Sibal was a member of World War II.
The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact Factor of 1.37.
Nikos Voutsis is the leader of Greece.
Arem-arem is a dish from Indonesia,Indonesia.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and Hilmi Guner. He was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka.
Attica, Indiana is part ofLogan Township, Fountain County, Indiana and has a population Density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, United States. He died in New Mexico Territory.
Ayam penyet is from Java where Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups in Java. The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob.
Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the United States.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Dr G P Prabhukumar is the President of India.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak and represented the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. Its campus is In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland, whose leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba on 1989.
John van den Brom is a manager of AZ Alkmaar, who plays for Istanbulspor A.S. and managed by Robert Ehoorn.
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana.
Hypermarcas was founded on 1st December 2001 and has a subsidiary of Mantecorp.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, has a Straight-four engine and Lancia Thema.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. Tarō Asō is one of the ethnic groups in Japan whose leader is Tarō Asō.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire and died in California. He was a test pilot and retired in California.
The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006. It has an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres.
109Felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located in the city of Amsterdam.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra and MalayPeninsula, Malaysia. The main ingredients are Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Paul Ryan is the leader. The capital of the United States is Washington DC.
Wolf Solent was written by John Cowper Powys.
Bacon Explosion is from the United States, where Barack Obama is led by Barack Obama.
Barney Cakes are a popular dish in Maltese.
The manager of SV Werder Bremen II is Viktor Skrypnyk.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States.
Albany is part of Oregon in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and worked as theDeputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popul Orthodox Rally.
The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat in Groton,Connecticut and has a ship beam of 3.8 m.
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983.
The ingredient of Arròs negre is Squid.
101 Helena has an average speed of 18.44 km per second and an apoapsis of 441092000.0 kilometres.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 737 academic staff.
Adam Koc was born in Poland and died in thePolish-Soviet War, where Joseph Stalin was a commander.
200 Public Square is located inCleveland and has 45 floors.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers died in the Battle of Baku.
James CraigWatson was discovered 103 Hera in Canada.
Barney Cakes is created by Mondelez International, which was founded in Chicago. France's leader is Gérard Larcher and its language is French.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Texas and died on 28th March 1966. He was retired at the University of Texas at Austin.
Alan Martin was born on 01-01-01 1989 and plays for CreweAlexandra F.C.
Pietro Canonica is the designer of Atatürk Monument inİzmir.
Alan Martin plays for AccringtonStanley FC.
Bakso is from Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi and has a Volkswagen Polo.
Tarrant County, Texas is located in the United States.
Bozo the Iron Man is full name ofHugh Hazzard.
Adam Koc was awarded Cross of Valour (Poland).
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in 140000.0 square metres and has an height of 42 m.
Ayam penyet is from Java, where Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups in Java. Halimah Yacob is led by Halimah Yacob.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km per second.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Vladimir Putin is the leader.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to The National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988.
The comic character Bolt is created by Dan Mishkin.
The Acura TLX has a 3.5 litres engine.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is the leader.
Asam pedas is from Malaysia, where the capital is Kuala Lumpur. Malaysian Indians are one of the ethnic groups in Malaysia.
Alfa Romeo 164 is related to theFiat Croma.
Meyer Werft is located in Germany.
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine and its body style is Hardtop.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House were added to The National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak and succeeded by Adenan Satem, who was succeeded by the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He attended Demak Jaya,Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak as a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States.
A Loyal Character Dancer is from the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The beam of Alhambra is 8.3m.
Contra Costa County, California is part of San Francisco Bay Area and Spanish is spoken in Maltese.
Trane is a Subsidiary who was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and has an area of 58.38.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is the ground of Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, Brazil.
Mario Botta is the dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, Switzerland.
The Antwerp International Airport is located in the Flemish Region and has an elevated SeaLevel of 12.
Aaron S Daggett was a member of the Battle ofGettysburg and awarded Purple Heart.
A Long Long Way is written in Maltese.
Abilene Regional Airport is part of Texas, United States and has a runway length of 1121.0.
AWH Engineering College is located in Mumbai, India's largest city is Mumbai. Ganges is the largest city in India.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania whose capital is Bucharest and its anthem is Deșteaptă-te, romane.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas and competed in Big 12 Conference. The President of the University of Texas System isGregory L Fenves.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, the headquarters of Jinnah International Airport.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Andrew Caldwell is the leader of Brandon, Manitoba.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle.
The Alhambra is a power type of Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes.
The architect John Madin was born in Birmingham, which is governed by the Birmingham City Council. AndrewMitchell is the leader of Birmingham and his postal code is B postcode area.
The coach of Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. is Zoran Tabak.
Asam pedas is from Malaysia.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is published in Hardcover.
The American Duncan Rouleau was a member of the Big Hero 6 film, starring Maya Rudolph.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th September 1987 and played for Houston Texans.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont, which is the largest city of Burlington. He worked as a Secretary of State of Vermont and has its 3rd Congressional District.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London.
Ayam penyet is from Java, Singapore where Halimah Yacob is the leader. Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups in Java.
Batchoy is from the Philippines, whose ingredient is Shrimp.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, United States. The leader of the United States is Joe Biden.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool isStuart Parker, who plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and VfL Wolfsburg.
Mike Akhigbe was predecessor of Oladipo Diya.
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Milan and was assembled in Milan.
Cornell University is the nickname of Cornell Big Red.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor.
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and worked as Socialist Party in Netherlands. His almaMater is Radboud University Nijmegen.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia, Spain. Its alternative name is Ajo Blanco.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and succeeded by Makis Voridis. He was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. plays for FloridaPanthers.
Alison O'Donnell, who was associated with Flibbertigibbet, performs Folk music of Ireland. He is associated with Flibbertigibbet and MellowCandle.
107 Camilla was discovered in Nottingham on 17th November 1865 and died in Chennai. It was discovered by N. R. Pogson, whose nationality is England.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia, Andalusia.
Andrews County Airport is located in Austin, Texas. The runway name of Andrews County Airport is 11/29 and the runway name is 11/29.
AkeemPriestley plays for theJacksonvilleDolphins club.
The Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir.
The native name of Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Anıtı. It has red granite and white marble.
(19255) 1994 VK8 has an orbital period of 8788850000.0 and its periapsis is 6155910000000.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Austin.
Abraham A Ribicoff was succeeded by Anthony J. Celebrezze.
1099 Figneria has an orbital period of 179942000.0 and its periapsis is 349206000000.0.
Asam pedas is from Sumatra, Malaysia where Minangkabau people are an ethnic group.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 Members and played in the A EPSTH 2nd Group.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Oregon. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Aaron Turner is associated with Isis and Isis band.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which has an aircraft Fighter of General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which has a Lockheed AC-130 and an aircraft Fighter of General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
101Helena was discovered by James CraigWatson, who died inMadison Wisconsin.
1099 Figneria has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and its periapsis is 349206000000.0,.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located at 23rd Street in Manhattan.
Amdavad ni Gufa is from India, where T. S Thakur is led by Sumitra Mahajan.
Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He was a test pilot and was retired on March 15th 1932.
Arem-Arem is located in Indonesia, but more specific to Java.
Airey Neave was a member of the Battle of France and died on March 30th 1979.
Alex Plante has a height of 1.9304].
Diane Duane is the author of A Wizard of Mars. It has an OCLC number of 318875313.
Alan Martin plays for CreweAlexandra F.C.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan and played for A.C. Milan.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo and his predecessor is Oladipo Diya.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom and has 5.3 litres.
Spacewatch was discovered by Spacewatch and has an periapsis of 88234300000.0,.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located inAhmedabad, India. The leader of India is T. S Thakur and it is led by T. S Thakur.
Alvah Sabin was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce.
TheAngola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, part of Luanda Province and has 159 metres above sea level in Metres.
Costa Crociere is the operator of AIDA Cruises, which is operated by Costa Crociere.
Abel Hernández plays for theHull City A.F.C. which is managed by SteveBruce.
The dish Variation of Dessert is Cake.
The A.C. Lumezzane plays in the Lega Pro/A league and has 4150 Members.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and has a Four-stroke engine.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and attended the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party.
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where Laura Boldrini is the leader.
Abradab was born inKatowice, Poland and played for Kaliber 44.
Julia Morgan was born in California and has a significant building in Chinatown, San Francisco. The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Julia Morgan whose significant Building is Hearst Castle.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java and can be found in Malaysia and Singapore. Its main ingredient is Squeezed orsmashed fried chicken served with sambal.
Alfred Moore Scales was a member of the Battle of Chancellorsville.
Akeem Ayers, who plays for the Los Angeles Rams, was born in Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. He debuted with the Tennessee Titans and Mike Mularkey.
BakedAlaska is a dessert course in Maltese.
Binignit is a main ingredient of Sweet potato and Solanales.
Abradab is a musical genre of Hip hop and Gangsta rap. Drum and bass are the derivatives of Hip hop music.
The leader of Brazil is Carlos Lúcia.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. Its President is B.M Reddy.
Antonis Samaras was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers died in the Battle of Baku.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on September 2, 1995 inTampere, Finland and plays for FloridaPanthers.
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where Steuben County is part of Steuben County.
Bhajji is from India, where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader.
Bakso is from Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is led by Joko Widodo and its capital is Jakarta.
Adare Manor is from the Republic of Ireland.
A Severed Wasp was written by Madeleine L'Engle.
Arlington is part of Texas, where English is spoken.
Bionico is a dessert course in Maltese.
The GMA New Media is a media company in the Entertainment Industry, where World Wide Web is produced.
The main ingredient of Binignit is Sweet potato.
Carl A Wirtanen discovered (29075) 1950 DA.
Ayam penyet is located in Malaysia and Singapore. Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups in Java.
Aleksandr Chumakov is a member of FC Torpedo Moscow who plays for the 2014-15 Russian Premier League and managed by Valery Petrakov.
Bakewell tart is an ingredient of Frangipane.
Arròs negre is from Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States.
Aaron Turner is associated with Old Man Gloom and Old Man Gloom. He plays Electroacoustic music in 1995.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of Peñarol.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th September 1987 and debuted for Atlanta Falcons.
The leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan.
Airey Neave was a commander in the World War II.
The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635: The Cannon Law.
The Atlas II was launched at Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36. It has a diameter of 3.04 m and the final flight on March 16th 1998.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is the coden code of APGPAC.
The city of Columbus Blue Jackets is Columbus,Ohio.
A-Rosa Luna, which has a length of 125800.0 millimetres, was Ordered on the 22nd of April 2004.
Alvah Sabin was active in 1857-03-03.
The maximum temperature of (66063) 1998 RO1 is -71.0degree Celsius and has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Isidro Metapan, whose ground is EstadioJorge Calero Suárez and has 10000 Members.
1099 Figneria has an escape Velocity of 0.0155 kilometres per second.
The main ingredient of Beef kway teow is Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Aaron Turner was born in Massachusetts and performs Sludge metal. He is associated with the band Twilight and Lotus Eaters.
Chinabank is located in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands.
The ethnic group of Poland is Roman people.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Spain and its alternative name is Ajo Blanco.
The main ingredient of Arròs negre is Whiterice, cuttlefish or squid,cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
Alan Frew plays Rock music, which originated from Country music.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Houston.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool isStuart Parker, who plays for Drogheda United FC and played for Stockport County F.C.
Aaron Turner plays Black metal.
Abilene is part of Jones County in Texas, United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C.
Andrew White plays Alternative rock.
AkeemPriestley plays for FK Mughan.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader.
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States.
The Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat. It has a runway length of 3800.0 and a runway length of 3800.0.
Ariane 5 was launched by the European Space Agency and has a diameter of 5.4 metres. It was launched on March 2st 2004 and is manufactured by the European Space Agency.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire on 18th November 1923 and died in California. He was selected by Nasa in 1959.
Bhajji is located in the country of India, where Narendra Modi is led by Vajubhai Vala.
The AMC Matador, assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria, is a full-size car and has a AMC straight-6 engine.
Alan Shepard was a member of the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) and died in California.
The 1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by Ring of Fire II and followed by Ring of Fire II.
Abilene is part of Texas, United States where Washington DC is the capital.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which has an aircraft Fighter McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle. The Lockheed AC-130 was a fighter at Lockheed AC-130.
Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space. The parent company is the Airbus Group.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of Washington DC is Washington D.C.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has the sports offered tennis. The sport Governing body is the International Tennis Federation.
1955 Dodge is the alternative name of Dodge Coronet.
Aaron Turner is associated with Greymachine and Greymachine.
Al Anderson, who was born inWindsor,Connecticut, is associated with the NRBQ band and The Wildweeds.
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000.0.
Appleton International Airport is located in Little Chute, Wisconsin.
The AIP Advances is 2158]
Andrew Rayel is associated with the band Jwaydan Moyine and John Digweed. Trance music has its stylistic origins in Pop music.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located above the SeaLevel and operates by Schiphol Group.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Josef Klaus is a member of the University of Vienna.
Meyer Werft was built by AIDA Cruises and has a top speed of 32.2. It has a top speed of 38.892 km.
The Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 84.0 metres above sea level.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 staff.
Sara Miller McCune was founded by Sara Miller McCune. The Abbreviation of Administrative Science Quarterly is Admin. Sci. Q.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched at Vandenberg Air Force Base. It is comparable to Delta II, which originated from the United States.
The LCCN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 32024459]
BakedAlaska is from China, where Standard Chinese is spoken.
Gary Cohn is a comic character who was created by Paris Cullins.
ALV X-1 originates from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Glastonbury Romance has an ISBN number 00-7156-3648-0.
AceWilder is a member of EMI Records.
Alison O'Donnell plays Jazz and Autoharp.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, the capital of Rome.
Walter Baade was born in German Empire and died in Göttingen. He studied at the University of Göttingen.
AkeemPriestley was born in Jamaica, whose leader is Patrick Allen.
The University of Texas System is affiliated with the University of Texas System and died in St Louis.
The league of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, which has its ground in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and Vila Nova Futebol.
Giorgos Kaminis is the Mayor of Athens.
The English language is spoken in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Aaron Turner, who was active in 1995, is associated with Old Man Gloom and Old Man Gloom.
The editor of theAIP Advances is A.T Charlie Johnson and published by A.T Charlie Johnson. The coden code is AIDBI.
107 Camilla was discovered by E Wells and has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres.
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician, who plays Electric guitar and performs Electric guitar. Death metal is the fusion genre of Black metal.
Albert B White was succeeded by William M O Dawson and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is named 14L/32R.
Al-Khor Sports Club plays for theQatar Stars League.
Albert B White was born on 1856-09-22 and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He died on 3rd June 1941.
Airey Neave was awarded the Territorial Decoration Award.
Ariane 5 was launched at Guiana Space Centre and has 5.4 metres in diameter. It was launched by the Guiana Space Centre on August 11th 2005.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was operating in the United States Air Force.
The Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou, French Guiana.
The Philippines's ethnic group is Pangasinense people.
The A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, wherePietro Grasso is the leader. Italian language is spoken in Italy.
The epoch date of (66391) 1999 KW4 has an orbital period of 16244700.0 and an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres. It has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres and an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres.
The Audi e-tron is the division of Audi E-tron.
Elliot See was selected by NASA in 1962 and died on 28th March 1966.
Meyer Werft is located in Papenburg.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and was published in the United Kingdom. Elizabeth II is led by Elizabeth II.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Maltese. The runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 18R/36L.
Bakso is from Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader.
A.D. Isidro Metapán is full name of the Association Deportiva.
Anderson is part of Adams Township,Madison County in Indiana, United States.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Randall County, Texas. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
English is spoken in the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade on 1972 and is a solo singer.
Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of A.C. Milan.
Andrews County Airport is 973.0 metres above sea level and has the 4th Runway Surface type Asphalt.
Bacon sandwich is a dish Variation of BLT in the United Kingdom.
Alex Day was associated with Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell. He performs Electronic music, whose musical genre is Electronic music.
Alpena County Regional Airport has a runway length of 1533.0.
Arem-Arem is located in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla.
1099 Figneria has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres and an average speed of 16.37 km per second.
Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical FC and Barrow A.F.C.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba and plays for Anyang Halla. He was born on May 9, 1989.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England. He died in London.
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 Members and play in the 2014 season.
Bakewell pudding is a shortcrust pastry ingredient.
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Walter Baade was born in German Empire and discovered 1036 Ganymed. He studied at the University of Göttingen, whose AlmaMater is University of Göttingen.
The American Motors Matador is a Mid-size car, which is assembled in Thames, New Zealand.
Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Addiction, which has the LCCN number 93645978 and its ISSN number is 1360-0443.
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States.
Alan B Miller Hall was located in Virginia, United States. His current Tenants are the Mason School of Business.
The Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County Michigan and has a runway length of 1533.0.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
The Akron Summit Assault is located in Akron, Ohio, United States and plays for the Premier Development League. K-W United FC are the champions of Akron Summit Assault.
Aaron Turner plays Black metal and Sumac band. Death metal is the fusion genre of Black metal.
Ayam penyet is from Java, where Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups in Singapore.
A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages. It has an ISBN number of 978-1-15-204770-2.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in theSocialist Republic of Serbia and performs Pop music.
Abradab is a solo singer.
Stephen Dilts is the Chief of South Jersey TransportAuthority.
Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark.
Anderson is part of Adams Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland Union.
Stuart Parker plays for Bury FC.
Sadique Abubakar is the commander of Nigerian Air Force.
The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on 28 September 2013 and has a floor area of 3746.66 square metres.
William Anders was born on September 1st 1969 and served as a backup pilot of Buzz Aldrin. He was a NASA member of Apollo 8, which is operated by NASA.
Aaron Turner, who performs Black metal, is associated with Greymachine and Greymachine. He plays Electric guitar and was associated with Greymachine.
Abel Caballero was born in Spain and served as Prime Minister Felipe González. He was in office while Francisco Franco was Prime Minister.
The Aston Martin V8 was assembled in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is led by Elizabeth II.
Anders Osborne was associated with Tab Benoit and Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. He performs Rhythm and blues music, whose musical genre is Rhythm and blues.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States and Washington D.C.
Albennie Jones is a jazz musician in Maltese. Jazz has its stylistic origins from Blues and Afrobeat.
The Architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacabian.
The Honda K engine is a Honda K engine.
Adam Koc was awarded Cross of Valour (Poland).
Rodrigo Duterte is the leader of the Philippines.
Baduy is an ethnic group in Java.
Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial is located in Azerbaijan.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a total area of 486.2 square kilometres and a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre. Albuquerque is part of New Mexico with an area code 505, 575 and its population Density is 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Anaheim, California is located in the area code 657.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișineu,Moldova and performs Trance music. He is associated with Christian Burns and Armin van Buuren.
Bacon sandwich is popular in the United Kingdom and has an alternative name of BLT, bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon Sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin.
Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the leader isSergio Mattarella.
Arròs negre is from the Valencian Community, which is led by XimoPuig and its leader is Felipe VI.
The architect of 3Arena is HOKSVE.
Anderson is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. Its motto is Nurturing Excellence.
Alderney Airport has a 1st Runway Size of Poaceae and a runway length of 733.0.
TheAngola International Airport is located in Luanda.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. Anderson is the largest city in Indiana.
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd March 1982 in Stockholm. He is a solo singer, whose background is solo singer.
Alfa Romeo 164 is the class of Executive car.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. Switzerland's leader is Federal Chancellor of Switzerland.
Aleksandra Kovac, who performs Pop music, is associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovac.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States. The leader of Manhattan is GaleBrewer.
The 3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland.
Alan Bean was a member of Apollo 12, which operated by NASA. David Scott is the commander of Apollo 12.
Aaron Turner is associated with Sumac and Sumac. He performs Black metal music.
The A.C. Cesena is located in Cesena and has 23900 Members.
The main ingredients of Arròs negre are Whiterice, cuttlefish or squid,cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers and Cephalopod ink.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi and the SEAT Ibiza.
The Dead Man's Plack was dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. G. P Prabhukumar.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.0.
Alan B Miller Hall is owned by College of William & Mary.
Antares rocket was final flight on the 28th of October 2014.
Airey Neave was a member of the Military Cross and died in World War II.
The Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and was completed in 1927. It was completed in 1931 and has Tudor and Jacabian.
Andrew the Apostle is the patron of 1 Decembrie 1918 University, which has the latin name Universitas Apulensis.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria-Hungary and died in Graz.
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and plays for the F.C. Bari 1908 club.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County, Georgia in the United States.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was operating in the United States Air Force. The Lockheed AC-130 has a Lockheed AC-130 and the Battle of Grenada.
Albany is part of the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country's leader is President and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Austin, Texas has a total area of 686.0 square kilometres and an area of land is 703.95 square kilometres.
The leader of Germany isStanislaw Tillich.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden and performed as a solo singer.
Adonis Georgiadis is aDeputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping.
Aaron Deer was born in Indiana, United States.
Hook'em is a mascot in the University of Texas at Austin.
Frank De Boer plays for the AFC Ajax Club.
Hypermarcas has 10252Employees and a revenue of 1800000000.
Atlantic City International Airport has a runway name 4/22 and is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. The runway name is 4/22.
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Doug Moench is the creator of Ballistic (comicsCharacter) whose alternative name is Kelvin Mao.
Auburn,Alabama is in the United States where Washington D.C. is the capital.
The demonym of Italians is Italians.
The main ingredient of Beef kway teow is Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Tomato is an ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce in Italy.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovac.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes and operated by ENAIRE.
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where the capital is Rome and Laura Boldrini are leaders.
110 Lydia has a rotation period of 39332.9 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
Agustín Barboza, a solo singer, is a solo singer. His record label is Philips Records.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis.
Baymax has the Big Hero 6 film.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on the 20th of January 1930. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963.
Asam pedas is from Malaysia, where the leader is Arifin Zakaria and one of the ethnic groups are Malaysian Indian.
110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000.0 and an orbital period of 142603000.0.
Hypermarcas is a company of Pharmaceuticals and has cosmetic products.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The language spoken in Texas is Spanish and Texan is the demonym of Texas.
John Madin is the architect of 103 Colmore Row.
Barney Cakes is a dish from France, where Gérard Larcher is the leader. The country's leader is Gérard Larcher and its ingredient is Sponge cake.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia, Spain. Its main ingredient is Bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
Adenan Satem is a member of the University ofAdelaide.
Chinabank is a Public company in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands.
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia, where Felipe VI is the leader and Susana Díaz is one of its demonyms in Spain.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont on 23rd October1793. He worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont.
Bhajji is a country in India, where T. S Thakur is the leader.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers died in the Battle of Baku and was designed by Turk Sehitleri Anıtı. The leader of the country isArtur Rasizade.
Bacon sandwich is found in the United Kingdom, where Brown sauce is an alternative name. Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin.
The Athens International Airport is located in Athens, Greece. The leader of the country isAlexis Tsipras.
Auron (comicsCharacter) was created by Marv Wolfman.
The periapsis of (66391) 1999 KW4 is 29919600000.0.
Albany is part of Georgia in the U.S. state and Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where English is spoken.
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S. Città di Palermo in Serie A and is managed byGiuseppe Iachini.
The Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Baku, Azerbaijan. PresidentArtur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaydjan and its capital is Baku.
Alan Frew is a solo singer, whose musical genre is Rock music and its fusion genre is Bhangra.
Athens International Airport is located in Spata.
Abner is a footballer who plays for C.D.FAS.
Bakso is an ingredient in Noodle.
The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is the Prime Minister, whose name is TurkŞehitleri Anıtı. The Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers died in the Battle of Baku and was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band, whose musical genre is Rock music and its stylistic origins are Blues.
Hypermarcas is located in Sao Paulo.
The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
Aleksey Chirikov was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and has a ship beam of 21.2.
Batchoy is from the Philippines, where ChineseFilipinos are an ethnic group. Zamboangans are one of the ethnic groups in the Philippines.
Bandeja paisa is an ingredient in Malaya paisa.
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaik.
The English language is spoken in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Adam Koc died in New York City.
The AMC Matador was assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin and is related to the AMC Ambassador.
American Journal of Mathematics was first publication in 1878 and has an issn number 1080-6377.
Bananaman was created by John Geering and was broadcasted by BBC. The first Aired on April 15, 1983, with Tim Brooke-Taylor.
Abdul TaibMahmud is from Kota Samarahan.
Arem-Arem is from Indonesia.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is written in Great Britain and spoken in Great Britain. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas where English is spoken and Fort Worth is the largest city in Texas.
Alan B Miller Hall was tenant ofMason School of Business and was architected by Robert A. M Stern.
Hypermarcas has a netIncome of 108600000 and its netIncome is 1800000000.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade, 1972 and has a solo singer.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, part of Awadh and is 167.94 metres above sea level.
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas in the United States.
Akeem Ayers, who was formerly known as theTennessee Titans, has a draft Pick of 39.
Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party (United States) whose leader is Daniel Webster.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine.
Antonis Samaras was born in Athens and was Prime Minister of Konstantinos Mitsotakis. He was a Prime Minister, whose deputy is Evangelos Venizelos and his succeeded by Makis Voridis.
Abdul TaibMahmud was a member of the University ofAdelaide.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the band Jwaydan Moyine and Jwaydan Moyine.
The epoch date of 1001 Gaussia is 27 June 2015 and was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky. Its periapsis is 419113394.55312 kilometres.
The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006. It has an orbital period of 135589000.0 and an orbital period of 135589000.0.
250 Delaware Avenue is located inBuffalo, New York and has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres. The building was completed on Jan 1, 2014.
Diane Duane is the author of A Wizard of Mars, which has an ISBN number 318875313.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, United States. It is part of Clayton, Winnebago County, Wisconsin.
Gruppo Bertone was founded inTurin, Italy. The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is designed by Gruppo Bertone.
Andrews County, Texas is located in Andrews County, Texas.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and served as a Fighter pilot. He was a member of the NASA Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Andrew White is a musician who plays Alternative rock.
Hypermarcas was founded on 01-01-01 2001 and has an netIncome of 108600000.
Chinabank was founded on August 16th 1920 and has 295 locations. The netIncome of 15100000000 is 15100000000.
Julia Morgan was born in California and designed Asilomar Conference Grounds. The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Julia Morgan, whose significant building is Los Angeles Herald-Examiner.
The AIDAluna has a ship beam of 32.2, a length of 252000.0 millimetres and is powered byCaterpillar Inc.
Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Paul Ryan is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, United Kingdom and died in London.
Akeem Dent was formerly known as Houston Texans, whose owner is Arthur Blank. The Atlanta Falcons are owned by Arthur Blank.
The GMA New Media was founded on 1st December 2000 and has its key person Felipe Gozon. It is located in the GMA Network Center of GMA Network Center.
Baked Alaska is from New York, United States. The ingredient of Baked Alaska is Sponge Cake.
Sami languages are spoken in Finland.
Elliot See was born on 23rd March 1927 in Dallas, Texas. He worked as a Test pilot and died on 28th March 1966.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas which has the largest city in FortWorth, Texas. Austin is the capital of Texas and its capital is Austin.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County,Ohio. The governing body ofCleveland City Council is theCleveland City Council.
AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, the North American East Time Zone. The area total of AmeriGas is 9833516.63 square kilometres.
Amarillo, Texas is located in the United States.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool isStuart Parker who plays for Chesterfield F.C. and has been managed by Gordon Marsden.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland, where Leon Trotsky was a commander.
The Antares rocket was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, associated with Minotaur V and is comparable to Delta II.
Agra Airport is located in India, where T. S Thakur is the leader.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé manufactured by Gruppo Bertone.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia, Spain. Water is an ingredient of Ajoblanco.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and has a runway name 14L/32R.
The Secret Scripture was published by Faber and Faber, Ireland. White people are one of the ethnic groups in Ireland.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Indonesia, Malaysia. Its main ingredient is Squeezed or smashed Fried chicken served with sambal.
The Ara Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) has a length of 192000.0 millimetres.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the band Suburban Legends.
Alison O'Donnell was active in 1963.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 23 floors and Marriott International.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi, which is managed by Levan Khomeriki and has the ground of Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader. English is spoken in Great Britain and African Americans are an ethnic group.
N. R. Pogson was born in England.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. It has 600 students and its dean is Mario Botta.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire, United States. He was a test pilot and died in California.
Kempe Gowda II was founded by Kempe Gowda I. The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Ariane 5 was launched at the Guiana Space Centre, French Guiana.
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and has a Cruise ship.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Oregon. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and has a runway length of 3078.48].
Alex Day was born in London Borough of Havering and performs Electronic music. He was associated with Charlie McDonnell and Chameleon Circuit.
The alternative name of Aurakles is Aurakles.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Klaus Iohannis is the Prime Minister of Romania whose capital is Bucharest.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. Its campus is In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Reddy and its President is B.M Reddy.
Aaron Bertram is a member of the Kids Imagine Nation band and performs Ska punk. He plays for Kids Imagine Nation with Brian Robertson.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in Battle of Fredericksburg, part of the American Civil War. Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the American Civil War.
Angola is part of Steuben County in Indiana, United States.Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Aaron Deer, who was born in Indiana, is a solo singer. He performs Indie rock music and WeeGiant.
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The capital of the United Kingdom is London.
AdamHolloway was born in Faversham Kent, England and served as a Grenadier Guards. He was a member of Grenadier Guards.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and served as a Fighter pilot. He was selected by NASA in 1963 with the US Institute of Technology, Sc.D.
The leader of Dublin is Dáil Éireann, which is part of Leinster.
The Abbreviation of theACM Trans Inf Syst. is ACM Trans Inf Syst.
American Motors was succeeded by Eagle, a key person in the American Motors whose successor is Roy D Chapin Jr.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician whose record label is Dynamic CaravanRecordings. Funk is derivative of Funk.
The Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers died in the Battle of Baku.
The language of the Philippines is Arabic.
Honda is a division of Acura.
Alison O'Donnell was active in 1963 and performs Folk music. He is associated with Head South By Weaving and MellowCandle.
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R. Pogson, whose epoch date is 31 December 2006.
Adare Manor was completed in 1700.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Spain.
Barney Cakes was created by Mondelez International.
Austin is part of Travis County, Texas in the United States.
Auburn is part of Alabama.
The Philippine Entertainment Portal is the subsidiary of GMA New Media, which is located in Quezon City.
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa,Ethiopia. Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Addis Ababa City Hall.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and served as a test pilot. He worked as a test pilot.
103 Hera has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is spoken in Great Britain, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma is the leader.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in Chicago.
The AMC Matador, assembled in Thames, New Zealand, has a Station wagon and a station wagon.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Sulaiman AbdulRahman Taib.
250 Delaware Avenue, designed by Postmodern architecture, has an floor area of 30843.8 square metres. It has 12 floors and the floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce and Al. is published in the E-book 1634: The Ram Rebellion with 512 pages.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and has a runway name 18R/36L.
Potter County, Texas is the state of Texas.
Abilene, Texas is part of Taylor County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishna Radhakrishna Radh.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands and is led by Mark Rutte. The country's leader is Mark Rutte.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and retired on 29th May 1999. His predecessor is Oladipo Diya.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. He was led by Tabaré Vázquez and died in Montevideo.
The Aston Martin V8, assembled in the United Kingdom, has 5.3 litres and is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
Elliot See was a test pilot.
Beef kway teow is from Singapore, whereTony Tan is the leader.
Barney Cakes is from France, where Gérard Larcher is the leader.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, has a Saab 9000 engine and is related to the Lancia Thema.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. G. P Prabhukumar. Its campus is in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr.
Cornell University is affiliated with Association of American Universities and was affiliated with Association of American Universities.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes and has a runway length of 3500.0.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. The country's ethnic group isFilipinos and the Akita Museum of Art is part of Akita Prefecture.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is led by Elizabeth II. The capital of London is London and Pound sterling is an currency.
Ayam penyet was served Temperature hot.
Trane is located in La Crosse, Wisconsin and has 29000Employees.
Binignit is an ingredient in Binignit, a division of flowering plant.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of Caterpillar Inc. whose location is in Illinois, United States.
Alan Frew is a member of Rock music, which has its origins in Blues and the fusion genre Bhangra.
Balder is created by Jack Kirby.
Ampara Hospital is located in Malatese, Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow, whose manager is Rashid Rakhimov. He also plays for FC Spartak Moscow and managed by Rashid Rakhimov.
Andra is a solo singer who was born in Romania and has been a solo singer.
The United States House of Representatives is part of California, where Tom Tait is the leader. Anaheim is part of California and its leader is Tom Tait.
Albennie Jones plays Rhythm and blues music.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and competed in Big 12 Conference. He is affiliated with the University of Texas System and has been affiliated with the University of Texas System.
A Long Long Way was preceded byAnnie Dunne and followed by The Secret Scripture.
The OCLC number of Addiction is 27367194.
The Antares rocket was launched by Vandenberg Air Force Base and was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 with Minotaur IV.
The population Density of Attica, Indiana is 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given theTechnicalCampusStatus by All India Council for Technical Education.
The ship In Service of AIDAstella is March 17th 2013.
The full name of AZ Alkmaar Zaanstreek is Alkmaar Zaanstreek.
Alan B Miller Hall is currently a current Tenants of Mason School of Business in the United States.
The Antwerp International Airport is located in the Flemish Region and has a runway length of 600.0.
Alberto Teisaire died inBuenos Aires, where Diego Santilli is the leader.
Bakewell pudding is a main ingredient of Ground almond, jam, butter and eggs. It has a main ingredients of Ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Alvah Sabin was born in Sycamore, Illinois and died in Sycamore, Illinois.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is a Two Door Coupé and has a wheelbase of 2160.0 millimetres. It has a Straight-four engine and a Wheelbase of 2160.0 millimetres.
James CraigWatson was born in Wisconsin and died inMadison, Wisconsin.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay national football team.
Ampara Hospital is located in East Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, United States where Joe Biden is the leader. The Apollo 11 operated by NASA is operated by NASA.
The ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce is Olive oil.
103 Hera was discovered by James CraigWatson, who died inMadison, Wisconsin.
The Adisham Hall was completed in 1931 and has Tudor Revival architecture.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia, Spain. Its main ingredient is Bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
The Sphinx class cruise ship is located in Maltese.
Felipe Gozon is the key person ofGMA New Media.
Adam Koc was awarded the Officer's Star Parasol.
The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen.
Aleksandra Kovač plays Soul music.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has a runway length of 3500.0 and is situated in Amsterdam.
The champions of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense are Vila Nova Futebol Clube and the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
Delta II was launched by Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985.
Trane has a netIncome of $10264000000 and a netIncome of 5264000000.
Hypermarcas was founded on 1st March 2001 and is a S.A. Corporation. The key person of Hypermarcas is CEO.
Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The president of the country is B.M Reddy.
The population Density of Alexandria, Indiana is 755.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, United States.
AceWilder is a Hip hop musician whose stylistic origin is Disco.
The ingredient of Arròs negre is Cuttlefish.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League and is managed by Valery Petrakov.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor and managed by Amar Osim.
Aleksandra Kovac, who performs Rhythm and blues, is associated with Bebi Dol and K2 (Kovač Sistersduo).
Bananaman is broadcasted by TV.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, where Lockheed AC-130 has a Lockheed AC-130 and Boeing C-17 Globemaster III.
Barney Cakes is a dish Variation of Apple and has 1.8g carbohydrate.
The rotation Period of 1097 Vicia is 95040.0.
Anders Osborne is associated with Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars and Tab Benoit.
Ann Arbor is part of Michigan in the United States.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and has the capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. The country's capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv which has the ground of Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium and managed by Oleh Luzhny.
The leader of Manchester is the Labour Party (UK) and Alfred Garth Jones was born in England.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and served as a test pilot. He was a test pilot who attended UT Austin, B.S. 1955.
The comic character Asterix is created by Rene Goscinny.
Batagor is from Indonesia, which has Shiitake and Shiitake. The dish Variation of Shumai is Siomay.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia. He is part of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and died in Kuching.
Asser Levy Public Baths was added to The National Register of Historic PlacesReference number 80002709 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places, which is located in 23rd Street (Manhattan).
Adam Koc was born in Poland, where the Polish language is spoken and Leon Trotsky was a commander.
Walter Baade was born in Preußisch Oldendorf and graduated from the University of Göttingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed, whose doctoral student is Halton Arp.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Argentina, whose leader isGabriela Michetti and died inBuenos Aires City Legislature. The country's governing body is the Argentine City Legislature.
Elliot See was born in St Louis on 28 March 1966. He studied at the University of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis on 29 March 1966.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is the leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico.
AZAL PFK has 3500 Members and played in the Baku Premier League, where Qarabağ FK are the champions.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. Anderson is the largest city in Indiana.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is spoken in Great Britain, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Aaron S Daggett was a member of the Battle of Mine Run.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in the state of Karnataka. The city of Bangalore is to Its West, Arabian Sea.
Bionico is a dessert with Ice cream.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J. V Jones and has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
The length of Alhambra is 63800.0 millimetres and has a ship beam of 8.3 m.
The ALCO RS-3 is a Four-stroke engine.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion, part of Gran Asunción. Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical CampusStatus by All India Council for Technical Education, in Mumbai. It has to its West and Arabian Sea.
Akron Summit Assault is located in St Vincent-St Mary High School.
Airey Neave was a service started in 1935.
Abner is a footballer who plays for Coritiba Foot Ball Club. He managed by Luis Miguel Ramis and plays for Coritiba Foot Ball Club.
107 Camilla, discovered by E Wells, has an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres and a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres.
The book above the Veil was preceded by Castle.
The epoch date of (66063) 1998 RO1 is November 4, 2013 and has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres. It has an orbital period of 360.29 days and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.
Buzz Aldrin was a Fighter pilot who was selected by NASA in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963 as a fighter pilot. He was selected by NASA in 1963 with the MIT of Technology, Sc.D.
Peter Stöger is the manager of 1. FC Köln.
Bacon Explosion is from the United States, where Joe Biden is led by Joe Biden and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Alfredo Zitarrosa plays Milonga music.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where the leader is Klaus Iohannis and Andrew the Apostle are an ethnic group. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle.
Mario Botta is the dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, which was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff.
Austrian German is the language spoken in Austria.
California is located in the United States.
The ALV X-1 is manufactured by the Alliant Techsystems and has AGM-88HARM.
The Parc Olympique Lyonnais is located in Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero.
1089 Tama has an escape Velocity of 0.068 kilometres per second.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the leader of Indiana.
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located in Amsterdam and has a runway name 06/24 Kaagbaan. It has an elevation above the SeaLevel of 3.3528.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd Runway Size of Poaceae and is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand. The runway name is 03R/21L.
The long name of the United States is the United States.
Trenton is the capital of New Jersey.
10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days.
Agnes Kant is a member of theSocialist Party in Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is led by Mark Rutte. The country's leader is Mark Rutte and its colour is Red.
The Antares rocket was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It is comparable to the Delta II, which originated from the United States.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata,Mississippi.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California which is led by the United States House of Representatives.
A.C Lumezzane is located in Italy, wherePietro Grasso is the leader.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and has a ship beam of 21.2.
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 Members.
Carpi F.C. 1909 are the champions of Serie B and A.C. Cesena play in Serie B.
The AIDAstella, owned by Meyer Werft, is located in Genoa and operated by the Carnival Corporation &plc. It was built by Meyer Werft.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was involved in the Operation EnduringFreedom.
The main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce are Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil.
Hypermarcas was founded on 01-01-01 2001 and has a population density of 23.8.
The builder of Alhambra is Samuda Brothers and has a length of 63800.0 millimetres. Its power type is Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes.
Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 Members.
Acharya Institute of Technology was affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Mumbai, India. The city of Visvesvaraya Technological University is located in Mumbai.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. It has a runway name 4/22 and an IATA LocationIdentifier of KACY.
Appleton International Airport is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is made by bronze.
BakedAlaska is from France, United States or China.
A Wizard of Mars is published by Diane Duane and has an ISBN number of 318875313.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with European University. It has 737 students and its academic staff size is 737.
The inauguration date of the Atatürk Monument (İzmir) was 27th July 1932.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street, Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street. The National Register of Historic PlacesReference number is 80002709.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on September 2, 1995 and plays for FloridaPanthers.
Alan Frew plays Rock music, which is originated from Folk music.
AZAL PFK is located in the Baku Premier League, where Qarabağ FK plays for the Azerbajdjan FC.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Joe Biden is the leader and White Americans are an ethnic group.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Batumi.
The main ingredient of Bionico is Chopped Fruits, Sour cream, Condensed milk, Granola, Shredded Coconut and Raisins.
Andrews County Airport is located at Helipad.
AmeriGas is a energy company in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania.
Alvah Sabin is a member of Whig Party in the United States.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan Airlines and has a runway name 12R/30L. The runway name is 12R/30L.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer and plays Pop music.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of Red granite and white marble.
Trane was founded on March 1st 1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin and has a HVAC product. It is located in La Crosse, Wisconsin.
The Atlas II was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
The first Appearance in film Baymax was Big Hero 6 and Steven T. Seagle.
The German language is spoken in Belgium.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Lahore, Pakistan. Shehbaz Sharif is led by Shehbaz Sharif.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington, D.C.
The Ampara Hospital is located in East Province, Sri Lanka and has 476beds. AustinFernando is the leader of Sri Lanka whose leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
A Severed Wasp, published in Print, has an ISBN number of 03744-26131-8 and the Library of CongressClassification is PS3523.E55 S4 1982.
Atlanta is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where DanielMartínez is the politician.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, United States and was architected by Robert A M Stern.
Alan Martin was born on 1st January 1989 and plays for Aldershot Town FC.
Vica is the manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense.
The Secret Scripture is a language spoken in Great Britain.
Alan B Miller Hall is current Tenants of Mason School of Business.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC and Thomas Doll.
The Antares rocket was launched on the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for PAS Tehran F.C.
Adam Koc is a member of thePolish language in Poland, where Kashubians are an ethnic group.
Aleksey Chirikov was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and has a ship beam of 21.2.
Aenir has the OCLC number 45644811.
Ajoblanco is a alternative name of Ajoblanco.
Barney Cakes has 1.8g protein.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of Caterpillar Inc.
HIV is the genus Lentivirus.
TheAngola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo,Angola.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where the leader is Elizabeth II and BlackCanadians are an ethnic group.
The Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University and is affiliated with Association of Public and Land-grant Universities.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New Mexico Territory and died in New Mexico Territory.
Ajoblanco is main ingredients ofbread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil.
The architect of 3Arena is HOKSVE and was completed on December 2008 in Dublin.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20th January 1930 and was selected by NASA in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963 with the Apollo 11 mission of Apollo 11.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez plays for A.D. Isidro Metapán.
Christian Panucci is the manager of A.S Livorno Calcio and plays for Italy national football team.
The AIDAstella was born on March 16th 2013 and has 253260.0 millimetres.
The maiden voyage of Alhambra was 1855-07-07.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and has a runway name 3/21. The runway name of Appleton International Airport is 3/21.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He was awarded the Purple Heart and died in West Roxbury.
Batchoy is from the Philippines, where ChineseFilipinos are an ethnic group.
Alan Bean was a backup pilot in Apollo 12, which is operated by NASA. David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12.
Aarhus Airport has a runway length of 2702.0.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located at 507 metres above sea level.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. It is mainly known as Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Hypermarcas is located in Brazil and has drugs.
The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense.
The leader of Austria is Doris Bures and died in Imst.
The comic character Blockbuster is created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle.
101Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days.
Attica is part of Indiana in the United States.
The AIDAluna is a power type ofCaterpillar Inc., located in Peoria, Illinois.
The Media companyGMA New Media is a media company.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He succeeded William M. O Dawson.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Dr G P Prabhukumar is the Director of Acharya Institute of Technology, which is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States. The leader of the United States is Barack Obama and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Texas and died on 28 March 1966. He retired at St Louis on the 28th of February 1966.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata,Mississippi. He is a solo singer.
The Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy. Garlic is an ingredient in the region of Rome.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, Virginia. The chancellor of the College of William and Mary was Robert Gates.
