Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire on 18th October 1923 and died in California. He retired on August 1, 1974.
Hypermarcas was founded on 01-01-01 2001 and is a S.A. (corporation). The key person of Hypermarcas is CEO.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kutikkattoor, India. Its largest city is Mumbai and has 250 academic staff.
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for the Motherwell F.C. and was managed byBarry Ferguson.
Edmund J. Davis died in Austin, Texas.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy).
Alvah Sabin was born in Sycamore, Illinois and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He is a member of the Whig Party (United States) whose leader is Daniel Webster.
The GMA New Media is produced by World Wide Web.
N. R. Pogson is a national of England.
A Long Long Way was preceded byAnnie Dunne and followed by The Secret Scripture.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Barack Obama is led by Barack Obama.
Carpi F.C. 1909 are the champions of Serie B in Ireland.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma,Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, AlexanderPopov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny.
William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 in the United States and retired on September 1st 1969. He was a Fighter pilot, whose almaMater was AFIT, M.S. 1962.
Bhajji is a main ingredient of Gram flour and vegetables.
A Severed Wasp has a ISBN number of 0374-26131-8 and is published in Hardcover. The ISBN number of A Severed Wasp is 8805735.
The language of the Philippines is Arabic.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and worked as theDeputy Parliamentary Spokesman of popular Orthodox Rally.
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and its ISBN number is 374-26131-8.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Lahore, Pakistan and operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. Shehbaz Sharif is led by Shehbaz Sharif.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the band Suburban Legends.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas which has the largest city in Round Rock. The Spanish language is spoken in Ireland.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is spoken in Great Britain, United States. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States whose leader is Barack Obama.
Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas, United States where Washington D.C. is the capital.
Barney Cakes is from France, where Gérard Larcher is the leader.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in U.S. Route 83 and has the National Register of Historic PlacesReference number 88002539.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched at Vandenberg Air Force Base in Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport, United States.
The Akron Summit Assault is full name of Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault, whose manager is Denzil Antonio and has 3000 members.
Mario Botta is the dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, which was established in 1996 and has 100 staff.
Austin, Texas is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is the leader. Germans of Romania are one of the ethnic groups in Romania.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense plays for the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C in Brazil and Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Andrew White plays Alternative rock.
The Bananaman was created by Steve Bright and was broadcasted bySTV.
Austin, Texas has a total area of 686.0 square kilometres and an area of land is 703.95 square kilometres.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England. The leader of Manchester is the Labour Party UK.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where the leader is Elizabeth II.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11th July 1907 in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County,Maryland. It is located in Frederick County,Maryland.
The runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1/19.
The Secret Scripture was published by Faber and Faber. A Long Long Way is preceded byAnnie Dunne. White people are one of the ethnic groups in Ireland.
Bakso is from Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader.
The population Density of Attica, Indiana is 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres.
A.C. Lumezzane plays in Lega Pro/A and has 4150 Members.
The Secret Scripture is published by Faber and Faber, Ireland. White people are one of the ethnic groups in Ireland.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, is related to the Lancia Thema. It has Straight-four engine and Lancia Thema.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen.
The Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. The leader of Addis Ababa is Hailemariam Desalegn and the leaders are Hailemariam Desalegn.
The Adisham Hall was completed in 1931 and has Tudor Revival architecture.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas and competed in Big 12 Conference. He is affiliated with University of Texas System and has the PresidentGregory L Fenves.
Alpharetta is part of Georgia in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, whose Battle was Operation EnduringFreedom.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association. It was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Spain and its alternative name is Ajo Blanco.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located inAhmedabad, India. Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, nearCEPT University, Opp.Gujarat University, University Road.
California is the United States.
Bionico is a dish Variation of Honey.
Elliot See was selected by NASA in 1962 and died on 28 March 1966.
The Spanish language is spoken in Mexico.
Antioch, California has an area code of 925 and a total area of 75.324 square kilometres.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia.
TheAngola International Airport is 159 metres above sea level in Metres.
Alvah Sabin is a member of Whig Party in the United States.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds, located in Pacific Grove, California, was added to the National Register of Historic PlacesReference number 87000823 and is added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 March 1987.
The A.F.C. Fylde has 3180] Members.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center and has 23 floors.
Fulton County, Georgia is the largest city in Ireland.
110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000.0 and an orbital period of 142603000.0. It has an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
Adam Koc was born in Poland and died in thePolish-Soviet War, where Leon Trotsky was a commander.
A.C Lumezzane plays for the 2014-15 Lega Pro season.
A Glastonbury Romance is published in Hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras succeeded Konstantinos Mitsotakis, whose successor is Konstantinos Mitsotakis.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport has a runway name 14L/32R.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden and is a solo singer.
AZAL FK is located in AZAL Arena and plays for the Baku Premier League, where Qarabağ FK are the champions.
AkeemPriestley plays for FK Mughan.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and was established in 2000 in Bangalore. Its President is B.M Reddy.
Adare Manor is from the Republic of Ireland.
Austin is part of Tarrant County in Texas, where the largest city is Houston.
Ayam penyet is from Java, where Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. The country's language is English and Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups in Java.
The periapsis of 1101 Clematis is 445895000000.0.
Adare Manor was completed in 1700.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay Olympic Football team.
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has the OCLC number 45644811.
Albany is part of Georgia in the U.S. state, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The English language is spoken in Ireland.
Albuquerque City Council is the leader of Albuquerque City Council.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovac. He performs Pop music.
Agnes Kant is a member of theSocialist Party in Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is led by Mark Rutte.
AZAL PFK is located in AZAL Arena and has 3500 Members. The U.S. are the champions of theAzerbaijan Premier League, where Qarabağ FK competed.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States.
AdamHolloway was born in Kent and served as a member of the Parliament for Gravesham. He retired on 5th May 2005 and attended Mary Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Allen Shivers was a member of World War II.
Bakewell pudding is a dish from the region of Derbyshire Dales. Frangipane is an ingredient in Ireland.
Aaron Deer is a solo singer, whose genre is Psychedelia. He originated in Indiana and was born in Indiana.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Sidcup and died in Sidcup. Boris Johnson is the leader of London.
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 Members.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. The leader of Uruguay is RaúlFernando Sendic Rodríguez and Daniel Martinez was politician.
Bananaman is broadcasted by TV.
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Audi is a division of Audi E-tron.
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician who plays Electric guitar and performs Death metal.
Ayam penyet is located in Malaysia and Singapore. Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups in Java.
Sami languages are spoken in Finland.
Aaron Boogaard was born inRegina, Saskatchewan and plays for Wichita Thunder.
The ethnic group of Pangasinense people are the Pangasinense people.
Alan B Miller Hall was owned by College of William & Mary and was built on 30 March 2007 in Virginia.
The manager of the A.F.C. Blackpool isStuart Parker, who plays for Chesterfield FC and was led by Gordon Marsden.
250 Delaware Avenue, which is 30843.8 square metres, has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres. It was completed on the 1st of Jan 2014 and has 12 floors.
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas in the United States whereNative Americans are an ethnic group.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. The leader of Uruguay is Tabaré Vázquez.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Oladipo Diya was Vice President and succeeded by Atiku Abubakar.
A Glastonbury Romance has an ISBN number of 00-7156-3648-0.
Sara Miller McCune was founded by Sara Miller McCune. The Administrative Science Quarterly is abbreviated to the Admin. Sci. Q.
The editor ofAIP Advances is A.T Charlie Johnson, who was published by American Institute of Physics.
Attica, Indiana is part ofLogan Township, Fountain County, Indiana and has a population Density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Abner W Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens and succeeded by Donald J Irwin. He was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District.
The ISBN number of A Fortress of Grey Ice is 0-7653-0633-6.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and was published in Ireland. The capital of the United Kingdom is London. Elizabeth II is led by Elizabeth II.
Albennie Jones is a musician who plays Jazz, which originated from Blues.
The Philippine Entertainment Portal is a subsidiary of GMA New Media in Quezon City.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States.
Aenir has the OCLC number 45644811.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the Arabian Sea.
Anders Osborne, who plays Rock music, is associated with Tab Benoit and Tab Benoit.
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R. Pogson.
The Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Denmark.
Bhajji is a country in India where Narendra Modi is the leader and Vajubhai Vala is led by Vajubhai Vala.
Hypermarcas is a Pharmaceutical company in Ireland.
Baked Alaska is from New York, United States. Its ingredient is Sponge Cake.
A Glastonbury Romance is written in Hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0.
Andrew White plays Alternative rock music and played for Marry Banilow.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, whose parent Company is Wolters Kluwer. Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom and DavidCameron is led by Elizabeth II.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where English is spoken in Great Britain and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire on November 18, 1923. He graduated from the Department of Commerce Gold Medal (United States Navy) and died in California.
Al Anderson is associated with the NRBQ band The Wildweeds and was active in 1966.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located inAhmedabad, India. The leader of India is T. S Thakur and the governor is T. S Thakur.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade, 1972. He performs Pop music and is a solo singer.
The leader of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh.
Trane is located in La Crosse, Wisconsin and has 29000Employees.
Alfredo Zitarrosa plays Milonga music.
Abradab is a solo singer.
The Premier Development League is the champions of Akron Summit Assault, located in Akron, Ohio, United States. It plays for the Premier Development League and K-W United FC.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas which has the largest city in Houston. The Spanish language is spoken in Ireland.
Spacewatch was discovered by Spacewatch.
Aaron S Daggett, who was awarded Purple Heart, fought in Battle ofFredericksburg.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in Invasion of Grenada.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located inAhmedabad, India. The leader of India is Narendra Modi and the President is Narendra Modi.
Anders Osborne is associated with Tab Benoit and Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. He performs Rock music and plays Rock music.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and has a runway length of 3078.48].
Andrew Caldwell is the leader of Brandon, Manitoba.
Allen Shivers was a military Branch in Ireland.
Andra is a solo singer who plays Rhythm and blues music.
The Atlas II was launched at Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36. It has a diameter of 3.04 m and the final flight on March 16th 1998.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and VfL Wolfsburg.
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown.
The Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi is the ground of A.C. ChievoVerona which plays in Serie A.
The inauguration date of the Atatürk Monument (İzmir) was 27th July 1932.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is part of New Mexico and has a population Density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre. Albuquerque, New Mexico has an area code of 505, 575 and its total area is490.9 square kilometres.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and has a time in Space of 52.0 minutes.
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd March 1982 in Sweden. He is a solo singer and began his career on 23rd March 1982.
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Walter Baade was discovered by the AlmaMater of Göttingen and graduated from University of Göttingen.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania whose capital is Bucharest and its anthem is Deșteaptă-te, romane.
Massimo Drago plays for Delfino Pescara 1936.
Costa Crociere is the operator of AIDA Cruises, which is operated by Costa Crociere.
Aaron Deer plays Guitar and performs Psychedelia.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the Italian national under 17 football team and played for U.C. Sampdoria. Silvio Berlusconi's manager is Silvio Berlusconi.
Abner W Sibal was a commander in the United States Army and died in World War II. Chiang Kai-shek was a commander in the United States Army.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion, part of Gran Asunción. Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay and died in Asuncion.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 students. It has 737 staff.
Batchoy is from the Philippines, where ChineseFilipinos are an ethnic group.
Marv Wolfman was awarded Eagle Award (comics).
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in Operation EnduringFreedom. McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle was a fighter at Lockheed AC-130.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is the leader.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in St Louis.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and served as a Fighter pilot. He was selected by NASA in 1963 with the US Institute of Technology, Sc.D.
The Flemish Region is owned by Flemish Region and operates the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain. It has a runway length of 3500.0 and an elevation above the Sea level of 610.0.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. and has 70634 members.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. It has the LCCN number 83646315 and its ISSN number is 1588-2632.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
The Atlas II was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Bacon Explosion is a main course in Ireland.
Alan Frew is a rock musician whose stylistic origin is Country music.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and retired. He was a member of Apollo 12 whose commander is David Scott.
Wolf Solent was written by John Cowper Powys.
The AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is led by Elizabeth II.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas which has the largest city in Houston. English is spoken in Ireland.
The ACMTransactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to the AC Trans Inf Syst. and its ISSN number is 1046-8188.
The ALCO RS-3 was constructed by American Locomotive Company in May 1950 and has 12 cylinders. It is 17068.8 millimetres long and has an V12 engine.
Potter County, Texas is located in Texas.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. English is spoken in Ireland.
Abel Hernández plays for the Central Español club Hull City A.F.C. and is managed by SteveBruce.
Addis Ababa City Hall is 42 m long and current Tenants are Government of Addis Ababa.
Honda is a division of Acura.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association. It has 737 students and its academic staff size is 737.
Audi A1 is assembled in AudiBrussels.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers died in the Battle of Baku.
Atlanta has a total area of 347.1 square kilometres and an area code of 404, 678, 470. The population Density of Atlanta is 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State, Nigeria. He worked as the Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria).
Alfred Moore Scales was a member of the Overland Campaign.
Battle ofFredericksburg is part of the American Civil War.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd Runway Surface type of Poaceae.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, owned by Bella Center, is Marriott International and has 23 floors.
Abilene is part of Taylor County in Texas, United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C.
Anaheim, California is the leader of the United States House of Representatives.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv, which is managed by Oleh Luzhny and has the ground of Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium.
Albany is part of Benton County, Oregon in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States whose capital is Washington D.C.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of Red granite and white marble.
Aenir is followed by Above the Veil.
Ayam penyet is from Java, where Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob and Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups in Java.
Meyer Werft was built byAIDAstella.
The Violet Keystone was preceded by Castle.
The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and served as a test pilot. He was a test pilot who was a member of NASA at UT Austin, B.S. 1955.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. DanielMartínez is the politician of Uruguay.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for PAS Tehran F.C.
The power type of Alhambra is Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes.
Trane has a netIncome of 5264000000 and its net Income is 556300000.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born inStaten Island, United States. He died in New Mexico Territory.
The epoch date of 1001 Gaussia was 27 June 2015 and has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres.
Chinabank is a Public company in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands.
Bakso is from Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader. It is spoken in English and its leader is Jusuf Kalla.
Binignit is an ingredient of Sweet potato, which is division of flowering plant.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba and plays for Anyang Halla.
Agnes Kant was a member of the Netherlands.
Adenan Satem is a member of the University ofAdelaide.
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia, where Felipe VI is the leader and Susana Díaz is one of its demonyms in Ireland. Spain's leaders are Felipe VI and Susana Díaz.
The full name of AZ Alkmaar Zaanstreek is Alkmaar Zaanstreek.
Agra Airport is operated by the Indian Air Force and has an icao location Identifier VIAG.
HIV is a family of Orthoretrovirinae whose academicDiscipline is HIV.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria and died in Graz. He was led by Doris Bures and died in Graz.
Christian Panucci is a manager of A.S Livorno Calcio who plays for Genoa C.F.C.
A.F.C. Fylde is located in The Fylde.
Bandeja paisa is an ingredient in Ireland.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas, Texas. He was a test pilot and died in St Louis.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States.
Alvah Sabin was born in Sycamore, Illinois and died in Sycamore, Illinois.
The 1955 Dodge is from Hardtop and has a V8 engine.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Colombian cuisine region of Paisa Region. It has Rosids and Rutaceae as an ingredient.
Atlantic County, New Jersey is located in the United States.
The runway name of theAngola International Airport is South Runway.
Albennie Jones plays Rhythm and blues, which originated from Blues.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in New York City, United States. He succeeded John N Dempsey and died in New York City.
Aleksandr Chumakov is a member of FC Torpedo Moscow, who plays for the 2014-15 Russian Premier League. The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24th February 1989 and plays for FC SpartakMoscow.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Spain.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The main ingredient of Binignit is Sweet potato.
Mike Akhigbe was predecessor of Oladipo Diya.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He succeeded William M. O Dawson.
Adams County, Pennsylvania is located in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania and has to It West of Cumberland County, Pennsylvania. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania.
Austin is part of Travis County, Texas in the United States.
Arròs negre is from Spain and Squid is an ingredient in Ireland.
Alan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and succeeded Ben Ramsey.
Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Addiction and has an ISSN number of 0965-2140.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas on March 15th 1932. He was a test pilot and died in Wheeler, Texas.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner.
Wiley-Blackwell is published in Ireland.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, is related to the Lancia Thema.
1101 Clematis was born on 31 December 2006 and has an periapsis of 445895000000.0.
The AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom, where DavidCameron is led by Elizabeth II.
The epoch date of (66063) 1998 RO1 is November 4, 2013 and has an escape Velocity of 0.0999 kilometres per second.
Anaheim, California has an area total of 131.6 square kilometres and a total area of 131.6 square kilometres.
Airey Neave was a member of the World War II and died on June 30th 1953.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in New Britain,Connecticut and his spouse isRuth Ribicoff.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States. The leader of the United States is John Roberts and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Siomay is a dish Variation of Shumai.
Aleksey Chirikov was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and has a ship beam of 21.2.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst in Tyrol. He died in Graz.
The main ingredient of Binignit is Sweet potato and Banana.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool isStuart Parker, who plays for KV Mechelen and played for Irlam Town FC.
The leader of Belgium isPhilippe of Belgium.
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapán is Isidro Metapan, whose ground is EstadioJorge Calero Suárez and has 10000 Members.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where DanielMartínez is the politician.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk and the Russian Football National League.
Amsterdam is part of Amsterdam-Centrum.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbayhan.
The Antares rocket was launched on the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, and was launched on April 21st 2013 in the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar.
The Albuquerque City Council is located in the United States. Richard J. Berry is the leader of Albuquerque City Council, whose leader is Richard J. Berry.
Barney Cakes is from France where Gérard Larcher is the leader and its ingredient is Sponge cake.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Milan.
107 Camilla was discovered by E Wells and has an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres.
Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is headquartered at Four World Trade Center.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia, Spain. Its main ingredient is Bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
The epoch date of (66063) 1998 RO1, has an orbital period of 360.29 days and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.
Alan Frew is a solo singer and plays Rock music, which originated from Country music. Bhangra is a fusion genre of rock music.
Hypermarcas is located in Sao Paulo and has the netIncome of 108600000 and its subsidiary is Mantecorp. It has 10252Employees and its netIncome is 108600000.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has an ISBN number of 318875313.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum, India. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University at Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum and has been affiliated with the International Tennis Federation.
Abel Hernández plays for Central Español and played for the U.S. Citta diPalermo club.
A.C Lumezzane is located in Italy, wherePietro Grasso is the leader.
The christening date ofAIDAstella was March 16th 2013.
Ariane 5 was manufactured by the Airbus Defence and Space.
A.S. Livorno Calcio, whose ground is Stadio Armando Picchi, has 19238 Members and its full name is Livorno Calcio S.p.A.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J. V Jones and has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. The ISSN number of Acta Math. Hungar.
Al Anderson, who was born inWindsor,Connecticut, was associated with the NRBQ band and The Wildweeds.
The Sphinx class cruise ship is located in Ireland.
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000.0.
The Ampara Hospital is located in East Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the currency is Sri Lankan rupee.
Alvah Sabin was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Beef kway teow is from Indonesia, which is led byTony Tan.
Abilene, Texas has a total area of 14.2 square kilometres and an area code of 325. The population Density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre is 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington, D.C.
Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway name 18R/36L.
Alan Martin, who plays for Barrow A.F.C., is a member of the club Barrow A.F.C. and managed byBarry Ferguson.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California which is led by the United States House of Representatives.
Frank De Boer, who plays for the AFC Ajax Club.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
103 Hera was discovered by James CraigWatson, who was born in Canada.
The United States, where the leader is Barack Obama, is the leader of Albuquerque City Council. Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. and English is spoken.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He worked as the Minister for Health.
Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the United States.
Batchoy is an ingredient in Ireland.
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R. Pogson, who was born inNottingham and has an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Baymax has the Big Hero 6 film.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States where Americans are an ethnic group.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located in Amsterdam and has a runway name 06/24 Kaagbaan and an elevation above the Sea level of 3.3528.
Abilene is part of Texas.
Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce and Al. is a member of the E-book 1634: The Ram Rebellion with 512 pages.
Alderney Airport is located in Alderney.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont, which has the largest city in Burlington. He is a member of the State of Vermont's 3rd Congressional District.
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician who plays Electric guitar. He was associated with House of Low Culture and Mamiffer.
The comic character Bolt is created by Paris Cullins and was created by Charlie Cohn.
Batagor is an ingredient in Siomay, a peanut sauce.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in Illinois and operated by AIDA Cruises. The company's key person is Douglas R Oberhelman.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where Americans are an ethnic group and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
BakedAlaska is a dessert made with Sandesh and Christmas pudding.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia, Spain. Its alternative name is Ajo Blanco.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and has a runway name 18R/36L.
Airey Neave was a member of the Military Cross and died in World War II.
Ariane 5 was a maiden flight on August 11th 2005.
The comic character Bolt is created by Dan Mishkin.
Atlas II originated from the United States.
Apollo 14 is operated by NASA.
Alan Frew is associated with Glass Tiger.
Alan Bean was a backup pilot in Apollo 12, which is operated by NASA and has a time in Space of 100305.0 minutes. David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica was founded by JuliusSpringer.
Duncan Rouleau is the creator of Baymax, which was starring Maya Rudolph.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Shorta SC and is located in Al Khor.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States. English is spoken in Great Britain.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland, whose leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The National Register of Historic PlacesReference number of Asilomar Conference Grounds is 87000823.
Rodrigo Duterte is the leader of the Philippines.
A Wizard of Mars is the language spoken in Ireland.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan.Filipinos are one of the ethnic groups in Japan.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level.
Aaron Turner, who performs Black metal, is associated with Greymachine and Greymachine. The music fusion genre of Black metal is Death metal.
The main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce are Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil and Chili pepper.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and played for FC Karpaty Lviv.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 RSL is the full name of Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 RSL and has 5300 Members.
James CraigWatson was discovered 103 Hera, which was discovered on 27th August 2011 and died inMadison Wisconsin.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Texas. The runway name of Andrews County Airport is 11/29 and has a length of 896.0.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, which is related to the Volkswagen Polo and VW Polo.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of Caterpillar Inc.
Alison O'Donnell, who performs Folk music of Ireland, is associated with Flibbertigibbet and Flibbertigibbet. He was a member of the band Flibbertigibbet.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is the leader.
The journal Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Addiction, which has the LCCN number 93645978 and an ISSN number of 1360-0443.
Gruppo Bertone was founded inTurin, Italy. The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is designed by Gruppo Bertone.
BakedAlaska is from France, United States or China.
The Acura TLX was assembled by Marysville Auto Plant and has a front-engine design of Honda K engine.
The Architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacabian.
Palm sugar is the main ingredient of Beef kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
The apoapsis of 1097 Vicia is 511592000.0 kilometres per second. It has an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres.
Alan B Miller Hall was tenant byMason School of Business and architect Robert A. M Stern.
Buzz Aldrin was a Fighter pilot who was selected by NASA in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963. His almaMater was the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. with William Anders.
Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow.
Atlas II originated from the United States, where the leader is President.Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The former name of 10 Hygiea is A900 GA.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the leader isSergio Mattarella and Italian is spoken.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion,Paraguay where Juan Afara is led by Juan Afara.
Binignit is a main ingredient of Sweet potato and Solanales.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi, which has the ground of Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium and managed by Levan Khomeriki.
The Acura TLX is manufactured by Honda and has Inline-four engine.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The full name of Bozo the Iron Man isHugh Hazzard.
Alderney Airport is located in Alderney, Ireland. The 1st Runway Surface type of Poaceae is Poaceae.
Antioch, California is located at 13 metres above sea level.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hilario Pérez.
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaik.
Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band whose musical genre is Rock music and Bhangra. The fusion genre is Bhangra.
The alternative name of Aurakles is Aurakles.
Attica is part of Indiana, which is part of Indiana.
10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres. It has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York.
The city ofAntwerp International Airport is located in Belgium, wherePhilippe of Belgium is the leader.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey.
The leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Arròs negre is from Catalonia, Spain. Squid is an ingredient in Ireland.
Live Nation Entertainment is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
The Republic of Ireland is the language spoken in English.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, United States where Joe Biden is the leader. Apollo 11's backup pilot was William Anders.
John van den Brom plays for Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap.
Alan Shepard was a member of the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) and died in California.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire on November 18, 1923 and retired on August 31st, 1974. He was a member of the WWC, M.A. in 1957.
San Sebastián de los Reyes is from Spain.
Bakso is from Indonesia, which is led by Jusuf Kalla and its capital is Jakarta. Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Sulaiman AbdulRahman Taib.
The epoch date of 11264 Claudiomaccone was 26th November 2005 and has an periapsis of 296521000.0 kilometres.
Bacon sandwich is available in the United Kingdom, where BLT is an alternative name. Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The runway name is 4/22 and the runway name is 4/22.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League and is managed by Valery Petrakov.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born on September 2, 1995 inTampere, Finland.
AkeemPriestley was born in Jamaica, whose leader is Patrick Allen and Elizabeth II.
Appleton International Airport is located in Little Chute, Wisconsin.
Attica is part of Indiana, United States.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States.
Addis Ababa City Hall is part of Addis Ababa Stadium in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. The leader of Addis Ababa is Mulatu Teshome.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow and is managed by Rashid Rakhimov. He also plays for FC Spartak Moscow whose manager is Rashid Rakhimov.
The main ingredients of Beef kway teow is Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an OCLC number of 78771100.
General Dynamics Electric Boat is located in Groton,Connecticut and has a ship beam of 3.8 m.
Bhajji is from India, where the leader is T. S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders.
Hypermarcas was founded on 01-01-01 2001 in Brazil, where the population Density is 23.8.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was operating in the United States Air Force. General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and Lockheed AC-130 are a fighter aircraft known as Lockheed AC-130.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority whose headquarters are Jinnah International Airport.
Bacon Explosion is from the United States, where Paul Ryan is led by Paul Ryan. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States and Washington D.C.
The capital of the United Kingdom is London.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) is nicknamed Jon, Gottenzonen.
Adam Koc was born in Poland and died in thePolish-Soviet War, where Joseph Stalin was a commander.
Dublin is the Republic of Ireland.
10 Hygiea has an escape Velocity of 0.21 kilometres per second and its apoapsis is 523951582.33968 kilometres. It has an escape Velocity of 0.21 km per second and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Houston.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom.
Aaron Turner is associated with the Isis band Isis.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with the band Head South By Weaving and MellowCandle. He performs Folk music.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister.
The Ashgabat International Airport, located in Ashgabat, is located at 211 metres above sea level in Metres and has a runway name 12R/30L.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the U.C. Sampdoria club and is managed by Siniša Mihajlović.
Abradab is a musical genre of Hip hop music, which originates from Gangsta rap and Drum and bass.
AEK Athens F.C. is located in Athens, which has Giorgos Kaminis and the ground of Olympic Stadium (Athens).
The main ingredients of Asam pedas are Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Andrew White is a musician who plays Alternative rock.
The book above the Veil was preceded by Castle.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup. The leader of Manchester is the Labour Party (UK).
Adam Koc was born in Poland, where Kashubian language is spoken. Joseph Stalin was the commander of Poland.
Alan Shepard died in California.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Antioquia Department. Kidney Bean is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa, which is found in Colombian cuisine.
Alderney Airport has a 1st Runway Surface type Poaceae and a runway length of 877.0.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, produced in 1958, has a wheelbase of 2160.0 millimetres and a Straight-four engine.
Alex Day plays Synthpop, which originated from New Wave music.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade, 1972. He performs Rhythm and blues music.
1036 Ganymed has an temperature of 160.0 kelvins.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow and Valery Petrakov.
Adams County, Pennsylvania is located in Franklin County, Pennsylvania. The 11thMississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
The A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 Members.
The main ingredient of Arròs negre is Whiterice, cuttlefish or squid,cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the leader of Ireland.
Andrews County Airport is located in Andrews, Texas.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Adenan Satem.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person ofCaterpillar Inc.
Alfa Romeo 164 is the class of Executive car.
The apoapsis of (410777) 2009 FD is 259776702.47055 kilometres.
Cornell University is affiliated with Association of American Universities and is affiliated with Association of American Universities.
Andrew White was a member of B-Unique Records and performed in 2003 with Marry Banilow. His record label is Polydor Records.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and died in the Polish–Soviet War. The commander of the Russian Civil War was Joseph Stalin.
Bionico is an ingredient in Granola.
Inuktitut is the language spoken in Ireland.
The Antares rocket was launched on the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport and its maiden flight was on 21st March 2014. It was launched by Yuzhnoye Design Office.
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by Alliant Techsystems.
Atlanta is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The GMA New Media was founded on the 1st of December 2000 and has its key person Felipe Gozon.
Abel Hernández plays forHull City A.F.C. and SteveBruce.
Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name of Bolt, which was created by Ernie Colón.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is the leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico.
A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages and is print.
AWH Engineering College is located in Mumbai, India. Ganges is the largest city in India.
Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. He has a ship beam of 21.2 and is located in service.
101Helena has a mass of 3.0 kilograms.
The Star Spangled Banner is the origin of the United States, where White Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S.
The Aston Martin V8, assembled in United Kingdom, has 5.3 litres and is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
The Ampara Hospital is located in East Province, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey which is part of Essex County, New Jersey. Joe Biden is the leader of the United States.
101Helena was discovered by James CraigWatson, who died inMadison Wisconsin.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișineu,Moldova and performs Trance music. He is associated with Christian Burns and Armin van Buuren.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and died in the Polish-Soviet War. He was a commander of Leon Trotsky.
The leader of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) is Price Daniel.
Antioch is the leader of California's 11th State Assembly District.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in Chicago.
A Severed Wasp, published by the Library of CongressClassification PS3523.E55 S4 1982, has an OCLC number of 8805735.
Albany is part of Oregon, United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Swords, Dublin is the leader of the County Manager.
The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on 28 September 2013 and has 3 floors.
Barney Cakes was created by Mondelez International.
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and plays for F.C. Bari 1908. He is managed by A.C Lumezzane, whose manager is Michele Marcolini.
Arem-Arem is located in Javanese cuisine, Indonesian language. Joko Widodo is led by Joko Widodo and the country is led by Joko Widodo.
Albany is part of Georgia, United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 Members and the full name of Association Football Club Fylde.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Jwaydan Moyine.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad.
Batchoy is from the Philippines.
The long name of the United States is the United States.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense plays in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
AdamHolloway was born in Faversham Kent, England and served as a Grenadier Guards. He was a member of Grenadier Guards.
Hypermarcas has a netIncome of 108600000 and a netIncome of 1800000000.
Aaron S Daggett played for Battle of Mine Run.
Neptun Werft is built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. Andreas Voßkuhle is the leader of Germany.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Arròs negre is from Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Washington D.C. and plays Blues.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, where Ram Naik is the leader. The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG.
Karl Kesel was born in Americans and created by Walt Simonson.
Bacon Explosion is a main ingredient of Bacon and Sausage.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House were added to The National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire, United States and died in California. He was a test pilot and retired in California.
The rotation Period of 1097 Vicia is 95040.0.
Bill Oddie was born in Ireland.
The ALV X-1 originated from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Anderson is part of Adams Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland Union.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California in the United States.
Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical FC and Barrow A.F.C.
Alex Day was associated with ChameleonCircuit and Charlie McDonnell.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Sergey Naryshkin is the leader.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion, published by Eric Flint and has an ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
Aaron Turner, who plays Black metal, is associated with Greymachine and Greymachine.
Chinabank is 15100000000 and its netIncome is 15100000000.
Albennie Jones plays Jazz, which originated from Blues.
101Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days.
Bionico is a dish from Mexico, where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
The United States is the leader of the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in Ireland. The leader of the United States is Barack Obama.
Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio and is managed by A.C. Cesena.
American Motors was succeeded by Eagle and Roy D Chapin Jr.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and has a runway name 3/21. The runway name of Appleton International Airport is 3/21.
Trane is a subsidiary from Swords, Dublin and has a netIncome of 556300000.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma is the leader. White South African is an ethnic group.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan and played for A.C. Milan.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol Pol.
The parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal isGMA New Media.
Alba County is part of Alba County.
Charles Michel is the leader of Belgium, which is led by Charles Michel. The city of Antwerp International Airport is located in Antwerp and has English spoken.
Ice cream is an ingredient in Ireland.
John van den Brom plays for AZ Alkmaar.
The 2nd Runway Surface type of Poaceae is Monocotyledon.
A.S Livorno Calcio has 19238] Members.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Shabab Al Ordon Club and is managed by Amar Osim.
Chinabank is located in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands and was founded inManila.
Aaron S Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart. He fought in Battle ofGettysburg.
Akron Summit Assault is located in St Vincent-St Mary High School.
AmeriGas is a company in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania.
Acharya Institute of Technology was affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Mumbai, India. It was given theTechnicalCampusStatus by All India Council for Technical Education and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Mumbai.
1955 Dodge has 230cubic inches.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. plays for National Hockey League.
Neptun Werft was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. He is led by Joachim Gauck and its capital is Berlin.
Aaron Bertram is a member of the KidsImagine Nation band, whose genre is Ska punk. He plays for Kids Imagine Nation and Brian Robertson.
Meyer Werft is located in Papenburg.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and awarded the Purple Heart. He died in Battle ofFredericksburg.
AMC Matador, assembled in Thames, New Zealand, is a Mid-size car and has a station wagon.
Alan B Miller Hall was owned by College of William & Mary and is located in Williamsburg, Virginia.
TheAngola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province and has a runway length of 4000.0. It is 159 metres above sea level in Metres.
A.C. Cesena is located in Cesena, which has 23900 Members.
Visvesvaraya Technological University is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. G. P Prabhukumar and has its campus in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr.
AkeemPriestley plays for the JacksonvilleDolphins club.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, where Lockheed AC-130 and Lockheed AC-130 are an aircraft fighter.
107 Camilla was discovered on 1868-11-17 in England and died in Chennai. It was discovered by N. R. Pogson, whose nationality is England.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire and died in California. He was a test pilot and died in California.
Barney Cakes has 1.8g carbohydrate and a protein of 18.0 G.
Binignit is from Visayas.
FC Terek Grozny is located in Grozny.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has the sports offered tennis. The sport Governing body is the International Tennis Federation.
Andrew the Apostle is the patron of Romania.
Angola is part of Steuben County in Indiana, United States.Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. and has 70634] Members.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is the record label of Movieplay.
Angola is part of Indiana, United States where English is spoken. Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
The main ingredient of Binignit is Sago and Sago.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York, Erie County, New York.
Allen Forrest was born on 4th February 1981 and performs Hip hop music. Drum and bass is derived from Drum and bass.
Barney Cakes has 1.8g protein.
Alan Bean was a member of Apollo 12 in the United States, whose commander is David Scott.
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine and a 3 speed automatic transmission.
Diane Duane is the author of A Wizard of Mars, published in Hardcover. The ISBN number of A Wizard of Mars is 978-0-15-204770-2.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of Cape Town. The leader of South Africa is Cyril Ramaphosa.
Bakso is an ingredient in Ireland.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical CampusStatus by All India Council for Technical Education, in Mumbai. It has Arabian Sea and its Sport Governing body is International Tennis Federation.
Alba Iulia is in Romania.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with the band K2 and Bebi Dol. He performs Rhythm and blues music.
HIV is the genus Lentivirus.
Antonis Samaras was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The largest city of Texas is Houston.
Jens Härtel plays for SV Germania Berline.
Atlas II was final flight on March 16th 1998.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria-Hungary and died in Graz.
103 Hera was discovered by James CraigWatson, who died inMadison, Wisconsin.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia (Spain) where Francisco Franco was predecessor.
Adam Koc was awarded Cross of Valour (Poland).
The main ingredient of Arròs negre is Whiterice, cuttlefish or squid,cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
BillEverett was a member of Eisner Award.
Andrew Rayel, who performs Trance music, is associated with Christian Burns and Christian Burns.
Aaron Deer is associated with The Horns of Happiness.
The Dead Man's Plack was dedicated to the Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia.
Barney Cakes was created by Mondelez International, whose leader is Gérard Larcher. The French language is spoken in France and the leader is Gérard Larcher.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The language spoken in Ireland isSpanish and the demonym of Texan is Texan.
The league of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense plays for Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol is the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina. He was succeeded by Isaac Rojas and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
James Craig Watson was discovered on August 15th,1868 in the University of Michigan and died inMadison Wisconsin.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Colombian cuisine of Paisa Region. Its main ingredient is red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak and his home is Demak Jaya,Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. He also belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and died in Demak Jaya,Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak.
Meyer Werft was built by AIDA Cruises and has a top speed of 32.2, its top speed is 38.892.
Gangsta rap is the musical genre of Hip hop music.
Al-Khor Sports Club plays for theQatar Stars League.
1089 Tama has an escape Velocity of 0.068 kilometres per second.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Army.
Aaron Turner plays Black metal.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Oregon. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States and Washington D.C.
James CraigWatson was discovered 101Helena which was discovered on December 31st 2006 and died inMadison Wisconsin.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire, which was selected by NASA in 1959. He was selected by NASA in 1959.
BakedAlaska is from China, where Standard Chinese is spoken.
Nikos Voutsis is the leader of Greece.
Abel Caballero was in Office while Juan Carlos I of Spain.
Aaron Bertram is associated with SuburbanLegends and KidsImagine Nation.
Ann Arbor is part of Michigan in the United States.
Addis Ababa City Hall has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres and its current Tenants are Government of Addis Ababa.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and Hilmi Guner.
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Theresa Andersson.
AmeriGas is a Energy Industry company in the United States.
The Audi A1 was founded by August Horch and has the subsidiary of Ducati.
The top speed of Alhambra is 18.52.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is published in Ireland.
Giorgos Kaminis is the Mayor of Athens.
Aarhus Airport has a runway length of 2702.0.
Batchoy is an ingredient in Shrimp.
Bhajji is a country in India, where the leader is T. S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders.
Baked Alaska is from Paris, New York or Hong Kong and its main ingredient is Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20th of January 1930. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963. His almaMater was the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D.
Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikou, Morocco.
Aleksey Chirikov was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and has a ship beam of 21.2.
Abraham was born inKatowice, Poland.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. G. P Prabhukumar.
Buzz Aldrin was a member of Apollo 11 mission in the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 and succeeded by Edwin E Aldrin Jr.
The 1. FC Magdeburg plays in 2014.
Trane is located in La Crosse, Wisconsin.
Bhajji is a country in India, where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader.
Sadique Abubakar is the commander of Nigerian Air Force.
The ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce is Olive oil.
Beef kway teow is from Singapore, where Standard Chinese is spoken.
300 North LaSalle is located in Illinois, Illinois.
The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II and was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin.
The National Register of Historic PlacesReference number of Asilomar Conference Grounds was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 March 1987.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is the academic discipline of Mathematics.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and competed in Big 12 Conference. He is an AlmaMater of the University of Texas System, affiliated with University of Texas System.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20th January 1930. He was selected by Nasa in 1963 and retired.
The language Kashubian is spoken in Poland.
Alfred N.Phillips was born in Darien,Connecticut and is a member of theMayor of Stamford.
Ahmet Ertegun, who died in the United States, was a member of Rhythm and blues genre. The derivative of Rhythm and Blues is Disco. African Americans are an ethnic group.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is a 2nd Runway Surface type of Poaceae.
Bananaman starred Bill Oddie, who was born in Lancashire.
The Antares rocket was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and is comparable to Delta II. Minotaur V is from the United States.
Alan Martin was born on 01-01-01 1989 and played for Aldershot Town FC. He plays for Aldershot Town F.C.
Kempe Gowda II was founded by Kempe Gowda I and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and played for Operation EnduringFreedom.
Anderson is part of Union Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States.
AkeemPriestley was born in Jamaica, whose leader is Patrick Allen.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
James Pain was a architect of Adare Manor, which was completed in 1862.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion and died in Paraguay. Juan Afara is led by Juan Afara.
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana.
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where Laura Boldrini is the leader.
American Motors Matador is a Mid-size car, which is assembled in Thames, New Zealand.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States.
Juan Perón is a member of the Labour Party in Argentina.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and was published in Ireland. Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Oregon. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and represented the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party.
A Severed Wasp was written by Madeleine L'Engle.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 RSL is located in StadioPietro Barbetti and has 5300 Members.
Walter Baade was born in German Empire and died in Göttingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed, whose almaMater was the University of Göttingen.
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983.
Castle is followed by Aenir.
Richard A Teague was employed by Chrysler.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm and played for FC Spartak Moscow. He was manager of FC Spartak Moscow and managed by Rashid Rakhimov.
The main ingredient of Arem-arem is Compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings. It is also known as Lemper and its main ingredient is Compress rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Chinabank is a service of Banking and its netIncome is 15100000000.
The Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by Rover Company and its successor is Rover Company.
Walter Baade was born in German Empire and died in West Germany. He studied at the University of Göttingen, whose almaMater is the University of Göttingen.
Aaron Deer, who was born in Indiana, is a solo singer. He plays Indie rock and WeeGiant.
Arem-Arem is located in Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is from Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is the leader.
The epoch of (66063) 1998 RO1 is 2013-11-04.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It is 23.0 metres above sea level and is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia, Spain. Water is an ingredient in water.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London.
The Architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacabian, which was completed in 1927. It was completed in 1931 with the St.Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka.
Diane Duane is the author of A Wizard of Mars, which has an OCLC number 318875313.
Anders Osborne is a rock musician whose record label is Alligator Records.
The periapsis of (66391) 1999 KW4 is 29919600000.0.
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd Runway Surface type Poaceae and an elevation above the Sea level of 34.0. The runway name is 03L/21R.
Airey Neave was born inKnightsbridge, London.
Alison O'Donnell is a Jazz musician whose record label is Fruits de Mer Records. He performs Jazz and his record label is Fruits de Mer Records.
The Ara Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is 192000.0 millimetres long and has a length of 192000.0 millimetres.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas.
Albennie Jones is a solo singer, who plays Rhythm and blues. It has the origin of Blues and its derivative is Disco.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in Chicago and died in the United States. Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States, whose spouse is Casey Ribicoff.
Ayam penyet serves Temperature hot.
Airey Neave was a commander in the World War II, where Joseph Stalin was a commander.
Alan Martin plays for AccringtonStanley FC.
The Akron Summit Assault is located in Akron, Ohio, United States.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain. He worked as the Minister of Transport and was a member of the Minister of Transport.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat. It has a runway length of 3800.0 and a runway length of 3800.0.
Aaron Turner, who plays Black metal, is associated with Sumac and Sumac.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak and belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo, who was in office while Atiku Abubakar was Vice President.
The American Journal of Mathematics has the abbreviation Am J Math. and its ISSN number is 1080-6377.
The ethnic group of Japan is Brazils.
Aaron Turner is associated with the House of Low Culture musician, House of Low Culture. He performs Black metal and his musical fusion genre is Death metal.
Albany is part of Oregon, United States where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located above the SeaLevel and operates by Schiphol Group.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County in Indiana, United States.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 staff.
The average speed of (66391) 1999 KW4 is 37.16 km per second and has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres.
Aaron Turner, who was active in 1995, performs Post metal and is associated with the musical artist Lotus Eaters.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on September 2, 1995 inTampere, Finland and plays for FloridaPanthers.
Albennie Jones was born in 1914 and plays Rhythm and blues music. He is a solo singer.
The comic character Asterix is created by Rene Goscinny.
Bibbo Bibbowski is a full name of Bob Bibbowski and Marv Wolfman.
Bakso is from Indonesia, which is popular in the region of Indonesia, also popular in the neighboring Asian countries. The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo.
Airey Neave was a member of the Battle of France and died on March 30th 1979.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, where Lockheed AC-130 and Lockheed AC-130 are transportAircraft.
Akeem Dent was a member of Atlanta Falcons who play for Arthur Blank.
Agnes Kant was born in Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader.
103 Colmore Row was architected by John Madin.
Jazz is a stylistic origin of Blues.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and served as a Fighter pilot. He was a member of the NASA Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire and served as the Test pilot. He worked as a test pilot.
The area code of Abilene, Texas is 325.
Asser Levy Public Baths was in 1904.
Stuart Parker is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool and plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton.
Albany is part of the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. It has 600 students and its dean is Mario Botta.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. He worked for Nigerian Army.
AceWilder plays Hip hop music, which originated from Disco.
Julia Morgan was born in California and designed Asilomar Conference Grounds, which is located at Los Angeles Herald-Examiner.
Felipe Gozon is the key person ofGMA New Media.
Abner W Sibal was a military Branch in the United States Army.
DeSoto Custom was manufactured by DeSoto Firedome, Chrysler Newport and is succeeded by DeSoto Firedome.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia, Andalusia.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) was inaugurated on 27th July 1932 and is designed byPietro Canonica. It was inaugurated on 27th July 1932 in the city of Ankara, where Ahmet Davutoglu is led by Ahmet Davutoglu.
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 Members and K-W United FC are the champions of Premier Development League.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States and has 60 floors. Rahm Emanuel is led by Rahm Emanuel.
The Adisham Hall was completed in 1927 and is located in Sri Lanka. It has Tudor and Jacabian as architectural style.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo. His predecessor is Oladipo Diya.
Adam Koc is a member of Poland, where Kashubians are an ethnic group.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Asam pedas is from Sumatra, Malaysia where Minangkabau people are an ethnic group.
The book above the Veil was preceded by Castle.
Abner is a footballer who plays for Coritiba Foot Ball Club and managed by Luis Miguel Ramis.
Antares rocket was launched on the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria.
Buzz Aldrin was a Fighter pilot who was a fighter pilot.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. Its campus is In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Reddy and its President is B.M Reddy.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24th February 1989 and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar.
The escape Velocity of 1097 Vicia is 0.0112 km per second and has an orbital period of 135589000.0. Its apoapsis is 511592000.0 kilometres.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and Hilmi Guner.
101Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, whose almaMater is University of Michigan and died inMadison, Wisconsin.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and is managed by Viktor Skrypnyk.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Williamsburg, Virginia.
Massimo Drago, who plays for S.S.D. Potenza Calcio, is the manager of A.C Cesena.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F.C. and Al-Naft.
Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley F.C. and is managed byBarry Ferguson.
John Madin was born in Birmingham, whose leader is John Clancy. The postal code of Birmingham is B postcode area.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis.
Alvah Sabin died in Sycamore, Illinois and died in Sycamore, Illinois.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire on November 18, 1923. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and died in California. He served as a member of Apollo 14.
Auburn is part of Pierce County in Washington, United States and has a total area of 7741 square kilometres.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Texas. Texas's largest city is Houston and its capital is Austin.
Ariane 5 was launched at Guiana Space Centre and has 5.4 metres of diameter. It was launched on 11 August 2005 in Guiana Space Centre.
Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, preceded by Grantville Gazette III.
Julia Morgan was born in California and has a significant building at the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Julia Morgan, whose significant building is Hearst Castle.
Alex Tyus was born on 08/01/2088 and plays for Pallacanestro Cantù.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is the coden code of APGPAC.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was operating in the United States Air Force. The Lockheed AC-130 Hercules has a transport Aircraft of Lockheed C-130 Hercules.
Adam Koc died in New York City.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, wherePietro Grasso is the leader. Italian language is spoken.
The epoch date of (66063) 1998 RO1 is November 4, 2013 and has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres. It has an orbital period of 360.29 days and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.
Bhajji is a country in India, where the leader is T. S Thakur and The leader is Narendra Modi.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in New Mexico Territory.
The ingredient of Bionico is Sour cream.
A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and was Ordered on 22nd April 2004.
Atlantic City International Airport, operating by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, has a runway name 4/22. The runway name is 4/22.
Asser Levy Public Baths was located in 23rd Street (Manhattan).
The Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County Michigan and has a runway length of 1533.0.
Atlanta is part of Georgia (U.S. state) in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Aleksandra Kovac plays Soul music and was active in 1990.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo. His predecessor is Oladipo Diya.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. The leader of Gujarat is Anandiben Patel.
Auburn is part of Washington, United States. The capital of Washington is Olympia and the capital is Olympia.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister.
BakedAlaska is located in Hong Kong, France. The leader of the country is Gérard Larcher and French is spoken in English.
Batchoy is from the Philippines, where English is spoken and Philippine English is an ethnic group. It is also known as Ilocano people.
The AIDAluna, which has a ship beam of 32.2, has a ship beam of 32.2. Its maiden voyage was on March 22nd 2009.
Alvah Sabin was active in Ireland on 1857-03-03.
Beef kway teow is from Singapore and Indonesia, where Halimah Yacob is the leader. The country is led by Halimah Yacob.
Meyer Werft is a member of the AIDA Cruises, which has 253260.0 millimetres long and was built by Meyer Werft.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. and his coach is Zvi Sherf.
The Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers died in the Battle of Baku and was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located inAhmedabad, India. The leader of India is Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan is the leader.
Lemon is an order of Rosids.
Alfred N.Phillips was born inConnecticut, United States Army who died in Whiskey Rebellion. He is a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the 4th District.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in theSocialist Republic of Serbia and performs Pop music.
The Audi A1 is assembled by Audi Belgium and has a 1.2 litres engine. It has a 5 speed manual transmission.
Hypermarcas was founded on 01-01-01 2001 in Brazil, which has the key person of CEO. The company is a S.A. (corporation) and its product is drugs.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States and Washington D.C.
1955 Dodge, manufactured by Dodge, has a V8 engine and a wheelbase of 120.0 inches.
The key person ofGMA New Media is Felipe Gozon and GMA Network Center, Philippines.
Bionico is a dessert with Ice cream.
107 Camilla was discovered by F Vilas and has an orbital period of 2368.05 days. It has an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, which has the related Mean of Transportation.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia which is led by theMayor. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Alison O'Donnell plays Jazz and Autoharp.
American Motors has the fate of Eagle (automobile) and its fate is Eagle.
Andrew the Apostle is the patron of Romania where the Latin name is Universitas Apulensis.
Alan Martin was born on 01-01-01 1989 and played for Hamilton Academical FC. He plays for CreweAlexandra F.C. and has a height of 185.42 cm.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaydjan and the National Assembly (Azerbaijan).
Adisham Hall is a Tamil language spoken in Sri Lanka.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located in the 3rd Runway Surface type of Poaceae. The division of flowering plant is Fruiting Plant.
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan.
ACFFiorentina plays for Serie A in Italy.
Bananaman is broadcasted by BBC in London.Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead is the key person of BBC.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, United States.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. Its motto is Nurturing Excellence.
Akeem Dent was born on 27th September 1987.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais, which is located in Parc Olympique Lyonnais. The ground of the club is Parc Olympique Lyonnais and AZAL PFK.
The main ingredient of Arem-arem is Compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings. It is found in Indonesia, but more specific to Java.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader.
Aleksey Chirikov was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and is located in Finland. Finns are the demonym of Finns.
The Antwerp International Airport is owned by Flemish Government and has an elevation above the Sea level.
The Delta II was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It is comparable to the Delta II, which originated from the United States.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority in Jinnah International Airport.
Aaron Turner was born in Massachusetts and performs Sludge metal. He is a member of the band Twilight, which has its musical genre Sludge metal.
The Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by Aston Martin Virage.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd Runway Surface type Poaceae and is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand. The runway name is 03R/21L.
Walter Baade was born in Preußisch Oldendorf and studied at the University of Göttingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed, who was discovered by Halton Arp.
Deram Records is located in London.
Ayam penyet is from Java, where Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups in Java. The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, United Kingdom and died in London.
Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States.
200 Public Square is located inCleveland, United States. Frank G Jackson is the leader of Cleveland.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in the state of Karnataka. The city of Bangalore is to Its West, Arabian Sea.
Abradab was born inKatowice and played for Kaliber 44. He is a member of the band Kaliber 44.
Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of A.C. Milan.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and has a Four-stroke engine.
Andra is a musical genre of Pop music.
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer.
The Media companyGMA New Media is a media company.
The Audi A1 is a Supermini body style, which has 1.2 litres and front-wheel-drive layout. It is assembled inBrussels, Belgium.
Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in Hardcover and has an ISBN number of 1-439-92550-9.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Jwaydan Moyine.
The dish Shumai is a dish Variation of Siomay and Shiitake.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States.
10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce in Lazio.
The architect of 3Arena was HOKSVE and is located in Dublin, Dublin.
Dublin is part of Leinster.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata,Mississippi.
Bacon Explosion is from the United States, where Joe Biden is led by Joe Biden and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada.
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Taylor County, Texas, United States.
Bacon Explosion is a main ingredient in the United States, where Sausage is an ingredient.
The media type of Above the Veil is Hardcover.
Adonis Georgiadis is aDeputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping.
The builder of Alhambra is Samuda Brothers and has a length of 63800.0 millimetres. Its power type is Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes.
Apollo 8 is operated by NASA.
The league of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C in Brazil and plays for Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
The full name of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis.
A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and has a Cruise ship.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon. Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where Washington DC is the capital.
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S. Città di Palermo, in Serie A and is managed byGiuseppe Iachini.
The coach of Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. is Zoran Tabak.
Akeem Dent was formerly known as Houston Texans, who play for the Atlanta Falcons. He also debuted with the Atlanta Falcons in Atlanta.
Aaron Hunt, who plays for SV Werder Bremen, plays for SV Werder Bremen. He is a member of the SV Werder Bremen club and he plays for Goslarer SC 08.
The comic character Auron is created by Marv Wolfman.
Adam McQuaid, who was drafted by the Columbus BlueJackets, plays for Boston Bruins and is led by Don Sweeney.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia, Spain. Its main ingredient is Bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil.
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States.
Ab Klink was born in Netherlands and served as a Christian Democratic Appeal party.
Abilene, Texas has an elevation above the Sea level of 524.0 and a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Texas and died on 28 March 1966. He was a member of the University of Texas at Austin whose almaMater was U.S.
The Antares rocket was launched at Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Alpena County Regional Airport has a runway length of 1533.0.
The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla.
Bacon Explosion is from the United States, where the capital is Washington DC.Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space.
The manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is Vica, who plays for Vila Nova Futebol Clube and has 17000 Members.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion, which has 512 pages.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association. Lars LøkkeRasmussen is led by Lars Løkke Rasmussen and has 737 academic staff.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and served as a Fighter pilot. He was a member of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Sc.D. in 1963.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and is located in Lahore, Pakistan. Pakistan's leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion.
The manager of A.D. Isidro Metapán isJorge Humberto Rodríguez who plays for C.D.FAS.
Alfa Romeo 164 is related to theFiat Croma.
TheAngola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province. It is 159 metres above sea level in Metres.
The editor of theAIP Advances is A.T Charlie Johnson, whose abbreviation isAIP Adv. and its coden code is AIDBI.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, part of Bundelkhand and is 167.94 metres above sea level.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer, whose musical genre is Zamba (art form) and was associated with Ciro Pérez and Hector Numa Moraes.
Airey Neave was born inKnightsbridge, Knightsbridge. He died in World War II and began his career on 30th March 1979.
Elliot See died in St Louis, part of Kingdom of France. He was affiliated with the University of Texas System and retired in St Louis.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool isStuart Parker who plays for Drogheda United FC and played for Stockport County F.C.
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and has a ship beam of 32.2. It is 253260.0 millimetres long and has a ship beam of 32.2.
Arròs negre is an ingredient in Ireland.
The abbreviation of ACM Trans Inf Syst. is the ACCEPT and its coden code isATISET.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is made in bronze.
Peter Stöger is the manager of 1. FC Köln.
The AMC Matador is assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a Station wagon.
Aaron Hunt, who plays for SV Werder Bremen II and has the youth club of Goslarer SC 8.
The ship beam of Alhambra is 8.3m.
Airey Neave was born on March 30th 1979 in the Battle of France. He graduated from the Order of the British Empire and was awarded the Order of the British Empire.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from Ireland.
Athens International Airport is located in Spata.
The main ingredients of Batagor are Fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and has a significant building at Asilomar State Beach. Los Angeles Herald-Examiner is the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds.
Aaron Turner is associated with Sumac and Sumac band. He performs Black metal.
The GMA New Media is a media company that produces World Wide Web.
The ingredient of Arròs negre is Cuttlefish.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located inAhmedabad, India. The leader of India is T. S Thakur and the country's leader is T. S Thakur.
Auburn,Alabama is in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Akeem Ayers debuted with the Tennessee Titans who play for Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. Mike Mularkey was coached by Mike Mularkey.
The ethnic group of Romania is Roman people.
Andrew White was a member of Polydor Records and has the record label Polydor Records. He performed in 2003 with Marry Banilow.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was involved in the Operation EnduringFreedom.
Alan Bean was a backup pilot of Apollo 12 whose commander is David Scott.
Anderson is part of Indiana, United States where the capital is Indiana. The leader of Indiana is the Democratic Party (United States) whose headquarters is Washington D.C.
Aleksandr Chumakov, who died in Russia, plays for the Soviet Union national football team and is managed by Valery Petrakov.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in the United States and a spouse ofRuth Ribicoff.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Bobina, Mark Sixma,Jonathan Mendelsohn and Christian Burns Jwaydan, Alexander.
Abdul TaibMahmud is from Kota Samarahan.
The United States House of Representatives is part of California, where Tom Tait is the leader. English is spoken in Ireland.
The Abilene Regional Airport is located in Abilene, Texas and has a runway name 17R/35L. It has an IATA Location Identifier of KABI.
The main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce are Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil.
Akeem Dent was born on 27th September 1987 in Atlanta Falcons. He debuted for Atlanta Falcons.
The ingredient of Arròs negre is Cuttlefish.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on September 2, 1995 and plays for FloridaPanthers.
Buzz Aldrin was a Fighter pilot and retired.
The GMA New Media is located in Quezon City, Philippines.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a total area of 486.2 square kilometres and a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin. Little Chute is part of Little Chute, Wisconsin.
The dessert is a Variation of Cake.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association.
Arem-Arem is located in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla.
Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name of Bolt, which was created by Dan Mishkin.
Akeem Ayers, who was formerly known as St Louis Rams, has the draft Round of 39 and his draft Pick is 39.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishna Radhakrishna Radh.
Arròs negre is from Spain, where the leader is Felipe VI.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.R.L. is the full name of Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.R.L. and has 39371 Members.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, is located in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania.
Hypermarcas is located in Sao Paulo, Brazil. The leader of Brazil is the President of theSupreme Federal Court.
Budapest is located in the country of Budapest.
200 Public Square is located inCleveland and has 45 floors.
The LCCN number of Administrative Science Quarterly is 57059226.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States. The leader of Manhattan is GaleBrewer.
The main ingredient of Beef kway teow is Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is located in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania. It has the location of Contributing Property.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Ireland and has 23 floors.
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa.
Italians are an demonym in Italy.
Adam Koc was awarded Cross of Valour (Poland).
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States. Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Nikos Voutsis is the leader.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Sarawak and succeeded by Adenan Satem, whose party is Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak. He was succeeded by Adenan Satem.
Trane was founded on December 1, 1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin.
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where the capital is Rome and Laura Boldrini are leaders.
Barney Cakes are a popular dish in Ireland.
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and has 253260.0 millimetres long. It is 253260.0 millimetres long and operated by Costa Crociere.
The epoch date of (66391) 1999 KW4 was 14thJuly 2004 and has an rotation period of 9953.28.
Atlantic City International Airport is located at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and has a runway name 4/22. The ICAO LocationIdentifier is KACY.
Ariane 5 was launched at the Guiana Space Centre, Kourou, French Guiana.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and has a runway name 14L/32R.
The Secret Scripture is written in Ireland. A Long Long Way is spoken in Great Britain and was followed by The Secret Scripture.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The creator of Baymax is Duncan Rouleau, who plays Big Hero 6 and starringJamie Chung.
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities, which is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities.
The Antares rocket was launched at Vandenberg Air Force Base and is comparable to Delta II, originated from the United States. Minotaur IV is an associated with Minotaur IV.
TheAngola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo,Angola.
Bananaman was broadcasted by TV and starred Bill Oddie.
The A.F.C. Fylde is located in Bryning Lane and has 3180 Members.
Auburn,Alabama is in the United States where Washington DC is the capital.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka. It has 476beds.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington, United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.0.
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and was affiliated with Association of American Universities. The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University in Ithaca, New York.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers died in the Battle of Baku. It was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
Aenir, written by Garth Nix, has an ISBN number of 1-439-17684-0.
The architect of 3Arena is HOKSVE.
Caterpillar Inc is located in Peoria, Illinois.
The Olympic Stadium in Athens is located in Marousi.
Hook'em is a mascot in Ireland.
The Caterpillar Inc. is owned by Caterpillar Inc. and operated by Caterpillar Inc.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria. He died in Austria. Doris Bures is the leader of Austria.
Adam Koc was a member of the Order of Polonia Restituta and died in Poland. He was awarded Cross of Valour (Poland).
Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir.
Bionico is an ingredient in Granola and its ingredients are Granola.
The main ingredient of Binignit is Sweet potato and Banana. It is a dish from Visayas, Philippines.
Ariane 5 was launched on the European Space Agency and has a diameter of 5.4 metres. Its maiden flight was on March 27th 2004 and it was launched by the European Space Agency.
The main ingredient of Bionico is Chopped Fruits, Sour cream, Condensed milk, Granola, Shredded Coconut and Raisins.
Alexandria is part of Madison County in Indiana, United States. Anderson is the largest city in Indiana.
BakedAlaska is a dessert course in Ireland.
Albany is part of Oregon, where the largest city is Portland.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 Members and played in the A EPSTH 2nd Group.
A.D. Isidro Metapán is full name of the Association Deportiva.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak, whose party is Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak.
107 Camilla was discovered by F Vilas.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and has 12 cylinders.
Abilene is part of Texas, United States where the capital is Washington DC. English is spoken in Ireland.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is spoken in Great Britain and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
200 Public Square is located inCleveland, Cuyahoga County,Ohio. The governing body ofCleveland City Council is theCleveland City Council.
Akeem Dent, who plays for Houston Texans, was a member of the Houston Texans. He also debuted with Atlanta Falcons and Arthur Blank.
Asam pedas is from Malaysia, where the leader is Arifin Zakaria and one of the ethnic groups are Malaysian Indians.
The ship In Service is March 17th 2013.
Josef Klaus is a member of the University of Vienna.
AmeriGas is a company in the Energy Industry and has an operating Income of 380700000.
The length of Alhambra is 63800.0 millimetres and has a ship beam of 8.3 m.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Carroll County,Maryland is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument and Contributing Property.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He was awarded the Purple Heart and died in West Roxbury.
A-Rosa Luna was born on April 4, 2005 and has 125800.0 millimetres.
Point Fortin is located in Tobago.
The United States is located in Steuben County, Indiana. Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Delta II was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Indiana is the capital of Indiana.
20 Fenchurch Street was completed on the 31st of January 2009.
Adam Koc was awarded the Virtuti Militari Award for World War II.
The league of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C which plays for Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire on November 18, 1923. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and died in California.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, Malaysia and Singapore. Its main ingredient is Squeezed or smashed Fried chicken served with sambal.
Asuncion is part of Gran Asunción.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom and has a 5.3 litres engine.
The maximum temperature of (66063) 1998 RO1 is -71.0degree Celsius and has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad, who plays for theIraq national football team, was manager of Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C. and managed by Adnan Hamad.
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana, United States where Washington D.C. is the capital.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes.
AdamHolloway was born in Kent, Kent. He was a member of the Conservative Party (UK) and AlmaMater is Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Alvah Sabin was born in Sycamore, Illinois and died in Sycamore, Illinois. The leader of the United States is Henry Clay.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base is located above the Sea level and has an elevation of 84.0.
Neptun Werft is built in Rostock, Germany. Germans are the leader of Germany where A-Rosa Luna is built by Neptun Werft.
Andrew Rayel was associated with Christian Burns and Christian Burns. His genre is Trance music.
Aaron Bertram, who plays Ska punk, is associated with Kids Imagine Nation and has the band Kids Imagine Nation. Punk rock is an origin of Punk rock.
Christian Panucci is the manager of A.S Livorno Calcio and plays for Italy national football team.
The architect John Madin was born in Birmingham, which is governed by the Birmingham City Council and led by AndrewMitchell.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has a runway length of 3048.0 and a runway length of 3048.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport has a runway name 14R/32L.
Austin, Texas is a city manager in the United States.
Cornell University is affiliated with Association of Public and Land-grant Universities.
Andra is a pop musician who plays Pop music.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. Anderson is the largest city in Indiana.
Alberto Teisaire died inBuenos Aires, where Diego Santilli is the leader.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is spoken in Great Britain, United States.Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States and English is spoken in Great Britain.
The asteroid (410777) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch and has an orbital period of 39447000.0. Its periapsis is 88234300000.0, and its periapsis is 88234300000.0,.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
The ALV X-1 originated from the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group.
Ardmore Airport is located inAuckland.
Austrian German is the language spoken in Ireland.
The National Register of Historic Places was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 March 1987.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, United States and was architected by Robert A M Stern.
Stephen Dilts is the Chief of South Jersey TransportAuthority.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in the United States.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and served as a test pilot. He was a test pilot whose mission is Apollo 12.
Abilene is part of Texas, United States and has the largest city in Houston. The Spanish language is spoken in Ireland.
The main ingredient of Arròs negre is Whiterice, cuttlefish or squid,cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers and its main ingredient is Cephalopod ink.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages and ISBN number 00-439-92550-9.
Ayam penyet is from Java, Singapore. Baduy is one of the ethnic groups in Java.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Dr G P Prabhukumar is the Director of Acharya Institute of Technology, which is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Abilene is part of Texas, United States where Washington D.C. is the capital.
Bionico is a dish from Mexico, whereEnrique Peña Nieto is the leader. Sandesh is confectionery.
Hypermarcas is located in Sao Paulo.
The New Mexico House of Representatives is led by Don Tripp.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay, whose leader is Tabaré Vázquez.
Diane Duane is the author of A Wizard of Mars. The OCLC number of A Wizard of Mars is 318875313.
Hypermarcas was founded on 01-01-01 2001 and is located in Sao Paulo. The subsidiary of Hypermarcas is Mantecorp.
Ajoblanco is a main ingredient in Ireland.Bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil.
TheAngola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, part of Luanda Province and is 159 metres above sea level in Metres.
Akeem Ayers was formerly known as the St. Louis Rams who debuted with theTennessee Titans.
Georgia is located in the United States.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, Texas.
The creator of Baymax is Steven T. Seagle and the film Big Hero 6 starring Scott Adsit.
Airey Neave was a service leader in Ireland.
Anders Osborne is a member of Shanachie Records.
The ingredient of Batchoy is Vegetable.
Angola is part of Steuben County in Indiana, United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
The AMC Matador is assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a Station wagon.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, the capital of Rome.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which has Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and Boeing C-17 Globemaster III. The US Air Force was a crew member of the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
Ajoblanco is from Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader. The language spoken in Ireland is English and its demonym is Spaniards.
Pietro Canonica is a designer in Ireland.
William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 in the Kingdom of Hong Kong. He was a member of Apollo 8.
The Star-Spangled Banner originated from the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group. The ALV X-1 originates from the United States and its capital is Washington D.C.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Arese, is related to the Lancia Thema.
Aaron Turner is associated with Greymachine and Greymachine. He performsDrone music.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra and MalayPeninsula, Malaysia. The main ingredients are Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
The 1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by Ring of Fire II and followed by Ring of Fire II.
American Journal of Mathematics was first publication in 1878 and has an issn number 1080-6377.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka.
Stuart Parker plays for Bury FC.
The Adisham Hall was completed in 1927 and is located in Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka. Tudor Revival architecture is architectural style from the Tudor Revival architecture.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, KY, raised in Dothan, AL. He is a solo singer.
The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio.
Richard A Teague was a member of the General Motors company.
Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial is located in Azerbaijan.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Madrid. The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 4349.0 and has an elevation above the SeaLevel of 610.0.
The active Year ofAIDAluna was 22 March 2009.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States. The leader of the United States is Barack Obama.
Andrews County Airport is 973.0 metres above sea level.
Elliot See was born on 23rd March 1927 in Dallas, Texas. He was a test pilot and died on 28th March 1966.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Jones County, Texas and has a runway length of 2194.0.
The Athens International Airport is located in Athens, which has a runway length of 3800.0.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. Switzerland's leader is Federal Chancellor of Switzerland.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born inConnecticut, United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare. He died in New York City.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is designed by Red granite and white marble. It was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers died in the Battle of Baku.
Lee County,Alabama is the state of Alabama.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and has a ship beam of 21.2.
Andrews County Airport is located 11/29.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, the leader of London.
Alan Shepard was born on 21st July 1998 and died in California. Dianne Feinstein was the senator.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and led by Daniel Webster.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which has a Lockheed AC-130 and a General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
The leader of Brazil is Carlos Lúcia.
Anders Osborne is a member of Rabadash Records and plays Rhythm and blues.
The 2nd Runway Surface type of Poaceae is Poaceae, a division of flowering plant and the order Commelinids.
Honda J engine is the manufacturers of the Acura TLX, which is manufactured by Honda.
Chili pepper is an ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce in Italy.
Baked Alaska is from New York, France. It has Meringue and Meringue.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia, United States.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool isStuart Parker, who plays for Sparta Rotterdam.
Ayam penyet is from Java, where Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups in Java. Halimah Yacob is led by Halimah Yacob.
Aleksandre Guruli, who plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and played for FC Karpaty Lviv. He is a member of the club Olympique Lyonnais which has its ground in Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
The Audi A1 is assembled by Audi Belgium and has a 1.2 litres engine.
William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 and retired on September 1st 1969. He worked as a Fighter pilot in Apollo 8.
The architect of 3Arena is Populous, who was designed by Populous.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovac.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, United States. It is part of Clayton, Winnebago County, Wisconsin.
Bananaman starred Bill Oddie.
AceWilder was born on 23rd July 1982.
The epoch date of (66063) 1998 RO1, formerly known as 1999 SN5, has an orbital period of 360.29 days and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.
Arem-arem is a dish from Indonesia and its ingredient is banana leaf.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Drogheda United FC and Runcorn F.C. Halton.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay national football team.
Vica is the manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense.
The LCCN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 32024459]
Gabriele Michetti is the leader of Argentina.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to The National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988.
The population Density of Alexandria, Indiana is 755.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Agra Airport is located in Agra.
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and play in the 2014 season.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 students. It has 737 students.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population Density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 74.33 square kilometres.
Contra Costa County is part of San Francisco Bay Area, California. The language spoken in Ireland is Spanish.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. whose ground is Stadio Olimpico.
The impact Factor of American Journal of Mathematics is 1.37.
Buzz Aldrin was a member of Apollo 11 and is operated by NASA.
110 Lydia has a rotation period of 39332.9 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
1099 Figneria has an orbital period of 179942000.0 and its periapsis is 349206000000.0.
Bacon Explosion is from the United States, where John Roberts is the leader.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers died in the Battle of Baku and its native name is Turk Sehitleri Anıtı.
The epoch date of (66391) 1999 KW4, has an orbital period of 16244700.0 and an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres. It has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres and an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres.
The Premier Development League is played by K-W United FC.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Zawra'a SC and Al-Zawra'a SC.
Antares (rocket) was final flight on the 28th of October 2014.
Aaron Turner plays Avant-garde metal.
Trenton, New Jersey is the capital of New Jersey.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinou,Moldova.
The leader of Flemish Region is the Flemish Government.
Bananaman starred Graeme Garden.
Bacon Explosion is from the United States, where John Roberts is the leader. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion on May 5, 1913.
Bhajji is a country in India, where the leader is T. S Thakur.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and succeeded by Makis Voridis. He was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical CampusStatus by All India Council for Technical Education.
William Anders was born on September 01 1969 and served as a backup pilot for Buzz Aldrin.
Allen Forrest plays Pop music.
Baduy is an ethnic group in Ireland.
Aleksandra Kovač plays Soul music.
Bacon Explosion is from the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of Washington DC is Washington D.C.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina.
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S. Citta di Palermo club.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma and Mark Sixma.
Austin is part of Texas in the United States.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. The country's leader is Barack Obama and English is spoken in Ireland.
1099 Figneria has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres and an average speed of 16.37 km per second.
The nickname of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is AsaGigante. It plays in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Appleton International Airport is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
Abdul TaibMahmud was a member of the University ofAdelaide.
The leader of Germany isStanislaw Tillich.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is 737 academic staff.
Tarrant County, Texas is in the United States.
Abner is a footballer who plays for C.D.FAS.
The coden code of Administrative Science Quarterly is ASCQAG.
The AIDAstella was born on March 16th 2013 and has 253260.0 millimetres.
The main ingredient of Amatriciana sauce is Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil and its main ingredient is Guanciale.
John Buscema was awarded Eagle Award (comics).
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km per second.
Alan B Miller Hall is owned by College of William and Mary, whose chancellor is Robert Gates.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire and has a ribbon Award of American Distinguished Service Medal. He died on 21th July 1998, with the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Alan Martin plays for CreweAlexandra FC.
Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Danimarca.
The area total of La Crosse, Wisconsin is 58.38.
Baymax was created by Steven T. Seagle and the first Appearance in film Big Hero 6.
Avocado is a genus of Persea.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Austin, Texas, United States. It has a runway length of 1121.0 and a runway length of 1121.0.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 Members.
The OCLC number of Addiction is 27367194.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire on November 18, 1923 and died in California. He graduated from the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
The capital of Argentina isBuenos Aires, where Mauricio Macri is the leader.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
A Severed Wasp is a spoken in Great Britain, where Barack Obama is the leader. The language spoken in Great Britain is spoken in Great Britain and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 Members.
3Arena is located in East Link Bridge.
John Cowper Powys was notable Worker in Ireland.
The native name of Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial isTürk Sehitleri Anıtı. It has red granite and white marble.
Anderson is part of Adams Township,Madison County in Indiana, United States.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where White South Africans are an ethnic group. The capital of Cape Town is Cape Town.
Antonis Samaras was born in Athens and was Prime Minister of Konstantinos Mitsotakis. He was Deputy of Evangelos Venizelos and succeeded by Makis Voridis.
Al Anderson plays Rock music, which originated from Country music.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where BlackCanadians are an ethnic group.
110 Lydia is a epoch date of December 31st 2006.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created byJerry Ordway and Americans.
A.S. Roma is located in Rome, Italy and plays for Serie A.
Akeem Adams, who plays for the United Petrotrin F.C. which is located in Palo Seco and has a ground of Palo Seco. He was a member of the United Petrotrin FC.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Texas and died on 28 March 1966. He attended the University of Texas at Austin.
The Antares rocket, manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and has a diameter of 3.9 metres.
Albert B White was succeeded by William M. O Dawson and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
Auburn is part of Alabama.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Alfa Romeo 164.
Anders Osborne is associated with the Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars and Tab Benoit. He performs Rhythm and blues music, whose musical genre is Rhythm and blues.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer and plays Pop music.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, the capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Bhajji is a main ingredient of Gram flour, vegetables and its main ingredient is Gram flour.
American Motors was succeeded by Eagle, Chrysler. The key person of American Motors is Roy D Chapin Jr.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion,Paraguay. He performs Guarania music and is a solo singer.
The ALCO RS-3 is a Four-stroke engine.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Indonesia, Malaysian Chinese and its main ingredient is Squeezed orsmashed fried chicken served with sambal.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Spain. He worked as a Minister of Transport and was a member of theSpanishSocialist Workers' Party.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, Java. Its main ingredient is Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th September 1987. He was formerly known as Houston Texans.
Albany, Georgia is the leader of Albany.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy. Garlic is an ingredient in the Italian region of Rome.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
The AMC Matador is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria and has a full-size car. Its alternative name isVAM Classic.
Asam pedas is from Malaysia.
Arròs negre is an ingredient in Ireland.
Akron is part ofSummit County, Ohio in the United States. Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers died in the Battle of Baku. He was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis plays in 2014 and is a member of the season 2014.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes and operated by ENAIRE.
Bananaman was created by John Geering and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor. It was broadcasted by BBC on the 15th of April 1983.
The leader of Dublin is Dáil Éireann, where Live Nation Entertainment is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
AIDA Cruises is owned by Meyer Werft and operated by Costa Crociere. The parent company of Costa Crociere is the Carnival Corporation &plc.
Alan B Miller Hall was located in Virginia, United States and has current Tenants.
(19255) 1994 VK8 has an orbital period of 8788850000.0 and its periapsis is 6155910000000.0.
Akeem Ayers is a Linebacker.
The population Density of Attica, Indiana is 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC in Al Khor and is managed by Amar Osim.
Bakso is an ingredient of Celery, which is from Apiaceae.
Dale Tallon is the general manager of FloridaPanthers.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England. He died in London.
Aaron Turner, who was active in 1995, is associated with Old Man Gloom and Old Man Gloom.
The Aston Martin V8 was assembled in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is led by Elizabeth II.
Hypermarcas is located in Brazil and has drugs.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, has a Saab 9000 engine and is related to the Lancia Thema.
Bionico is a dish from Mexico, where the leader isEnrique Peña Nieto and has Honey.
The ACMTransactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to AC Trans Inf Syst., has an ISSN number of 1558-2868.
Agnes Kant was born in Netherlands, whose leader is Mark Rutte and his office is House of Representatives. He worked for House of Representatives (Netherlands) and the leader is Mark Rutte.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kuching, Malaysia and succeeded by Adenan Satem. He was part of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he was succeeded by Adenan Satem.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Austin, Texas.
250 Delaware Avenue is located inBuffalo, New York and has 12 floors. It has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
A Long Long Way is written in Ireland and has the ISBN number 00-670-03380-4.
BakedAlaska is a dessert with cookie.
Anders Osborne is associated with Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars and Tab Benoit.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the leader isSergio Mattarella.
Elliot See was born on 23rd March 1927 in Dallas. He died on the 28th of February 1966.
The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding are Ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Meyer Werft is located in Germany.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and has the capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. The country's capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Andra is a member of the band CRBL and performs Rhythm and blues music.
A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
Andrews County, Texas is located in Andrews County, Texas.
Akron is part ofSummit County in Ohio, United States. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S.
1099 Figneria has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. The periapsis of 349206000000.0, is 349206000000.0,
109Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Batumi.
The beam of Alhambra was 8.3m and has a beam of 8.3 m.
Athens International Airport is located in Athens, Greece. The leader of the country isAlexis Tsipras.
Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland, the leader of Finland is Sauli Niinistö.
BakedAlaska is a dessert made from Christmas pudding.
Felipe Gozon is the key person of GMA New Media.
Bill Marriott is the key person of Marriott International.
The GMA New Media is manufactured by Mobile applications and has mobile applications.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in Ireland. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Hypermarcas was founded on 01-01-01 2001 and has an netIncome of 108600000.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom and has 5.3 litres.
American submarine NR-1 was launched on 25th January 1969 and has a top speed of 8.334 km.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia.
Aaron Turner was associated with Old Man Gloom and Old Man Gloom. He performs Electroacoustic music.
Anderson, Indiana has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres and an area code of 765. The population Density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre is 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan Airlines and has a runway length of 2989.0.
Bionico is a dish from Guadalajara, Mexico. Silvano Aureoles Conejo is led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Live Nation Entertainment is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland.
1955 Dodge is the alternative name of Dodge Coronet.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst in Imst. He died in Graz.
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas in the United States.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 34.0 metres above sea level and has a runway name 07/25.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria-Hungary and died in Styria.
Anaheim, California is part of Greater Los Angeles Area and is led by the California State Assembly.
Alan B Miller Hall was located in 101 Ukrop Way and has the address of 101 Ukrop Way.
The AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock.
Akeem Ayers was formerly known as theTennessee Titans and his draft Pick was 39.
The AMC Matador, assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria, was assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria.
Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by Aston Martin Virage.
Anders Osborne is a record label for Alligator Records.
FC Tom Tomsk plays for the Russian Football National League.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes and has a runway length of 3500.0.
Ariane 5 was launched at the Guiana Space Centre, French Guiana.
The Acura TLX is a Honda K engine.
Buzz Aldrin is a member of the United States.
Alan Frew plays Rock music, which originated from Folk music.
Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. He is led by Sauli Niinistö and its leader is Sauli Niinistö.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. It has Oyster sauce and Oyster sauce.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He was awarded Purple Heart for the American Civil War.
Abel Caballero was born in Spain and served as Prime Minister Felipe González. He was in office while Francisco Franco was Prime Minister.
103 Hera has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, where the United States invasion ofPanama.
The ingredient of Bionico is Raisin.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Argentina, whose leader isGabriela Michetti and died inBuenos Aires. The country's governing body is the Buenos Aires City Legislature.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, Japan.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and worked at Radboud University Nijmegen. He is a member of House of Representatives in Netherlands.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635: The Cannon Law.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California. He published 1634: The Bavarian Crisis and preceded by 1634: TheBaltic War.
Anaheim, California is the leader of the United States House of Representatives. The American House of Representatives is part of the United States Congress and English is spoken in Ireland.
The Black metal genre is Black metal.
AZAL PFK is located in the Baku Premier League and plays for Qarabağ FK whose champions are Qarabağ FK.
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Newmarket, Canada and is a solo singer.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark and operated by Marriott International. The architect of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is 3XN.
Gus Poyet's club is RealZaragoza and plays for the Superleague Greece, where Olympiacos FC are the champions. The manager of AEK Athens F.C. is Gus Poyet whose club is RealZaragoza.
The AEK Athens F.C. is located in Athens and has 69618 Members.
Funk is a fusion genre of Afrobeat.
TheAngola International Airport is located in Luanda.
The demonym of Mexico is Mexicans.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary and died in Austria. Doris Bures is the leader of Austria.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. Its dean is Mario Botta and its dean is Mario Botta.
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois.
Arlington, Texas is 184.0 metres above sea level.
AbdulRahman Ya'kub was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President.
Chinabank was founded on August 16th 1920 and has 5594 employees. The netIncome of 15100000000 is 15100000000.
The ISSN number ofAIP Advances is 2158.
The Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou, French Guiana.
The largest city of Washtenaw County, Michigan is AnnArbor.
Alan B Miller Hall is currently a member of the Mason School of Business in Virginia, United States.
The Acura TLX has a 3.5 litres engine.
Bandeja paisa is from the Antioquia Department in Colombia.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo,Angola. It has a runway length of 4000.0.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born inIraq.
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township,Madison County in Indiana, United States.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and has 512 pages. Its ISBN number is 1-4165-2060-0.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata,Mississippi. He is a solo singer.
Alan Shepard was born on August 1st 1974 and retired on August 1, 1974.
Andrews County Airport is located in Ireland.
Elliot See was a test pilot.
Jacob Bundsgaard is the leader of Aarhus.
Abner W Sibal was a military Branch in Ireland.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Dr G P Prabhukumar is the President of India.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He died in St Louis and died in St Louis.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna, Nigeria. He worked as the Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria).
Abner W Sibal was a member of World War II.
Alan Frew plays Rock music, which originated from Blues and Bhangra.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka.
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors.
Bakewell pudding is a dish Variation of Bakewell tart, part of Derbyshire Dales. Shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in Ireland.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Argentina and died inBuenos Aires, where Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader. The language spoken in English isSpanish.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was manufactured by Gruppo Bertone.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of Peñarol.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers died in the Battle of Baku.
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and served as the Member of the Congress of Deputies.
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989 and debuted for the New England Patriots. He also plays for the New England Patriots.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat, Ireland and has a runway length of 3800.0.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas which has the largest city in FortWorth. Austin is the capital of Texas and Houston is the largest city in Texas.
Alison O'Donnell was active in 1963.
Bhajji is similar to Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour.
Alan B Miller Hall is current Tenants of Mason School of Business.
The apoapsis of (410777) 2009 FD is 259776702.47055 kilometres and has a minimum temperature of 211.0 kelvins.
Asam pedas is from Malaysia, where the capital is Kuala Lumpur. Malaysian Indians are one of the ethnic groups in Malaysia.
Alex Day's genre is Synthpop, which originated from House music and originates from House music.
Albert B White was born on 1856-09-22 in Parkersburg, West Virginia and died on 3rd June 1941.
Alex Day was born in London Borough of Havering and performs Electronic music. He is associated with Charlie McDonnell and Chameleon Circuit.
The RCA Records is distributed by LegacyRecordings.
Albany is part of Georgia in the U.S. state, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago.
Joe Biden is the leader of the United States.
Anaheim, California is located in the area code 657.
Alan Bean was a member of Apollo 12 which is operated by NASA and David Scott.
Bhajji is a country in India, where Sumitra Mahajan is led by Vajubhai Vala.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row.
The full name of AZ Alkmaar Zaanstreek is Alkmaar Zaanstreek.
1099 Figneria has an escape Velocity of 0.0155 kilometres per second.
The Akron Summit Assault is located in St Vincent-St Mary High School and plays for the Premier Development League, where K-W United FC are the champions.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana.
Bacon sandwich is available in the United Kingdom and it has an alternative name of BLT, bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon saranie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin.
Aaron Bertram is associated with KidsImagine Nation and Kids Imagine Nation. The genre of Suburban Legends is Pop music.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California which has 75.324 square kilometres and its area total is 75.324 square kilometres.
Andra is a solo singer who plays Pop music.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km per second and an apoapsis of 611961000.0 kilometres.
Abraham A Ribicoff was succeeded by Anthony J. Celebrezze.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where the leader is Klaus Iohannis. Germans are one of the ethnic groups in Romania whose capital is Bucharest and its patron Saint Andrew the Apostle is Andrew the Apostle.
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales.
Athens International Airport is located in Spata.
The Black Pirate was created by Sheldon Moldoff and Jon Valor.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in 1923 in Washington D.C. and performs Rhythm and blues music. He is a non performing personnel.
Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party (United States) whose leader is Daniel Webster.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert fromDerbyshire Dales region. Ground almond, jam, butter and eggs are main ingredients of Bakewell pudding.
107 Camilla, discovered by E Wells, has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with European University. It has 737 students and its academic staff size is 737.
A Loyal Character Dancer is from the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
American Journal of Mathematics has the abbreviation Am J Math. and its ISSN number is 1080-6377.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of Cape Town. The leader of South Africa is Cyril Ramaphosa and Asian South Africans are an ethnic group.
Columbus Blue Jackets is in Columbus,Ohio.
The German language is spoken in Belgium.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma in Serie A.
Alfred N.Phillips was a military Branch in the United States Army, whose Battle is American Civil War.
Airey Neave was awarded the Territorial Decoration Award.
Alison O'Donnell is a Jazz musician whose record label is Dynamic CaravanRecordings. Funk is derivative of Funk.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. plays for FloridaPanthers.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and was succeeded by Price Daniel. He was succeeded by Price Daniel.
The AFC Ajax is a member of the 2014-15 Topklasse season and has 5000 Members.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC and Thomas Doll.
Agnes Kant is a member of House of Representatives in Netherlands.
Agra Airport is located in India, where T. S Thakur is the leader.
Agustín Barboza is a member of Philips Records.
The Antwerp International Airport is owned by Flemish Government and has a runway length of 600.0.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. Elizabeth II is led by Elizabeth II.
Akeem Adams plays for the United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is Palo Seco and played for theTrinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team.
Arem-Arem is located in Indonesia, but more specific to Java.
Nikos Voutsis is the leader of Greece.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington, United States. The largest city in Washington is Seattle.
The AIDAluna is a power type ofCaterpillar Inc, located in Peoria, Illinois.
(19255) 1994 VK8 has an orbital period of 8788850000.0 and an orbital period of 8788850000.0. Its periapsis is 6155910000000.0, and its epoch date is 31 December 2006.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire on 18th November 1923 and died in California. He graduated from WWC, M.A. in 1957.
The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla.
Aaron Bertram was active in Ireland.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire on November 18, 1923 and died in California. He was selected by NASA in 1959.
The inauguration date of Akita Museum of Art was on 28 September 2013.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, Malaysia. Its main ingredient is Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
John van den Brom, who plays for AFC Ajax and is managed by Robert Ehoorn. The manager of AZ Alkmaar is Robert Enhoorn.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Kingdom of Sarawak, was succeeded by Adenan Satem. He retired from Demak Jaya,Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak and his almaMater is University ofAdelaide.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma and Christian Burns.
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the Community of Madrid.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is located in Brazil.
Amdavad ni Gufa was architected by B V Doshi.
109Felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000.0.
Trane was founded on January 1, 1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin and has a HVAC product. The company is located in La Crosse, Wisconsin.
The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan, whose leader isArtur Rasizade. The Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers died in the Battle of Baku.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, where Ram Naik is the leader.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Paul Ryan is the leader.
Alfred Moore Scales was a commander in the American Civil War whose commander is Abraham Lincoln.
AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania and has an area total of 9833516.63 square kilometres.
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician who plays Electric guitar and performs Death metal.
107 Camilla was discovered on March 1st 2001 and died in Chennai.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire and died in California. He was a test pilot and died in California.
Elliot See was born on March 28th 1966 in St Louis. He worked as a test pilot and died at St Louis on the 28th of February 1966.
A Severed Wasp, published in the Library of Congress Classification PS3523.E55 S4 1982, has an ISBN number 0374-26131-8.
Aaron Turner plays Black metal music with Mamiffer and Mamiffer.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is part of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Gus Poyet plays for AEK Athens FC.
William Anders was born on September 01 1969 and served as a backup pilot of Buzz Aldrin. He was a member of Apollo 8 whose backup pilot is Buzz Aldrin.
Birmingham is the postal code of B Postcode area.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Vladimir Putin is the leader.
Abradab is associated with the musical artist Magik.
Alex Day plays Synthpop, which originated from Disco.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located in Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3500.0.
Frank De Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax.
The film Big Hero 6 starred Damon Wayans Jr.
Bakewell tart is an ingredient of Frangipane.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, whereSergio Mattarella is the leader.
Bananaman was first aired on October 3, 1983.
The British people are the demonym of the United Kingdom.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, where the leader isSergio Mattarella. Italians are one of the language spoken in Italy.
Ampara Hospital is located in East Province, Sri Lanka and has 476beds. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and AustinFernando is the leader.
1099 Figneria has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba on 1989.
103 Hera has a periapsis of 371240000.0 kilometres and an epoch date of 27th August 2011.
Bakso is an ingredient in Ireland.
Rolando Maran was born in Italy and plays for the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle.
The ALCO RS-3 was constructed by American Locomotive Company and has a V12 engine. It is 17068.8 millimetres long and has a V12 engine.
The comicCharacter, created by Paris Cullins, is alternative name ofLarry Bolatinsky.
Batchoy is from the Philippines, where ChineseFilipinos are an ethnic group. Zamboangans are one of the ethnic groups in the Philippines.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishna Radhakrishna Radh.
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of AFC Ajax.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province,Iraq. It has a elevation above the SeaLevelInFeet of 618 metres above sea level.
The owner of AFC Ajax N.V. is AFC Ajax N.V. and has 53502] Members.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of Caterpillar Inc, which was founded in Illinois.
Carl A Wirtanen was discovered in Ireland.
Akron,Ohio is part of the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Mario Botta is the dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, Switzerland.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the U.C. Sampdoria club and is a member of the A.C. Milan whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović.
American Journal of Mathematics has the abbreviation Am J Math. and its ISSN number is 1080-6377.
Bhajji is a main ingredient of Gram flour, vegetables and has the alternative name Bhaji, Bajji.
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and worked as Socialist Party in Netherlands. He is a member of Radboud University Nijmegen.
The Audi A1 is a subsidiary of Ducati.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Finland.
Adam Koc was awarded the Officer's Star Parasol.
AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania and has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the band Jwaydan Moyine and John Digweed. Trance music has its stylistic origins in Pop music.
Bacon sandwich is a dish Variation of BLT and has an ingredient in Condiment.
Alvah Sabin was born on 23rd October,1793 in Georgia, Vermont. He worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont.
Airey Neave was born inKnightsbridge, Knightsbridge. He died on March 30th 1979 and fought in the Battle of France.
Albert Uderzo is a creator of Asterix (comicsCharacter) which was created by Albert Uderzo.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington, D.C. and serves the capital of Washington, D.C.
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by the Alliant Techsystems and has AGM-88HARM.
The architect of 3Arena is HOK SV.
The language of Greece is the Greek language.
Alan Martin was born on 01-01-01 1989 and plays for CreweAlexandra F.C.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is written in Great Britain and English is spoken in Great Britain. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Spain.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States, where Barack Obama is led by Barack Obama.
The Acura TLX has a 9-speedZF 9HP automatic (V6) transmission.
Doug Moench is a creator of Ballistic, which has Kelvin Mao.
Arròs negre is from Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader. Its demonym is Spaniards and its leader is XimoPuig.
Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Plastik Mak and Head South By Weaving.
Anders Osborne is a guitarist who plays Rock music and performs Bhangra music. He was signed to Okeh Records and his record label is Okeh Records.
The epoch date of 1001 Gaussia is 27 June 2015 and its periapsis is 419113394.55312 kilometres.
The English language is spoken in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The main ingredient of Binignit is Sweet potato and Coconut milk.
Ajoblanco is an alternative name of Ajoblanco.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor and has the ground of Al Khor.
Swords is part of Dublin (European Parlamentency).
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, where Ram Naik is the leader. Kheria Air Force Station is an native name of Agra Airport.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania whose capital is Bucharest.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Prokopis Pavlopoulos is the leader.
Hypermarcas is a S.A. company whose key person is CEO.
The maiden voyage of Alhambra was 1855-07-07.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, located in Bangalore, India, is President B.M Reddy.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is led by Barack Obama. English is spoken in Great Britain and was spoken in Great Britain.
Amarillo, Texas is located in the United States.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is spoken in Great Britain, where Joe Biden is the leader. English is spoken in Great Britain and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte. The country's capital is Euro.
Aaron Deer is from Indiana, United States.
Agnes Kant was born in Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader. He worked for the Socialist Party (Netherlands) whose leader is Mark Rutte and its leader is Mark Rutte.
Hypermarcas has 10252Employees and their revenue is 1800000000.
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in Ireland.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located in the city of Amsterdam.
Andra was born in Câmpia Turzii, whose background is Rhythm and blues.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11th July 1907 in the Monocacy National Battlefield. It is located in Frederick County,Maryland and has Historic districts in the United States.
1089 Tama, who was born in 1927 WB, has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres per second.
Airey Neave was born inKnightsbridge and played for World War II.
Chinabank was founded on August 16th 1920 inManila and has 295 locations. The netIncome of 15100000000 is 15100000000.
103 Hera was discovered by James CraigWatson, who is from Canada.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New Mexico and died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico.
Balder was created by Jack Kirby.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He was affiliated with University of Texas System and died in St Louis.
The AMC Matador was assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin and is related to the AMC Ambassador.
Bakewell pudding is a shortcrust pastry.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Indonesia, Malaysia. The main ingredient of Ayam penyet is Fried chicken and one of the main ingredients is Fried chicken.
The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006 and has an orbital period of 135589000.0. Its periapsis is 279142000000.0.
AceWilder is a member of EMI Records.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Leiden University. He worked as a Member of the House of Representatives and was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party.
The Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan and has a runway length of 1533.0.
The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is the Prime Minister of Baku, whose capital is Baku. The National Assembly is part of the city of Baku and the leader isArtur Rasizade.
Baked Alaska is from Paris, New York or Hong Kong and has the main ingredient of Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States.
A Long Long Way is written in Ireland.
Trane is located in Swords, Dublin.
The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006 and has an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres.
William Anders is the backup pilot in Ireland.
Julia Morgan was born in California and designed Asilomar Conference Grounds, which is located in Chinatown, San Francisco. He worked as a significant building at Hearst Castle.
Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm on 23rd of July 1982. He worked as a solo singer.
103 Hera has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres.
The epoch date of 1101 Clematis is 31 December 2006 and has an orbital period of 183309000.0. It has an apoapsis of 520906000.0 kilometres.
The operator of AIDAluna is AIDAluna.
The leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. Tarō Asō is the leader of Japan and Asian people are an ethnic group.
Aaron Turner was born in Boston.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was produced in 1958.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with Kornelije Kovac.
The Parc Olympique Lyonnais is located in Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Arlington is part of Texas, where English is spoken.
The Flemish Region is owned by Flemish Region and operates the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. It has an runway length of 600.0.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis plays for 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is a member of the International Tennis Federation.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and succeeded by Isaac Rojas. He was succeeded by Abraham Rojas.
Albany, Oregon has a total area of 45.97 square kilometres.
A.S. Roma plays in 2014-15 Serie A.
Caterpillar Inc is located in California.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, Spain and operated by ENAIRE.
101 Helena has an average speed of 18.44 km per second and an apoapsis of 441092000.0 kilometres.
Walter Baade was born in German Empire and studied at the University of Göttingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed as a doctoral student, Halton Arp and Alan Sandage.
The main ingredients of Bacon sandwich are Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in Chicago and worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare.
Asser Levy Public Baths, located at Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street, was added to The National Register of Historic PlacesReference number 80002709.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Lake Placid, New York and has a runway length of 1219.0.
The AMC Matador is related to the AMC Ambassador.
Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint are the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, published by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint.
Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India, where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader.
Airey Neave was born on March 30th 1953 and signed to the date of June 30th 1979.
Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic PlacesReference number 80002709 and was added to The National Register of Historic Places, Architectural style of Romanesque Revival architecture.
Agustín Barboza is a solo singer and has the record label Philips Records.
The league of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, where Vila Nova Futebol plays for Vila Nova Futebol.
Agustín Barboza, who died in Asuncion, was led by Juan Afara and died in Asunción.
The leader of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh.
The ISBN number of Aenir is 1-439-17684-0.
A Wizard of Mars is published in Hardcover and has an ISBN number of 978-1-15-204770-2.
Alfred Moore Scales was a member of the Battle of Chancellorsville.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. Its campus is In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Trane is a Subsidiary and has an area total of 58.38.
Austin, Texas has a population Density of 1296.65 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area code of 512.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez plays for A.D. Isidro Metapán.
Tarō Asō is the leader of Japan.
Anderson is part ofMadison County in Indiana, United States.
Abraham S Daggett fought in Battle of Cold Harbor, which was part of the American Civil War. The commander of the American Civil War is Robert E Lee.
Andra is a solo singer who was born in Romania and performs Rhythm and blues music.
The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006. It has an orbital period of 135589000.0 and an orbital period of 135589000.0.
The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is led by Elizabeth II. The capital of London is London.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer and has the background of Zamba (art form).
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba and plays for Anyang Halla.
1099 Figneria has an mass of 2.7 kg.
Cornell University is the nickname of Cornell Big Red.
Alex Plante has a height of 1.9304].
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R. Pogson and founded on December 31st 2006.
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where the leader isPietro Grasso. Rome is the capital of Rome andSergio Mattarella is the leader.
Aaron S Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria and was President of Austria.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which has Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and Lockheed AC-130.
Abilene, Texas is part of Jones County, Texas in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States.
Beef kway teow is from Singapore whereTony Tan is the leader.
Alfredo Zitarrosa plays Zamba (art form) and is a solo singer.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the leader of the City Administrator.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion.
