Alfredo Zitarrosa plays Milonga music.
Anderson is part of Adams Township,Madison County in Indiana, United States.
The 1955 Dodge, manufactured by Dodge, has a V8 engine and a wheelbase of 120.0 inches.
John Madin was born in Birmingham, where the postal code is B postcode area. The leader of Birmingham is John Clancy.
Ariane 5 was launched at the Guiana Space Centre, Kourou, French Guiana.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and has a significant building at Asilomar State Beach. Los Angeles Herald-Examiner is the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds.
250 Delaware Avenue is located inBuffalo, New York and has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres. The building was completed on the 31st of January 2014. It has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
The Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy. Garlic is an ingredient in the region of Rome.
The beam of Alhambra was 8.3 m and launched on 31st June 1855.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is a 2nd Runway Surface type of Poaceae.
Nikos Voutsis is the leader of Greece.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Bobina and Christian Burns. Trance music has its stylistic origins in Pop music.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in Illinois and operated by Caterpillar Inc. The company's key person is Douglas R Oberhelman.
109Felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000.0.
Anders Osborne is associated with Tab Benoit and Tab Benoit. He performs Rock music, whose genre is Rock music.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, has a Saab 9000 engine and is related to the Lancia Thema.
Aaron Deer, who was born in Indiana, is a solo singer. He plays Indie rock and WeeGiant.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kuching and succeeded by Adenan Satem, who was part of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. His successor is Adenan Satem.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which has a Lockheed AC-130 Hercules. The US Air Force was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and transportAircraft from Lockheed AC-130 Hercules.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. The LCCN number of Acta Math. Hungar.
1089 Tama is formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB and has an orbital period of 1202.846 days. Its apoapsis is 373513000.0 kilometres per second.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, where Anandiben Patel is the leader.
Lemon is an order of Rosids.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma and Mark Sixma.
Chinabank was founded on August 16th 1920 and has 295 locations. The netIncome of 15100000000 is 15100000000.
101Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, United Kingdom and died in London.
The Adisham Hall was completed in 1927 and is located in St.Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka.
The ALCO RS-3 is a Four-stroke engine.
Anders Osborne is a member of the Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars and performs Rhythm and blues music. He was associated with Tab Benoit and Tab Benoit.
103 Hera has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres.
Adam Koc was awarded the Officer's Star Parasol.
Albany, Georgia is the leader of Albany.
The United States is the leader of the United States, where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Asam pedas is from Malaysia, where the capital is Kuala Lumpur. Malaysia's ethnic groups are Malaysian Indian and Malaysian Indian.
Inuktitut is the language of Canada.
The ALCO RS-3 was constructed by American Locomotive Company in May 1950 and has 12 cylinders. Its length is 17068.8 millimetres and the V12 engine is a V12 engine.
Gruppo Bertone was founded inTurin, Italy. The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is manufactured by Gruppo Bertone.
Anderson is part of Union Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States.
A.S. Roma's ground is Rome, Italy and plays in Serie A.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States.
The epoch date of 1099 Figneria is 31 December 2006 and has an orbital period of 179942000.0. Its periapsis is 349206000000.0 and its periapsis is 349206000000.0.
Andrew Rayel, associated with Bobina, Mark Sixma,Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria, whose President is Adolf Schärf.
Albany is part of Benton County in Oregon, United States. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States whose capital is Washington D.C.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. Its motto is Nurturing Excellence.
Antonis Samaras was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis.
The National Register of Historic Places was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 March 1987.
The Media companyGMA New Media is a media company.
The champions of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense are Vila Nova Futebol Clube and the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population Density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 74.33 square kilometres.
The main ingredient of Binignit is Sweet potato and Banana.
The ethnic group of Japan is Brazils.
The Aston Martin V8 was assembled in the United Kingdom, which is led by Elizabeth II. The Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by Aston Martin Virage.
107 Camilla was discovered on 01 March 2001 and died in Chennai.
Ayam penyet serves Temperature hot.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association. Lars LøkkeRasmussen is led by Lars Løkke Rasmussen and has 737 academic staff.
The AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is led by DavidCameron.
AdamHolloway was born in Faversham Kent, England and served as a Grenadier Guards. He was a member of Grenadier Guards.
A Severed Wasp, published by the CongressClassification of PS3523.E55 S4 1982, has an OCLC number of 8805735.
Jacob Bundsgaard is the leader of Aarhus.
The language spoken in Welsh is Arabic.
Aaron Bertram is associated with SuburbanLegends and KidsImagine Nation.
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983.
The demonym of Italy is Italians.
The AFC Ajax N.V. is owned by the FC Ajax N.V. and has 53502] Members.
The Athens International Airport is located in Athens, which has a runway length of 3800.0.
Abradab is a musical genre of Hip hop music, which has Drum and bass. Gangsta rap is a derivative of Hip hop music.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire on 18th November 1923 and died in California on 21st July 1998.
Audi was founded by August Horch and has the subsidiary of Ducati.
Bacon sandwich is available in the United Kingdom and has an alternative name of BLT, bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon saranie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Spain. He is a member of theSpanishSocialist Workers' Party.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and attended the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party.
Adam Koc was awarded the virtuti Militari.
Aaron Turner is a performer of Avant-garde metal.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, Japan.
Adam Koc was awarded Cross of Valour (Poland).
The Antares rocket was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and is comparable to the Delta II, which originated from the United States. Minotaur IV was launched in Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Jwaydan Moyine.
Alberto Teisaire died inBuenos Aires, where Diego Santilli is the leader.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. Austin is the capital of Texas and its largest city is Houston.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, KY, raised in Dothan, AL. He is a solo singer.
Bandeja paisa is an ingredient of Lemon, a genus of Citrus.
The Audi A1, manufactured by Audi, is related to the SEAT Ibiza.
The apoapsis of (410777) 2009 FD is 259776702.47055 kilometres.
Agnes Kant was born in Netherlands and worked at House of Representatives in Netherlands. Mark Rutte is the leader of Netherlands, where Emile Roemer is the leader.
Stephen Dilts is the Chief of South Jersey TransportAuthority.
Abel Caballero was born in Spain and served as Prime Minister Felipe González. He was in office while Francisco Franco was Prime Minister.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. The President of the country is B.M Reddy.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Bucharest, Romania. The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis and the Prime Minister is Klaus Iohannis.
Argentina's capital isBuenos Aires, where Mauricio Macri is the leader.
The Secret Scripture was published by Faber and Faber. It is preceded byAnnie Dunne, whose ethnic group is White people.
Airey Neave was born inKnightsbridge, Knightsbridge. He attended the Battle of World War II and retired on 30th March 1979.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbays.
The main ingredient of Binignit is Sweet potato and served in the Visayas region of Visayas.
A.C. Cesena is located in Cesena and has 23900 Members.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom.
Massimo Drago, who plays for S.S.D. Potenza Calcio, is managed by A.C. Cesena.
James Pain was a architect of Adare Manor, which was completed on 1862. It was designed by James Pain and was built by J. P McManus.
Albany is part of Oregon, United States where English is spoken. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States and Washington D.C.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka. It has 476beds.
Adare Manor was completed in 1700.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and has a runway name 4/22. Its IATA LocationIdentifier is KACY.
Gangsta rap is a sub genre of Hip hop music.
Alan Bean was a member of Apollo 12 whose commander is David Scott.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata,Mississippi.
Joe Biden is the leader of the United States.
Andrew the Apostle is the patron of 1 Decembrie 1918 University, which is spoken in Welsh. The Latin name of the University isUniversitas Apulensis.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia, Spain. Its main ingredient is Bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
Anders Osborne is a member of Shanachie Records.
Alvah Sabin was born in Sycamore, Illinois and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He is a member of the Whig Party (United States) whose leader is Daniel Webster.
FC Tom Tomsk plays for the Russian Football National League.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington, United States and has the largest city in Seattle.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in 23rd Street (Manhattan).
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The German language is spoken in Belgium.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in New Mexico Territory.
Asam pedas is from Sumatra, Malaysia where Minangkabau people are an ethnic group.
The Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by Aston Martin Virage.
Andra is a solo singer.
The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006 and has an orbital period of 135589000.0. It has a mass of 9.8 kilograms and its periapsis is 279142000000.0.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County in Indiana, United States. It has 16.55 square kilometres and its area total is 16.55 square kilometres.
Georgia is the United States.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in Hardcover and has an ISBN number 1-439-92550-9.
Avocado is a genus of Persea.
101Helena has a mass of 3.0 kilograms.
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 Members and the 2014-15 Topklasse season.
Bacon Explosion is a main course from Welsh.
Aaron Turner, who plays Post metal, was active in 1995 and performs Post metal. He is associated with the musical artist Lotus Eaters.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New Mexico and died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was produced in 1958.
The runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1/19.
American Motors was succeeded by Eagle, a key person of American Motors and Roy D Chapin Jr.
The AIDAstella was born on March 16th 2013 and has 253260.0 millimetres.
Caterpillar Inc is located in California.
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan.
The Secret Scripture is published by Faber and Faber. A Long Long Way was followed by The Secret Scripture. White people are one of the ethnic groups in Ireland.
Batagor is a dish of Siomay and its main ingredient is Fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Akeem Ayers was formerly known as St Louis Rams and draft Pick of 39 in the draft Round. He plays for St Louis Rams.
Abraham A Ribicoff was succeeded by Anthony J. Celebrezze.
The Kashubian language is spoken in Poland.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of Peñarol.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages and ISBN number 00-439-92550-9.
AZAL FK plays for the Baku Premier League, where Qarabağ FK are the champions.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a Executive car.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. plays for FloridaPanthers.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Batumi.
Austin, Texas is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row.
The apoapsis of (410777) 2009 FD is 259776702.47055 kilometres and has a minimum temperature of 211.0 kelvins.
The Aston Martin V8 has a 5.3 litres engine and is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, United Kingdom.
The OCLC number of Addiction is 27367194.
The Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by Rover Company and has the successor of Rover Company.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States. The leader of the United States is Barack Obama.
The media type of Above the Veil is Hardcover.
The nickname of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is AsaGigante and plays in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Barney Cakes was created by Mondelez International, which is founded in Chicago. French is spoken in France and the leader of France is Gérard Larcher.
The A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, wherePietro Grasso is the leader. Italian language is spoken and its capital is Rome.
Birmingham is the postal code of Birmingham.
The active Year ofAIDAluna was 22 March 2009.
Bakso is an ingredient in Welsh.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Argentina, whose leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta. He died inBuenos Aires, where the governing body is the city Legislature and his leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta.
Juan Perón is a member of the Labour Party in Argentina.
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and published in Print. The ISBN number of A Severed Wasp is 374-26131-8.
Elliot See was born on 23rd March 1927 in Dallas, Texas. He was a test pilot and died on 28th March 1966.
Alfred Moore Scales played for Battle of Chancellorsville.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas, Texas. He was a test pilot and died in St Louis.
1036 Ganymed is 160.0 kelvins.
BakedAlaska is from China, where Standard Chinese is spoken.
Aaron Turner is associated with Greymachine and Greymachine. He performsDrone music.
Bionico is a dish from Mexico, whereEnrique Peña Nieto is the leader. It has Honey and honey.
Alan Frew is associated with Glass Tiger.
AIDA Cruises, owned by Meyer Werft, is operated by the Carnival Corporation & plc. The owner of Costa Crociere is Costa Crociere (located in Genoa) and was built by Meyer Werft.
AkeemPriestley was born in Jamaica, whose leader is Patrick Allen and Elizabeth II.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group.
Costa Crociere is the operator of AIDA Cruises, which is operated by Costa Crociere.
200 Public Square is located inCleveland, Cuyahoga County,Ohio. The governing body ofCleveland City Council is theCleveland City Council.
Antioch is the leader of California's 11th State Assembly District.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. It has a runway name 4/22 and a length of 3048.0.
The GMA New Media is located in Quezon City, Philippines.
A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 Members.
Austin, Texas has a total area of 686.0 square kilometres and a total area of 703.95 square kilometres.
AkeemPriestley was born in Jamaica, whose leader is Patrick Allen.
The Republic of Ireland is the language spoken in English.
Aaron Turner plays Black metal.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on September 2, 1995 and plays for FloridaPanthers.
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S. Citta di Palermo and Peñarol.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire and was a test pilot. He worked as a test pilot.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and competed in Big 12 Conference. He is affiliated with the University of Texas System and has its almaMater.
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and has a ship beam of 32.2. It is 253260.0 millimetres long and has a ship beam of 32.2.
Josef Klaus is a member of the University of Vienna.
Hypermarcas is located in Sao Paulo and has 10252Employees. It has a revenue of 1800000000.
Anders Osborne is a Rock musician whose record label is Alligator Records.
Caterpillar Inc is located in Peoria, Illinois.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Austin, Texas.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and served as a member of Radboud University Nijmegen.
Alex Tyus was born on 08-01-08 1988 and plays for Pallacanestro Cantù.
1. FC Magdeburg plays in 2014.
103 Hera was discovered by James CraigWatson.
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R. Pogson.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and spent 52.0 minutes in Space.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the leader isSergio Mattarella.
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the Community of Madrid.
Marv Wolfman was awarded Eagle Award (comics).
The ingredient of Arròs negre is Squid.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died on the 28th of February 1966. He attended University of Texas at Austin, whose almaMater was from University of Texas at Austin.
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the Arabian Sea.
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000.0.
Arròs negre is from Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader and its demonym is Spaniards.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Oladipo Diya was Vice President and succeeded by Atiku Abubakar.
Albany is part of Oregon, United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located above the SeaLevel and operates by Schiphol Group.
The GMA New Media is produced by World Wide Web.
Chinabank is a Public company in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands.
Alan Frew plays Rock music, which has its origins in Blues and the fusion genre Bhangra.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis. The party of New Democracy is Blue.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé manufactured by Gruppo Bertone.
Sara Miller McCune was founded by Sara Miller McCune. The Administrative Science Quarterly is abbreviated to the Admin. Sci. Q.
The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006 and has an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres.
A.S. Roma plays in 2014-15 Serie A.
Andrews County Airport is located in Andrews, Texas.
Larry Bolatinsky was created by Ernie Colón.
Baked Alaska is from Paris, New York or Hong Kong and its main ingredient is Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Adams County, Pennsylvania is located in Franklin County, Pennsylvania. The 11thMississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania.
Mario Botta is the dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland. It has 600 students.
Christian Panucci, who plays for Genoa C.F.C. and played for Real Madrid FC.
Andrew Caldwell is the leader of Brandon, Manitoba.
Albert Uderzo is the creator of Asterix (comicsCharacter) which was created by Albert Uderzo.
The LCCN number of Administrative Science Quarterly is 57059226.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hilario Pérez.
Alderney Airport has a 1st Runway surface type of Poaceae and a runway length of 877.0.
Albany is part of Georgia in the U.S. state, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Bacon Explosion is located in Welsh, United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen and has the youth club of Goslarer SC 08.
Ajoblanco is main ingredients of Bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil.
Batchoy is from the Philippines, where ChineseFilipinos are an ethnic group.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Antioquia Department. Kidney Bean is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa, which is used in Colombian cuisine.
Angola is part of Steuben County in Indiana, United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool isStuart Parker, who plays for Drogheda United FC and played for Stockport County F.C.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, whose musical genre is Zamba, was associated with Ciro Pérez and Hector Numa Moraes. He plays Zamba as a solo singer.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool isStuart Parker, who plays for Drogheda United FC and Runcorn F.C. Halton.
The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen.
Aaron Bertram is a member of the Kids Imagine Nation band and performs Ska punk. He plays for Kids Imagine Nation, whose stylistic origin is Punk rock.
Hypermarcas was founded on 01-01-01 2001 and is a S.A. Corporation. The key person of Hypermarcas is CEO.
The Adisham Hall was completed in 1927 and is located in Sri Lanka. Tudor Revival architecture is architectural style of Adisham Hall, which was completed in 1931.
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by Alliant Techsystems.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and succeeded by Isaac Rojas. He worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to The National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd Runway Surface type Poaceae and is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand. It has an elevation above The SeaLevel of 34.0.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. The ISSN number of Acta Math. Hungar.
AceWilder plays Hip hop music, which originated from Disco.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States.
Alan Shepard was a member of Apollo 14 in Welsh. He retired on August 1, 1974.
Bionico is a dessert course in Welsh.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a total area of 486.2 square kilometres and a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The league of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense plays for Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Bhajji is a main ingredient in Gram flour, vegetables and the alternative name is Bhaji, Bajji.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and is managed by Viktor Skrypnyk.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States. The leader of Manhattan is GaleBrewer.
William Anders was born on September 1st 1969 and served as a backup pilot for Buzz Aldrin.
Alex Day is a solo singer whose genre is Synthpop, which originated from House music. His background is Solo singer and its derivative is House music.
Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens and succeeded by Donald J. Irwin. He is a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. The country's capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Akeem Dent was born on 27th September 1987.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S.
Barney Cakes has 1.8g protein.
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where Laura Boldrini is the leader.
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Newmarket, Canada and is a solo singer.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica was published by the Springer Science+Business Media, founded by JuliusSpringer.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas.
Christian Panucci, who plays for the Italian national football team, is a manager of A.S Livorno Calcio.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
The operator of AIDAluna is AIDAluna.
250 Delaware Avenue has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres. It was completed on Jan 1, 2014.
Binignit is located in Visayas.
The AEK Athens F.C. is in Athens and has 69618 Members.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Paul Ryan is the leader. The capital of the United States is Washington DC.
Baymax is a film of Big Hero 6 in Welsh.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense plays in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kutikkattoor, India and has 250 academic staff. It is located in Kuttikkattoor with the largest city in Mumbai.
Akeem Dent, who was a member of Houston Texans, plays for the Atlanta Falcons. Bob McNair is an affiliated with Houston Texans.
1101 Clematis has an periapsis of 445895000000.0.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in theSocialist Republic of Serbia and is a solo singer.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, Spain and operated by ENAIRE.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a record label for Movieplay.
The epoch date of (66391) 1999 KW4 has an orbital period of 16244700.0 and an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres. It has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres and an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres.
Alan Martin plays for AccringtonStanley FC.
Batchoy is an ingredient in Vegetable.
Agnes Ward White, who was born in Marietta, Ohio, was succeeded by William M. O Dawson and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has the sports offered tennis.
The Dead Man's Plack was dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia.
AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania and has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres.
The comicCharacter is created by Marv Wolfman.
Austin, Texas is a city manager in the United States.
Bananaman was broadcasted by TV and starred Bill Oddie.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is spoken in Great Britain. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain.
Andra, who was born in Câmpia Turzii, is a solo singer.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and served as a Fighter pilot. He was a member of the NASA Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Amarillo, Texas is located in the United States.
Point Fortin is located in Tobago.
Andrew the Apostle is the patron saint of Romania.
Bakso is an ingredient in Welsh.
The comic character Asterix is created by Rene Goscinny.
Battle ofFredericksburg is part of the American Civil War.
Agnes Kant was born in Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar.
The Ara Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) has a length of 192000.0 millimetres.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire on 18th October 1923 and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) from the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Baked Alaska is from New York, France. It has Meringue and Meringue.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party and is led by Mark Rutte.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis.
Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade, 1972. He performs Rhythm and blues music.
TheAngola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo,Angola. It has a runway length of 4000.0.
1099 Figneria has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres.
The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is the Prime Minister of Azerbayhan, whose capital is Baku and its President isArtur Rasizade.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where the leader is Elizabeth II. The anthem is O Canada and BlackCanadians are an ethnic group.
The long name of United States is the United States.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is led by Elizabeth II.
Bacon Explosion is from the United States, where Joe Biden is led by Joe Biden and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country's capital is Washington D.C.
Hypermarcas has a netIncome of 108600000 and its netIncome is 108600000.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader.
Richard A Teague was employed by General Motors.
Trane was founded on January 1, 1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin and has a HVAC product. The company's revenue is 10264000000 and its operating Income is 875400000.
Aaron Bertram was active in 1998.
Alvah Sabin was born on 23rd October,1793 in Georgia, Vermont. He worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont.
Alan B Miller Hall was tenant ofMason School of Business and was architected by Robert A. M Stern.
Peter Stöger is the manager of 1. FC Köln.
Atlantic County, New Jersey is located in the United States.
Chinabank was founded on August 16th 1920 and has 5594 employees. The netIncome of 15100000000 is 15100000000.
A Severed Wasp has a ISBN number of 0-74-26131-8 and is published in Hardcover. The ISBN number of A Severed Wasp is 8805735.
Beef kway teow is from Singapore, where Standard Chinese is spoken.
Richard A Teague was a Chrysler employed by Chrysler.
Akeem Ayers is a Linebacker.
10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres. It has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan Airlines and has a runway name 12R/30L. The runway name is 12R/30L.
Adams County, Pennsylvania is located in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania and it is North of Cumberland County, Pennsylvania.
AdamHolloway was born in Kent, Kent. He was a member of the Conservative Party UK and his almaMater is Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Alan Martin plays for CreweAlexandra F.C.
Akron, Summit County, Ohio is part of the United States and Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km per second and an apoapsis of 611961000.0 kilometres.
The Atlas II was launched at Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36. It has a diameter of 3.04 m and the final flight on March 16th 1998.
Andrews County Airport is located in Austin, Texas.
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana.
Trane is located in Swords, Dublin.
Abradab was born inKatowice, Poland and played for Kaliber 44.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd Runway Surface type of Poaceae.
Abilene is part of Texas, which is part of Texas. Washington D.C. is the capital of Texas.
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce in Lazio.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The language spoken in Texas isSpanish and the demonym of Texan is Texan.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. It is part of Akita Prefecture and one of the ethnic groups in Japan.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak and succeeded by Adenan Satem, who was succeeded by the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He retired from Demak Jaya,Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak.
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons, who are owned by Arthur Blank. He was formerly known as Houston Texans and is also owned by Arthur Blank.
Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London.
A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages and its media type is Print.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia. Sergey Naryshkin is the leader of Russia.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has a runway length of 3048.0 and a runway length of 3048.0.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the Kids Imagine Nation band, Kids Imagine Nation. He performs Ska punk and plays for Kids Imagine Nation.
Auburn is part of Pierce County in Washington, United States and has a total area of 7741 square kilometres.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, United States. He died in New Mexico Territory.
Abner W Sibal was a military Branch in the United States Army. The American Revolutionary War was Battled by American Revolutionary War.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau, who plays Big Hero 6 and starred Damon Wayans Jr.
A.S Livorno Calcio has 19238] Members.
The nickname of theAFC Ajax (amateurs) is Joden, Godenzonen.
Indiana is the capital of Indiana.
Bhajji is located in the country of India, where T. S Thakur is led by Sumitra Mahajan and its leader is Sumitra Mahajan.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is located in Brazil.
Aaron Turner is associated with Greymachine and Greymachine. He performs Black metal music.
Appleton International Airport is located in Little Chute, Wisconsin.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas which has the largest city in Houston. English is spoken in Welsh.
Austin is part of Texas in the United States.
Bacon Explosion is from the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of Washington DC is Washington D.C.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
The American creator of Baymax is Duncan Rouleau, who was created by Maya Rudolph and has the film Big Hero 6 starring Maya Rudolph.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is the leader of Albuquerque City Council.
Anders Osborne is associated with Tab Benoit and the Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. He plays Rock music and was associated with Tab Benoit.
AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. The area total of AmeriGas is 9833516.63 square kilometres and was founded on July 4,1776.
William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 in the United Kingdom. He was a member of Apollo 8.
The AMC Matador is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria and has a full-size car. It was assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria.
The comic character Blockbuster is created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle.
Albany is part of Georgia in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania whose capital is Bucharest and its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire on November 18, 1923 and retired on August 31st, 1974. He was a member of the NRW, M.A. in 1957.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Welsh.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States.
Richard J. Berry is the leader of Albuquerque City Council, which is led by Richard J. Berry.
The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is the Prime Minister whose title is Prime Minister. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers died in the Battle of Baku.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He was awarded the Purple Heart and died in West Roxbury.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States. English is spoken in Great Britain.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on September 2, 1995 inTampere, Finland and plays for FloridaPanthers.
Airey Neave was born inKnightsbridge and played for World War II.
BakedAlaska is from Hong Kong, which is led by Gérard Larcher and the leader of Hong Kong is Gérard Larcher.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire on 18th November 1923. He graduated from the Department of Commerce Gold Medal (United States Navy) and died in California.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The epoch date of (66063) 1998 RO1 is November 4, 2013 and has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres. It has an orbital period of 360.29 days and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.
Al Anderson plays Rock music, which originated from Country music.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, is related to the Lancia Thema.
Ariane 5 was launched at Guiana Space Centre and has a diameter of 5.4 m.
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township,Madison County in Indiana, United States.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Shorta SC and is located in Al Khor.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow and is managed by Rashid Rakhimov. He also plays for FC Spartak Moscow, whose manager is Rashid Rakhimov.
Ayam penyet is from Java, where Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob and Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups in Java.
Alvah Sabin was born in Sycamore, Illinois and died in Sycamore, Illinois.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada.
The A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 Members and is located in Bryning Lane.
A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
Allan Shivers, who was succeeded by Price Daniel, was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur).
Ayam penyet is a dish from Indonesia, Malaysia. Its main ingredient is Squeezed or smashed Fried chicken served with sambal.
The book above the Veil was preceded by Castle.
Bacon Explosion is from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
TheAngola International Airport is located in Luanda.
Aaron Turner was born in Boston.
Asam pedas is from Malaysia.
Adam McQuaid was drafted by the Columbus Blue Jackets, which is located in Columbus,Ohio and managed by Don Sweeney.
Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States.
The architect of 3Arena is HOKSVE and was completed on December 2008 in Dublin.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
Michele Marcolini, who was born in Italy, plays for F.C. Bari 1908 and is managed by the manager of A.C Lumezzane.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma and Christian Burns.
Aaron Deer is from Indiana, United States.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where Barack Obama is led by Barack Obama. The language spoken in Great Britain is spoken in Great Britain.
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen.
Anaheim, California is part of Greater Los Angeles Area and is led by the California State Assembly.
Hypermarcas was founded on 01-01-01 2001 in Brazil and has the key person of CEO. The company is a S.A. (corporation).
AmeriGas is a company in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania.
Arròs negre is an ingredient in Cuttlefish.
Walter Baade was born in Preußisch Oldendorf and studied at the University of Göttingen. He graduated from Halton Arp and died in Preußisch Oldendorf.
The ACMTransactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to the AC Trans Inf Syst. and its ISSN number is 1558-2868.
The United States House of Representatives is part of California, where Tom Tait is the leader. One of the language spoken in Welsh is English and Tom Tait is led by the United States House of Representatives.
The Akron Summit Assault is located in St Vincent-St Mary High School and plays for the Premier Development League, where K-W United FC are the champions.
The Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes.
Alvah Sabin was a member of Whig Party in the United States.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. Elizabeth II is led by Elizabeth II.
The top speed of Alhambra is 18.52.
General Dynamics Electric Boat is located in Groton,Connecticut. The American submarine NR-1 has a ship beam of 3.8m and a ship beam of 3.8 m.
The New Mexico House of Representatives is led by Don Tripp.
Alvah Sabin was born in Sycamore, Illinois and died in Sycamore, Illinois. The leader of the United States is Henry Clay.
Albany, Oregon has a total area of 45.97 square kilometres.
The full name of AZ Alkmaar Zaanstreek is Alkmaar Zaanstreek.
Al Anderson is associated with the NRBQ band The Wildweeds. He was active in 1966 and performed in 1966.
Alfred N.Phillips was born inConnecticut, United States Army who battled with Whiskey Rebellion. He is a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the 4th District.
The United States, where English is spoken, has an ethnic group in the United States. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Abilene, Texas has a total area of 142 square kilometres and an area code of 325. The population Density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre is 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan and played for A.C. Milan.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas which has the largest city in FortWorth, Texas. Austin is the capital of Texas and its capital is Austin.
TheAngola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo,Angola.
Al-Khor Sports Club plays for theQatar Stars League.
The coden code of Administrative Science Quarterly is ASCQAG.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.R.L. is the full name of Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.R.L. and has 39371 Members.
Contra Costa County is part of San Francisco Bay Area, California. The language spoken in Welsh is Spanish.
Athens International Airport is located in Spata.
AmeriGas is a Energy Industry company in the United States.
Alan B Miller Hall was signed to 101 Ukrop Way in the city of Welsh.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was involved in the Invasion of Grenada.
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapán is Isidro Metapan, which has 10000 Members and its ground is EstadioJorge Calero Suárez.
Baduy is an ethnic group in Welsh.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes and operated by ENAIRE.
A Long Long Way is written in Welsh.
N. R. Pogson is a national of England.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishna Radhakrishna Radh. It was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students.
The key person of GMA New Media is Felipe Gozon. It has mobile applications and its key person is Felipe Gozon.
Aaron Turner is associated with Sumac and Sumac. He performs Black metal music.
The capital of Attica, Indiana is Washington D.C. and it is part of Fountain County, Indiana which is part of Fountain County, Indiana.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Asilomar Blvd. Pacific Grove, California has the National Register of Historic PlacesReference number 87000823.
Wolf Solent was written by John Cowper Powys.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd Runway Surface type Poaceae and is located above the Sea level of 34.0. The runway name is 03L/21R.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Indiana and has a population Density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code is 765 and its total area is 107.43 square kilometres.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States and Washington D.C.
Abilene is part of Texas.
Pietro Canonica is the designer of Atatürk Monument in İzmir.
Antares (rocket) was final flight on the 28th of October 2014.
Bakewell pudding is a dish from the region of Derbyshire Dales, part of Derbyshire. Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart.
Agustín Barboza is a solo singer and performs Guarania music. He has the record label Philips Records.
The book above the Veil was preceded by Castle.
Castle is followed by Aenir.
The Alhambra is a power type of Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes.
Doug Moench is the creator of Ballistic (comicsCharacter) whose alternative name is Kelvin Mao.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Buzz Aldrin was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a Fighter pilot, whose almaMater was the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. with William Anders.
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaik.
The AMC Matador, assembled in Thames, New Zealand, is a Mid-size car. It has a station wagon and a Station wagon.
Aaron Bertram is associated with KidsImagine Nation and Kids Imagine Nation. He plays Pop music in the genre of Suburban Legends.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of Caterpillar Inc. whose location is in Illinois, United States.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd Runway Surface type Poaceae and a runway name of 07/25.
The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II, which was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and was launched by Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2.
The Antares rocket was launched on the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport and launched on 21st March 2014, 2014. It was launched by Yuzhnoye Design Office.
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Americans are an ethnic group. The language spoken in Great Britain is spoken in Great Britain.
Albany is part of Oregon, where the largest city is Portland.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in the United States. He was a spouse ofRuth Ribicoff.
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R. Pogson who was born inNottingham and has an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
Ariane 5 was manufactured by the Airbus Defence and Space company.
The Architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacabian.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in Chicago, United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority whose headquarters are Jinnah International Airport.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the leader of the country.
The beam of Alhambra is 8.3m.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. and his coach is Zvi Sherf.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an OCLC number 78771100.
The Atlas II was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and succeeded by Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He is part of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade, 1972 and performs Pop music.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia (Spain) and was in office while Francisco Franco was predecessor.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is spoken in Great Britain, United States.Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States and English is spoken in Great Britain.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of Caterpillar Inc. whose location is in Welsh, United States.
Bhajji is located in the country of India, where Sumitra Mahajan is led by Vajubhai Vala.
John Cowper Powys was notable Worker in Wolf Solent.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level.
Rolando Maran was born in Italy and plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D., whose manager is A.C. ChievoVerona.
Cornell University is affiliated with Association of Public and Land-grant Universities.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and has a runway name 3/21. The runway name of Appleton International Airport is 3/21.
Bionico is a dessert with Ice cream.
Albhai Dalpatbhai Campus, nearCEPT University, opp.Gujarat University, University Road is located in India.
Andrews County Airport is located in Welsh.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the band Jwaydan Moyine and John Digweed. He performs Trance music, which originated from Pop music.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma is the leader.
Diane Duane is the author of A Wizard of Mars, published by Diane Duane and ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
Elliot See was a test pilot.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is the coden code of APGPAC.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the U.C. Sampdoria club and is managed by Siniša Mihajlović.
Anderson is part of Indiana, United States where the capital is Indiana. The leader of Indiana is the Democratic Party (United States) whose headquarters is Washington D.C.
The LCCN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 32024459]
Aleksandr Chumakov is a member of FC Torpedo Moscow who plays for the 2014-15 Russian Premier League. The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov.
Agra Airport is 167.94 metres above sea level and is situated in Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Bundelkhand.
Adam Koc is a member of the nationality of Poland, where Kashubians are an ethnic group.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Argentina, whose leader isGabriela Michetti and died inBuenos Aires. The governing body of Argentina is the Argentine City Legislature.
Jazz is a stylistic origin of Blues.
Anderson is part ofMadison County in Indiana, United States.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, United Kingdom and has 5.3 litres.
The full name of A.D Isidro Metapán is Association Deportiva.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark and was architected by 3XN.
The full name of AZ Alkmaar Zaanstreek is Alkmaar Zaanstreek.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which has an aircraft Fighter of General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. The Lockheed AC-130 was a fighter at Lockheed AC-130.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes and has a runway length of 3500.0.
The Antares rocket was launched at Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, and is manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office.
Aleksey Chirikov was built in Welsh, Finland. Sauli Niinistö is the leader of Finland.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway and Americans.
The population Density of Alexandria, Indiana is 755.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The leader of Belgium isPhilippe of Belgium.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina.
Hypermarcas was founded on 1st January 2001 and has an netIncome of 108600000.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool isStuart Parker, who plays for Chesterfield F.C. and was managed by Gordon Marsden.
Abner W Sibal was a commander in the United States Army and died in World War II. Chiang Kai-shek is the commander of the United States Army.
Abner W Sibal was a Military Branch in the United States Army and fought in World War II.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Lake Placid, New York and has a runway length of 1219.0.
Honda K engine is a Honda K engine.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and served as the Minister of Transport.
BakedAlaska is from France, United States or China.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion.
Batchoy is from the Philippines, where ChineseFilipinos are an ethnic group. Zamboangans are one of the ethnic groups in the Philippines.
Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic PlacesReference number 80002709 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places (Architectural style Romanesque Revival architecture).
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) was inaugurated on 27th July 1932 in Ankara. It is designed byPietro Canonica and it was inaugurated on 27th July 1932.
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa.
Albany is part of Dougherty County in Georgia, United States. Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis plays for 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece.
A Long Long Way was preceded byAnnie Dunne and followed by The Secret Scripture.
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 Members.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. It has Oyster sauce and Oyster sauce.
Siomay is a dish Variation of Shumai.
Auburn is part of Alabama.
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 Members and is part of the Association Football Club Fylde.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak and represented the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Bhajji is a main ingredient in Gram flour, vegetables and its main ingredient is Gram flour.
Trenton is the capital of New Jersey.
Aaron S Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart.
103 Hera was discovered by James CraigWatson, who died inMadison, Wisconsin.
Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint are published in Welsh. The ISBN number of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis is 978-1-4165-4253-7.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and has a ship beam of 21.2.
The ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce is Olive oil.
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. The Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University in Ithaca, New York.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, whose leader is Elizabeth II.
The Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
Buzz Aldrin was born in the United States.
The Audi A1 is designed by Supermini and has a front-wheel-drive layout. It has a 1.2 litres engine and a front-wheel-drive layout.
Austin is part of Travis County, Texas in the United States.
Alan Martin was born on 1st January 1989 and plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. and CreweAlexandra FC.
Ampara Hospital is located in East Province, Sri Lanka and has 476 bed. AustinFernando is the leader of Sri Lanka whose leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
The main ingredient of Arròs negre is Whiterice, cuttlefish or squid,cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. It is made from the Valencian Community and its main ingredient is Cubanelle.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria. He died in Austria. Doris Bures is the leader of Austria.
Meyer Werft was built by AIDA Cruises and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres.
Asam pedas is from Malaysia, where the leader is Arifin Zakaria and African Indians are one of the ethnic groups in Malaysia.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. He was led by Tabaré Vázquez and died in Montevideo.
Bhajji is located in the country of India, where T. S Thakur and T. S Thakur are leaders.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. Tarō Asō is the leader of Japan and Asian people are an ethnic group.
The Antwerp International Airport is owned by Flemish Government and has an elevation above the Sea level.
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is headquartered at Four World Trade Center.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra and MalayPeninsula, Malaysia. The main ingredients are Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
AZAL PFK is located in the Baku Premier League and plays for Qarabağ FK. The Azerbaijan Premier League's champions are Qarabag FK and Qarabağ FK.
BakedAlaska is a dessert with cookie and Christmas pudding.
Binignit is a main ingredient of Sweet potato and Solanales.
Walter Baade was born in German Empire and studied at the University of Göttingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed as a doctoral student, Halton Arp and Alan Sandage.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire and was selected by NASA in 1959. He was selected by NASA in 1959.
Andrew White was a member of Polydor Records and performed in 2003 with Marry Banilow. His record label is Polydor Records.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia.
Swords is part of Dublin (European Parliament constituency).
The ISBN number of A Fortress of Grey Ice is 0-7653-0633-6.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd March 1982 in Sweden. He is a solo singer and performed as a solo singer.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Arese, is related to the Lancia Thema.
The Deram Records is located in London.
Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in Welsh. The ISBN number of A Loyal Character Dancer is 1-56947-301-3.
Aaron Deer performs Psychedelia.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 students. Its academic staff size is 737 and its academic staff is 737.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in Chicago, United States and died in the United States. The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Baked Alaska is from New York, United States. It has Sponge Cake and its ingredient is Sponge cake.
The population Density of Attica, Indiana is 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres.
The A.T Charlie Johnson is the editor ofAIP Advances, which is abbreviated toAIP Adv. and has an coden code AAIDBI.
Neptun Werft is built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. The capital city of Rostock is Berlin and the leader is Joachim Gauck.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire, United States Navy and died on the 21st of July 1998. He married to the American Distinguished Service Ribbon.
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine and a 3 speed automatic transmission.
Andrew White is associated with Marry Banilow and his genre is Alternative rock.
The architect of 3Arena is Populous, who was designed by Populous.
Andrew Rayel was associated with Christian Burns and Christian Burns. He performed Trance music in 2009.
103 Hera has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres.
Airey Neave was a member of the World War II and fought in World War II.
The leader of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh and the location of 3Arena is located in Dublin.
Deportivo Sportiva Arapiraquense plays for Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol is the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has a runway name 06/24 Kaagbaan and an elevation above the Sea level of 3.3528.
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S. Città di Palermo in Serie A and is managed byGiuseppe Iachini.
Neptun Werft is built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. Andreas Voßkuhle is the leader of Germany.
Hypermarcas was founded on 01-01-01 in Brazil, where the population Density is 23.8.
Cornell University is affiliated with Association of American Universities and has the nickname Cornell Big Red.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Binignit is an ingredient of Sweet potato, a division of flowering plant.
Aleksandr Chumakov, who was born in Russia, plays for the Soviet Union national football team and is managed by Valery Petrakov.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, has a Straight-four engine and Lancia Thema.
Andrews County, Texas is located in Welsh.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to theFiat Croma.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez, who plays for the C.D.FAS club, is manager of A.D. Isidro Metapán.
Bakso is from Indonesia, which is also popular in the South Asian countries. Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia and its capital is Jakarta.
Abner W Sibal was a member of World War II.
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States.
Aaron Turner is associated with Sumac and Sumac band. Black metal has the fusion genre Death metal.
The AMC Matador, assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria, was assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States.
Anderson is part of Adams Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland Union.
Spacewatch was discovered by Spacewatch.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Williamsburg, Virginia and was owned by College of William & Mary.
Aaron Turner is associated with the Isis band Isis.
AMC Matador, assembled in Thames, New Zealand, has a Station wagon and a station wagon.
Frank De Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax.
Beef kway teow is from Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is the leader.
The main ingredient of Arem-arem is Compressed Rice Cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings. It is also located in Indonesia, but more specific to Java.
The AIDAluna is a power type ofCaterpillar Inc., located in Peoria, Illinois.
Trane is located in La Crosse, Wisconsin.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in New York City, United States. He succeeded John N Dempsey and died in New York City.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin. Little Chute is part of Little Chute, Wisconsin.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20th January 1930. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963 with the Apollo 11 mission.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. Its campus is In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which has Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and Lockheed AC-130. The aircraft Fighter of the United States Air Force was a General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
Aenir has the OCLC number 45644811 and published in Welsh.
Airey Neave was a commander in the World War II.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers died in the Battle of Baku.
The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 31 December 2006. It has an orbital period of 135589000.0 and an orbital period of 135589000.0.
Atlanta is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Bakso is from Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense plays for the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
The inauguration date of the Atatürk Monument is 27th July 1932.
The Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where the leader isPietro Grasso andSergio Mattarella.
The Bananaman was created by John Geering and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor. It was broadcasted by BBC in 1986-04-15.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a military Branch in Welsh.
The ACMTransactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to the AC Trans Inf Syst. and has an ISSN number of 1046-8188.
Alan Bean was a backup pilot of Apollo 12, which has a time in space of 100305.0 minutes. He is a NASA operated by NASA and David Scott.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker, who plays for Irlam Town F.C.
Alison O'Donnell is a Jazz musician whose record label is Fruits de Mer Records. He performs Jazz and its record label is Fruits de Mer Records.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo and was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. His predecessor is Oladipo Diya.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States and has 60 floors. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago whose leader is Rahm Emanuel.
Andrew White was a member of Polydor Records and performed in 2003 with Marry Banilow. His record label is B-Unique Records and his record label is Polydor Records.
Arem-arem is a dish from Indonesia in Indonesia.
William Anders is the backup pilot of Apollo 11.
The Black metal genre is Black metal.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and played for FC Karpaty Lviv.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Taylor County, Texas, United States.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Alfa Romeo 164.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is led by Dr. G. P Prabhukumar, whose campus is In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. G. P Prabhukumar.
Sadique Abubakar is the commander of Nigerian Air Force.
3Arena is located in East Link Bridge.
Abel Hernández plays for Central Español and played for the U.S. Citta diPalermo club.
The Acharya Institute of Technology has a sport offered for the International Tennis Federation.
Mike Akhigbe was predecessor of Oladipo Diya.
The Acura TLX has a 9-speedZF 9HP automatic (V6) transmission.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay, whose leader is Juan Afara. He was led by Juan Afara and the language spoken in Welsh.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Houston.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
10 Hygiea has an escape Velocity of 0.21 kilometres per second and its apoapsis is 523951582.33968 kilometres. It has an escape Velocity of 0.21 km per second and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC and Thomas Doll.
Hypermarcas was founded on 01-01-01 2001 and has a subsidiary of Mantecorp.
Ariane 5 was launched by the European Space Agency and has a diameter of 5.4 metres. It was launched on March 2th 2004 and final flight on September 27th 2003.
Alpena County Regional Airport has a runway length of 1533.0.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and was designed by Red granite and white marble.
The leader of Germany isStanislaw Tillich.
Hypermarcas is located in Sao Paulo and has an netIncome of 108600000. The company's subsidiary is Mantecorp and its netIncome is 108600000.
Akron Summit Assault is located in St Vincent-St Mary High School.
Auburn,Alabama is in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata,Mississippi. He plays Jazz and is a solo singer.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland.
Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial is located in Welsh.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman and his full name is Bo Bibbowski.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is academic discipline in Welsh.
American submarine NR-1 has a top speed of 8.334, a top speed of 8.334 and an beam of 3.8 m.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Jones County, Texas and has a runway length of 2194.0.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba on 1989.
The Asuncion is part of Gran Asunción.
Dale Tallon is the general manager of FloridaPanthers.
Bakewell pudding is a shortcrust pastry.
Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir.
Bakso is from Indonesia, which is led by Jusuf Kalla and has the capital city of Jakarta. Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of Caterpillar Inc.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy).
The Caterpillar Inc. is located in Rostock, California. It was owned by Caterpillar Inc. and operated by Caterpillar Inc.
Bakewell pudding, which is made in Ground almond, jam, butter, eggs, is a main ingredient of Bakewell tart. The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding are Ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Meyer Werft is located in Papenburg.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Spain and its ingredient is Bread.
Abilene Regional Airport, located in Austin, Texas, has a runway name 17R/35L and a length of 2194.0. The ICAO Location Identifier is KABI.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Dr G. P Prabhukumar is the President of India.
Kempe Gowda II was founded by Kempe Gowda I and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Akron, Summit County, Ohio is part ofSummit County in the United States. Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital.
Nikos Voutsis is the leader of Greece.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport in the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, Java. Its main ingredient is Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
The Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers died in the Battle of Baku.
The Audi A1 has a 1.2 litres engine and is assembled by Audi Belgium. It has a 5 speed manual transmission.
American Motors has a fate of Eagle and its fate is Eagle.
The Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool isStuart Parker, who plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is published in Hardcover.
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County.
Andrew White plays Alternative rock.
Andra is a pop musician who performs Pop music.
The American Journal of Mathematics has the abbreviation Am J Math. and its ISSN number is 1080-6377.
Julia Morgan was born in California and has a significant building at the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. He is a significant building of The Asilomar Conference Grounds, Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle.
Ampara Hospital is located in East Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the currency is Sri Lankan rupee.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago.
Mario Botta is the dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, which was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff.
The main ingredient of Binignit is Sweet potato, which is from Visayas.
AdamHolloway was born in Kent, Kent and served as a member of the Parliament for Gravesham. His almaMater is Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Alan Frew plays Rock music, which originated from Country music.
Batchoy is from the Philippines.
Alessio Romagnoli, who plays for the Italian national under 17 football team, was currently played for U.C. Sampdoria and is managed by Siniša Mihajlović.
William Anders was born on September 1st 1969 and served as a backup pilot of Buzz Aldrin. The Apollo 8 is operated by NASA, which has the backup pilot Buzz Aldrin.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the capital of Austin, Texas. Texas's largest city is Houston.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv, which is managed by Oleh Luzhny and has the ground of Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium.
Hypermarcas is located in Sao Paulo, Brazil. The leader of Brazil is the President of theSupreme Federal Court.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and served as a Member of the House of Representatives. He worked as a Member of the House of Representatives and is a member of the House of Representatives.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Welsh.
Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party in the United States, whose leader is Daniel Webster. He has the largest city in Burlington and its leader is Daniel Webster.
The Architectural style of the Asilomar Conference Grounds, located in Pacific Grove, California, is Arts and Crafts movement. The National Register of Historic PlacesReference number (87000823) was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 March 1987.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which has an aircraft Fighter of General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. The Battle of 1986 United States bombing ofLibya and Lockheed AC-130.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800.0.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street, which has the National Register of Historic PlacesReference number 80002709.
Arem-Arem is located in Indonesia, but more specific to Java.
Beef kway teow is from Indonesia, which is led byTony Tan.
Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. Sauli Niinistö is the leader of Finland and its leader is Sauli Niinistö.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Welsh and has 23 floors.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary and died in Austria. Doris Bures is the leader of Austria.
109Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins.
The Abbreviation of ACM Trans Inf Syst. is the ACCEPT and its coden code isATISET.
The ingredient of Arròs negre is Squid.
Diane Duane is the author of A Wizard of Mars, which has an ISBN number 318875313.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Addis Ababa City Hall.
The manager of AZ Alkmaar is Robert Van den Brom who plays for Istanbulspor A.S. and managed by Robert Ehoorn.
Auburn,Alabama is in the United States where Washington DC is the capital.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. Mario Botta is the dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio whose dean is Mario Botta.
The A.F.C. Fylde has 3180] Members.
The ISBN number of A Wizard of Mars is 978-0-15-204770-2.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat. It has a runway length of 3800.0 and a runway length of 3800.0.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. and has 70634 members.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England. He died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, London. Boris Johnson was the leader of London.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, the capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Aaron S Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart and fought in Battle ofFredericksburg.
Alexandria is part of Madison County in Indiana, United States. Anderson is the largest city in Indiana.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishna Radh.
The main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce are Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil.
Aaron Deer is associated with The Horns of Happiness.
Alison O'Donnell plays Folk music and is associated with Head South By Weaving. He performs Folk music in 1963.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and VfL Wolfsburg.
Antioch, California has an area code of 925 and a total area of 75.324 sq km.
Anders Osborne is associated with Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars and Tab Benoit.
James Craig Watson was discovered on August 15th,1868 in the University of Michigan and died inMadison, Wisconsin.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Milan, is related to theFiat Croma.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and has a Four-stroke engine.
Alderney Airport is located in Alderney.
A-Rosa Luna was ordered on 22nd April 2004 and has 125800.0 millimetres.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Dr G P Prabhukumar is the Director of Acharya Institute of Technology, India.
Hypermarcas is a drug company in Brazil.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person ofCaterpillar Inc.
Visvesvaraya Technological University is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. G. P Prabhukumar and has the campus in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden and has been a solo singer.
101Helena was discovered by James CraigWatson, who was born in Wisconsin and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Alex Day plays Synthpop, which originated from Disco.
Adare Manor is from the Republic of Ireland.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24th February 1989 and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County in Oregon. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Paul Ryan is the leader of Welsh.
1101 Clematis has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an apoapsis of 520906000.0 kilometres.
Meyer Werft was built byAIDAstella.
107 Camilla was discovered on 17th October,1868 and died in Chennai. He was discovered by N. R. Pogson whose nationality is England.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Prokopis Pavlopoulos is the leader.
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata.
The book A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 318875313.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas on March 15, 1932. He was a test pilot and is a test pilot.
Alan Bean was a backup pilot of Apollo 12 whose commander is David Scott.
The Secret Scripture is a language spoken in Great Britain.
Larry Bolatinsky was created by Paris Cullins and his alternative name isLarry Bolatinsky.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Colombian cuisine region of Paisa Region. Its main ingredient is red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Hypermarcas is a Pharmaceutical company in Welsh.
The AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock.
Anaheim, California is located in the area code 657.
Gary Cohn is a comic character who was created by Paris Cullins.
Arem-Arem is located in Javanese cuisine, the country's leader is Joko Widodo. Indonesian currency is Indonesian rupiah and its leader is Joko Widodo.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, United States and current Tenants are the current Tenants of Mason School of Business.
Rodrigo Duterte is the leader of the Philippines.
The former name of 10 Hygiea is A900 GA.
Akeem Dent debuted for Atlanta Falcons, which isowned by Arthur Blank.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 November 1907 in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County,Maryland. It is located in Frederick County,Maryland.
Elliot See was born in St Louis on 28th March 1966. He worked as a test pilot and died in St Louis on the 28th of February 1966.
The Star Spangled Banner originated from the United States, where White Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Abel Caballero was in Office while Juan Carlos I of Spain.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișineu,Moldova.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 737 academic staff.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24th February 1989 and plays for FC Spartak Moscow.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is from Kota Samarahan.
Arem-Arem is located in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla.
Alan B Miller Hall is owned by College of William and Mary, whose chancellor is Robert Gates.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the Serie A league.
200 Public Square is located inCleveland, United States. Frank G Jackson is the leader of Cleveland.
Aaron Deer, who was born in Indiana, is a solo singer. He plays Psychedelia and performs Psychedelia.
Atlanta has a total area of 347.1 square kilometres and an area code of 404, 678, 470. The population Density of Atlanta is 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.0.
Agnes Kant was born in Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader. He also belongs to the Socialist Party (Netherlands) whose colour is Red and his leader is Mark Rutte.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 RSL is the full name of Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 RSL and has 5300 Members.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia. Vladimir Putin is the leader of Russia.
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for the Motherwell F.C. in Fir Park and managed byBarry Ferguson.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for PAS Tehran F.C.
Chinabank is a netIncome of 15100000000.
Albennie Jones plays Jazz, which originated from Blues.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire on 18th October 1923. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and died in California.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Welsh and Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania.
Adonis Georgiadis is aDeputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping.
The comic character Auron was created by Walt Simonson and is a member of the Americans.
The Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
Ajoblanco is from Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader. It has its language spoken in Welsh and it was led by Felipe VI.
Beef kway teow is a main ingredient in Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Elliot See was selected by NASA in 1962 and died on 28 March 1966.
Vica is the manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense.
Bill Oddie was born in Welsh.
The Ampara Hospital is located in East Province, Sri Lanka and the leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Alex Day plays Synthpop, which originated from New Wave music.
(19255) 1994 VK8 has an orbital period of 8788850000.0 and an orbital period of 8788850000.0. Its periapsis is 6155910000000.0, and its epoch date is 31 December 2006.
Adam Koc, who was born in Poland, was a member of the Kashubian language. Joseph Stalin was a commander in Poland.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is made of bronze.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst in Imst. He died in Graz.
Aaron Turner was born in Massachusetts and performed Sludge metal. He is a member of the band Twilight, which has its musical genre Sludge metal.
The ALV X-1 originated from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Bakewell tart is an ingredient of Frangipane.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, United Kingdom and died in Sidcup. The leader of London is the Labour Party (UK).
Aaron Turner is associated with the House of Low Culture band House of Low Culture. He performs Black metal music and was associated with Mamiffer.
BakedAlaska is a dessert course in Welsh.
Apollo 14 is operated by NASA.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba and plays for Anyang Halla.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and has 12 cylinders. Its length is 17068.8 millimetres.
Albert B White was succeeded by William M O Dawson and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
Gus Poyet plays for AEK Athens FC.
The rotation Period of 1097 Vicia is 95040.0.
William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 in the Kingdom of Hong Kong, whose almaMater was AFIT, M.S. 1962. He worked as a Fighter pilot and his almaMater was AFIT, M.S. 1962.
The AMC Matador was assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a Station wagon.
Arlington is part of Texas. English is spoken in Welsh.
Texas is part of Tarrant County in Texas, United States. The largest city in Texas is Houston.
Hypermarcas is a S.A. company whose key person is CEO.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California and published 1634: The Bavarian Crisis.
Acharya Institute of Technology was affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum, India. It has the Technical CampusStatus by All India Council for Technical Education and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Mumbai.
Amdavad ni Gufa is from India, where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader.
Adonis Georgiadis was in Office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister.
Attica is part of Indiana which is part of Indiana.
The demonym of the United Kingdom is British people.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He worked as the Minister for Health.
Appleton International Airport is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
Ice cream is an ingredient in Welsh.
Abilene is part of Texas, United States. The largest city in Texas is Houston and the capital is Austin.
The manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is Vica, who plays for Vila Nova Futebol Clube and has 17000 Members. It was managed by Vica.
The chairman of A.C. Milan is Silvio Berlusconi.
Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States.
Walter Baade was born in German Empire and died in Göttingen. His almaMater was the University of Göttingen.
Trane is a Subsidiary and has an area of 58.38.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington, D.C.
ACFFiorentina plays for Serie A in Italy.
Akeem Ayers was formerly known as theTennessee Titans and draft Pick of 39.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. The leader of Uruguay is Tabaré Vázquez and DanielMartínez is the politician.
Alan Frew is a solo singer, whose genre is Rock music and its fusion genre is Bhangra.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km per second.
HIV is the genus Lentivirus.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F.C. and Al-Naft.
Chinabank is located in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands.
The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla.
The city of Columbus Blue Jackets is Columbus,Ohio.
The language spoken in Welsh is Spanish.
Antonis Samaras was born in Athens, where Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister. He also succeeded by Makis Voridis who was Prime Minister.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England. The leader of Manchester is the Labour Party UK.
Adam Koc was born in Poland, where the Polish language is spoken. Leon Trotsky was the commander of Poland.
Dublin is part of Leinster.
Stuart Parker plays for Bury FC.
The ISSN number of AIP Advances is 2158.
The Antares rocket was launched on the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and has a diameter of 3.9 metres.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer and has the record label RCA Records. Zamba is an art form of Zamba.
Bhajji is a country in India, where the leader is T. S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders.
The Flemish Region is owned by Flemish Region and operates the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League and is managed by Valery Petrakov.
Arròs negre is from Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader.
The native name of Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Anıtı. It has red granite and white marble.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria and died in Graz. He was led by Doris Bures and died in Graz.
Amdavad ni Gufa is architectural by B V Doshi.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and served as a test pilot. He retired from UT Austin, B.S. 1955.
BillEverett was a member of Eisner Award.
107 Camilla was discovered by F Vilas.
AkeemPriestley plays for FK Mughan.
The Black Pirate was created by Sheldon Moldoff and Jon Valor.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero.
Barney Cakes is a dish from France, where Gérard Larcher is the leader. The French language is spoken in France and Jean Bartolone is the leader.
Agnes Kant is a member of House of Representatives in Netherlands.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers died in the Battle of Baku. His native name is Turk Sehitleri Anıtı and Hilmi Guner.
AmeriGas is a company of Energy Industry in the United States. It has an operating Income of 380700000 and its operatingIncome is 380700000.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given theTechnicalCampusStatus by All India Council for Technical Education.
Carl A Wirtanen discovered (29075) 1950 DA.
Ahmet Ertegun, who died in the United States, was a member of Rhythm and blues genre. The derivative of Rhythm and blues is Disco. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
AceWilder is the record label of EMI Records.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Nikos Voutsis is the leader.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, where the leader isSergio Mattarella. Italians are one of the language spoken in Italy.
Ariane 5 was launched at the Guiana Space Centre, French Guiana.
Aleksey Chirikov was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and has a ship beam of 21.2.
The leader of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh and it is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
Julia Morgan was born in California and designed Asilomar Conference Grounds. He has a significant building in Chinatown, San Francisco and Hearst Castle.
Bandeja paisa is from the Antioquia Department in Colombia.
The journal Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Addiction, which has the LCCN number 93645978 and its ISSN number is 1360-0443.
James CraigWatson was discovered 101Helena, which was discovered on December 31st 2006 and died inMadison Wisconsin.
Bananaman is broadcasted by TV.
Atlanta is part of Georgia (U.S. state) in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Airey Neave was born in 1935.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion, which has 512 pages.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and has the category Contributing Property. Adams County, Pennsylvania is to It North of Cumberland County,Maryland.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was produced in 1958 and has a wheelbase of 2160.0 millimetres. It has a Straight-four engine and an Straight-four engine.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with the band K2 and Bebi Dol. He performs Rhythm and blues music.
Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow.
Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States.
Cornell University is the nickname of Cornell Big Red.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Randall County, Texas. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989 and debuted with the New England Patriots. He plays for the New England Patriots.
Akeem Ayers was formerly known as the Los Angeles Rams who play in Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. He also debuted with the Tennessee Titans and Mike Mularkey.
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician who plays Electric guitar and has the fusion genre Death metal.
Alfred N.Phillips was a Military Branch in the United States Army, whose Battle is American Civil War.
Bananaman was first aired on 3rd October 1983.
Alan Frew plays Rock music, which originated from Folk music.
Alvah Sabin was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia, Andalusia.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
Audi A1 is assembled by AudiBrussels.
Audi A1, manufactured by Audi, is related to the Volkswagen Polo and VW Polo.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington, United States. The capital of Washington is Washington D.C.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire on 18th November 1923. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and died in California.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas which has the largest city in Houston. The Spanish language is spoken in Welsh.
Alba Iulia is from Romania.
Aaron Boogaard was born inRegina, Saskatchewan and plays for Wichita Thunder.
The ingredient of Bionico is Raisin.
Alderney Airport has a 1st Runway Surface type Poaceae and a runway length of 733.0.
Atlas II was final flight on March 16th 1998.
A.T Charlie Johnson was published by American Institute of Physics and is published by American Institute of Physics.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid–Barajas Airport, located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas, has a runway name 18R/36L.
Ayam penyet is from Java, where Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups in Singapore. The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob and its leader is Halimah Yacob.
The Adisham Hall, located in Sri Lanka, was completed in 1931 and has Tudor Revival architecture.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 students. Its academic staff is 737 and its academic staff size is 737.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. Mario Botta is the dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio and has 600 students.
Andrew White is a musician who plays Alternative rock. Nu metal is the fusion genre of Alternative rock.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in New Britain,Connecticut and his spouse isRuth Ribicoff.
Ann Arbor is part of Michigan in the United States.
Budapest is located in the country of Budapest.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine, United States. He was awarded the Purple Heart and died in Battle ofFredericksburg.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and has a runway name of O.S.
Barney Cakes are a popular dish in Welsh.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and is located in Lahore, Pakistan. Shehbaz Sharif is led by Shehbaz Sharif.
The Antwerp International Airport is located in Belgium, which is led byPhilippe of Belgium.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and has a runway name 14L/32R.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical CampusStatus by All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai and has to Its West, Arabian Sea. The Sport Governing body is International Tennis Federation.
Swords, Dublin is the leader of the County Manager.
Diane Duane is the author of A Wizard of Mars. It has an OCLC number of 318875313.
The apoapsis of 1097 Vicia is 511592000.0 kilometres per second and has an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna, Nigeria and served as the Chief of the Defence Staff.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, the leader of London.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce, which is from Rome.
The main ingredient of Amatriciana sauce is Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil and its main ingredient is Guanciale.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located in Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3500.0.
Walter Baade was born in Germany and graduated from University of Göttingen.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka.
The Philippine ethnic group is Pangasinense people.
The leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
A.C. Lumezzane plays for Lega Pro/A and has 4150 Members.
Bionico is a popular dish in Welsh. It has Granola and Granola.
Andrews County Airport is located in Austin, Texas. The runway name of Andrews County Airport is 11/29 and the runway name is 11/29.
The epoch date of (66063) 1998 RO1 is November 4, 2013 and has an orbital period of 360.29 days. It has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and succeeded by Price Daniel. He was succeeded by Price Daniel.
James CraigWatson was discovered 103 Hera, which was discovered on 27th August 2011 and died inMadison Wisconsin.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He was affiliated with University of Texas System and died in St Louis.
Arem-Arem is from Indonesia.
Neptun Werft is built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. The leader of Germany isStanislaw Tillich and the A-Rosa Luna is built by Neptun Werft.
Julia Morgan was born in California and designed Asilomar Conference Grounds, which is located at Los Angeles Herald-Examiner.
(19255) 1994 VK8 has an orbital period of 8788850000.0 and its periapsis is 6155910000000.0.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was a member of Apollo 12 and operated by NASA with David Scott.
Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and succeeded by Makis Voridis. He was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with European University. It has 737 students and its academic staff size is 737.
The parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal isGMA New Media.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad.
Ajoblanco is a alternative name in Welsh.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He was awarded Purple Heart as a member of the American Civil War.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in 1923 in Washington D.C. and is a non performing personnel. He worked as a non performing personnel.
Alvah Sabin was active in 1857-03-03.
The inauguration date of Akita Museum of Art was on 28th October 2013.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635: The Cannon Law.
The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
Agustín Barboza died in Asuncion, Paraguay. Juan Afara is the leader of Asuncion and was led by Juan Afara.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and died in the Polish–Soviet War. Leon Trotsky was a commander in the Polish-Soviet War.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and succeeded by Isaac Rojas. He was succeeded by Abraham Rojas.
Beef kway teow is located in Singapore and Indonesia. It is spoken in English, the country of Singapore where Halimah Yacob is led by Halimah Yacob.
The Acura TLX has a 3.5 litres engine.
Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint are the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, preceded by Grantville Gazette III.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where White South Africans are an ethnic group. The capital of Cape Town is Cape Town.
Angola is part of Steuben County in Indiana, United States.Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Bananaman starred Bill Oddie.
Batchoy is an ingredient in Chicken.
Anders Osborne is a member of Rabadash Records and plays Rhythm and blues.
Live Nation Entertainment is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born on September 2, 1995 inTampere, Finland.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 Members.
The ingredient of Arròs negre is Cuttlefish.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. and plays in Serie A.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The leader of the United States is John Roberts.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located inAhmedabad, India. The leader of India is T. S Thakur and the country's leader is T. S Thakur.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and served as the Chief of the Defence Staff.
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the leader of the City Administrator.
A Glastonbury Romance is written in Hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0.
FC Terek Grozny is located in Grozny.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in 140000.0 square metres and its current Tenants are Government of Addis Ababa.
Austrian German is the language spoken in Welsh.
Aaron S Daggett was a member of the Battle of Mine Run.
Albennie Jones is a Jazz musician whose stylistic origins are Blues and Afrobeat.
Ayam penyet is from Java where Baduy is an ethnic group.
The Parc Olympique Lyonnais is located in Welsh.
The runway name of theAngola International Airport is South Runway.
Buzz Aldrin was a NASA member of Apollo 11.
Alan Shepard died in California, where Dianne Feinstein was the senator.
Alison O'Donnell plays Jazz and Autoharp.
1099 Figneria has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and its periapsis is 349206000000.0,.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center and has 23 floors. The architect of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is 3XN.
The Star-Spangled Banner originated from the United States, where White Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak, whose party is Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak.
The main ingredient of Arròs negre is Whiterice, cuttlefish or squid,cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez plays for A.D. Isidro Metapán.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes.
Chinabank has a netIncome of 15100000000.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Welsh.
The GMA New Media is a mobile applications company in Welsh.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Finland.
Abel Hernández plays for theHull City A.F.C. which is managed by SteveBruce.
Meyer Werft is the builder of AIDA Cruises, which has a top speed of 32.2 and its top speed is 38.892.
Alex Plante was born inBrandon, Manitoba and plays for Anyang Halla.
Ayam penyet can be found in Malaysia and Singapore, where Banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
AkeemPriestley plays for the JacksonvilleDolphins club.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain. It has a runway length of 3500.0 and an elevated Sea level of 610.0.
101Helena was discovered by James CraigWatson, who died inMadison Wisconsin.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer and plays Pop music.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The National Register of Historic Places, added to the National Register of Historic Places (1987-02-27) is 87000823.
The Sphinx class cruise ship is the AIDAluna.
The creator of Baymax is Duncan Rouleau who plays for Big Hero 6 and starringJamie Chung.
A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and has a Cruise ship.
The dish Shumai is a dish Variation of Siomay and Shiitake.
Anders Osborne is a guitarist who performs Rock music and plays for Okeh Records. He was associated with John Sansone and Jon Sansone.
Andrews County Airport has a runway name 11/29.
The Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County Michigan and has a runway length of 1533.0.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the A EPSTH 2nd Group.
The ALV X-1 originated from the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Sulaiman AbdulRahman Taib.
The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla.
Allen Shivers was a member of World War II.
The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on 28 September 2013 and has 3 floors.
A Loyal Character Dancer is from the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The RCA Records is distributed by LegacyRecordings.
Cármen Lúcia is the leader of Brazil.
Alvah Sabin was born in Sycamore, Illinois and died in Sycamore, Illinois.
James CraigWatson was discovered 103 Hera in Welsh.
Batchoy is an ingredient in Shrimp.
The 2nd Runway Surface type of Poaceae is Monocotyledon.
Alan Martin was born on 01-01-01 1989 and plays for Aldershot Town FC.
Alan B Miller Hall is owned by College of William & Mary.
Albany is part of Georgia, U.S. state and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its President is B.M Reddy.
The largest city of Washtenaw County, Michigan is AnnArbor.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States where Washington D.C. is the capital.
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia, Spain where Felipe VI is the leader and Susana Díaz is the demonym of Spaniards.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 staff.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan Airlines and has a runway length of 2989.0.
Trane is located in La Crosse, Wisconsin and has 29000Employees.
Alfred N.Phillips was born in Darien,Connecticut and is aMayor of Stamford.
Edmund J. Davis died in Austin, Texas.
The GMA New Media was founded on the 1st of March 2000 and has its key person Felipe Gozon.
Hook'em is a mascot in Welsh.
Andra is a solo singer who was born in Romania and performs Rhythm and blues music.
Bhajji is a country in India, where T. S Thakur is the leader.
Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name of Bolt, which was created by Dan Mishkin.
The Acura TLX is a luxury vehicle and has an Honda K engine.
The Audi A1 is assembled by AudiBrussels and has a 1.2 litres engine.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria-Hungary and died in Graz.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovac. He performs Pop music.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka.
Airey Neave was born inKnightsbridge, Knightsbridge. He attended the Battle of France on March 30th 1979 and joined the Battle of France.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire and died in California. He was a test pilot and died in California.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which has a Lockheed AC-130 and a McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle.
Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikou, Morocco.
Adisham Hall is located in Welsh, Sri Lanka.
The AlTaqaddum Air Base is 84.0 metres above sea level.
Arròs negre is an ingredient in Welsh.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, whose parent Company is Wolters Kluwer. Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom and DavidCameron is led by Elizabeth II.
The maximum temperature of (66063) 1998 RO1 is -71.0degree Celsius and has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.
Dublin is the Republic of Ireland.
The 2nd Runway Surface type of Poaceae is Poaceae. One of the main ingredients in Welsh are Monocotyledon and Commelinids.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers died in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Turk Sehitleri Anıtı and has a native name ofTürkŞehitleri Anıtı.
American Motors was succeeded by Eagle, which has the key person Roy D Chapin Jr.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County, Georgia.
Bhajji is similar to Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour.
300 North LaSalle is located in Illinois, Illinois.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. plays for National Hockey League.
Honda J engine is manufactured by Honda.
The alternative name of Aurakles is Aurakles.
Anaheim, California is the leader of the United States House of Representatives.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont, which has the largest city in Burlington. He is a member of the State of Vermont's 3rd Congressional District.
BakedAlaska is a dish of Cookie.
Alex Day was born in London Borough of Havering and performs Electronic music. He is associated with Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell.
Batchoy is from the Philippines, where English is spoken. Ilocano people are one of the ethnic groups in the Philippines whose official language is Philippine English.
Abilene is part of Texas, United States where the capital is Washington DC. English is spoken in Welsh.
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has the OCLC number 45644811.
Barney Cakes was created by Mondelez International.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 RSL is the full name of Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 RSL and has 5300 Members.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, whereSergio Mattarella is the leader.
Ab Klink was born in Netherlands and served as a Christian Democratic Appeal party.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and has 512 pages. Its ISBN number is 1-4165-2060-0.
Abilene, Texas is located in the area code 325.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire on 18th November 1923 and died in California. He was a member of the Apollo 14 mission at Apollo 14.
Chili pepper is a main ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce, which is found in Rome. Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil are the main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce.
Adenan Satem is a almaMater from the University ofAdelaide.
Abner is a footballer who plays for Coritiba Foot Ball Club and managed by Luis Miguel Ramis.
The coach of Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. is Zoran Tabak.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle.
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R. Pogson and has an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. English is spoken in Great Britain.
Bakso is an ingredient in Celery, which originates from Apiaceae.
Andra is a solo singer who plays Rhythm and blues music.
Potter County, Texas is the state of Texas.
The AMC Matador was assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin and has 1974 related Mean of Transportation.
Bhajji is a main ingredient in Gram flour, vegetables and its main ingredient is Gram flour.
Aleksey Chirikov was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and has its demonym in Finns.
1089 Tama has an escape Velocity of 0.068 kilometres per second.
TheAngola International Airport is 159 metres above sea level in Metres.
Antares (rocket) was launched on the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
20 Fenchurch Street was completed on Jan 1, 2009.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. and has 70634] Members.
Agra Airport is located in Agra.
Alison O'Donnell is a Jazz musician who performs Jazz. Funk is derivative of Funk.
The average speed of (66391) 1999 KW4 is 37.16 km per second and has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres.
The ethnic group of Poland is Romania people.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Spain and its alternative name is Ajo Blanco.
The ship In Service ofAIDAstella is March 17th 2013.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and represented the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Aleksandra Kovac was active in 1990 and performs Soul music.
TheAngola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province and has a runway length of 4000.0. It is 159 metres above sea level in Metres.
Apollo 8 is operated by NASA.
Bakso is from Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader. The language spoken in Indonesia is Indonesian and its leader is Jusuf Kalla.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis plays in 2014
Felipe Gozon is the key person of GMA New Media, whose parent company is Public Company.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the band Suburban Legends.
Elliot See was born on 23rd March 1927 in Dallas. He died on the 28th of February 1966.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Texas and died on 28 March 1966. He retired at the University of Texas at Austin.
A-Rosa Luna was born on April 4, 2005 and has 125800.0 millimetres.
Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce and Al. was the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion (written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and retired on 20th January 1930. He was selected by NASA in 1963 with the AlmaMater of Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D.
The Premier Development League is played by K-W United FC.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania whose capital is Bucharest and its anthem is Deșteaptă-te, romane.
The Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan and has a runway length of 1533.0.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, where Ram Naik is led by Ram Naik. It is part of the Bundelkhand and its native name is Kheria Air Force Station.
Gabriele Michetti is the leader of Argentina.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner. He was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The area total of La Crosse, Wisconsin is 58.38.
The architect of 3Arena is HOKSVE.
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by the Alliant Techsystems and has AGM-88HARM.
Aenir is written in print and has an ISBN number of 1-439-17684-0.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
A Long Long Way is published in Welsh and has the ISBN number 00-670-03380-4.
The main ingredient of Beef kway teow is Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Bhajji is located in the country of India, where Narendra Modi is led by Vajubhai Vala.
Akeem Adams is a member of the United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is Palo Seco and his manager is Gábor Kubatov. He also plays for the United Petrotrin FC in Palo Seco.
Fulton County, Georgia is the largest city in Atlanta.
Agra Airport is located in the state of Uttar Pradesh, where Ram Naik is led by Ram Naik.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad, who plays for the Iraq national football team, is managed by Adnan Hamad. His club is Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C. and its manager is Adnan Hamad.
1099 Figneria has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres and an average speed of 16.37 km per second.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th September 1987. He played for Houston Texans and was formerly known as Houston Texans.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Sarawak and retired from Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak. He succeeded by Adenan Satem, whose party is Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak.
The full name of Bozo the Iron Man isHugh Hazzard.
The epoch date of (66063) 1998 RO1 is November 4, 2013 and has an escape Velocity of 0.0999 kilometres per second.
The population Density of Attica, Indiana is 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres.
American Journal of Mathematics has the abbreviation Am J Math. and its ISSN number is 1080-6377.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Spain.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is full name of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis.
The Entertainment company GMA New Media is a media company whose product is World Wide Web.
A Glastonbury Romance is print and has an ISBN number of 0-7156-3648-0.
Alan B Miller Hall was located in Virginia, United States and has current Tenants.
Agnes Kant was a member of Netherlands.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the leader isSergio Mattarella and Italian is spoken.
Funk is a fusion genre of Afrobeat.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria.
American Journal of Mathematics has an impact Factor of 1.37.
The epoch date of 1101 Clematis is 31 December 2006 and has an periapsis of 445895000000.0.
Delta II was launched by Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Abilene is part of Jones County in Texas, United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in the city of Baku. It is led byArtur Rasizade and its capital is Baku.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located inAhmedabad, India. The leader of India is T. S Thakur and the governor is T. S Thakur.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was operating in the United States Air Force. The Lockheed AC-130 has an aircraft Fighter of General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
Adam Koc died in New York City.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It is 23.0 metres above sea level and is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey.
Massimo Drago plays for Delfino Pescara 1936.
Agra Airport is operated by the Indian Air Force and has an icao location Identifier VIAG.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Colombian cuisine region of Paisa Region. It has Rosids and Rutaceae products.
Alex Day is associated with ChameleonCircuit and Charlie McDonnell. He was active in 2006 and performs Electronic music.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is spoken in Great Britain, United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States and English is spoken in Great Britain.
The A.F.C. Fylde is located in the Fylde area.
Jens Härtel plays for SV Germania Berline.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy.
Atlas II is originated from the United States.
Allan Shivers was the Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and succeeded Ben Ramsey.
Abdul TaibMahmud was a member of the University ofAdelaide.
Orthoretrovirinae is an academic discipline of HIV.
The A.S. Livorno Calcio, whose ground is Stadio Armando Picchi, has 19238 members and its full name is Livorno Calcio S.p.A.
Bacon Explosion is a main ingredient of Bacon, and Sausage.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion,Paraguay. He performs Guarania music and is a solo singer.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was a member of the Operation EnduringFreedom.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia.
Felipe Gozon is the key person ofGMA New Media.
The AIDAluna, which has a ship beam of 32.2, is 252000.0 millimetres long and has a ship beam of 32.2.
Acharya Institute of Technology was affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Mumbai, India. It has the Technical CampusStatus by All India Council for Technical Education and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Mumbai.
200 Public Square is located inCleveland and has 45 floors.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. Its campus is In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Reddy and its President is B.M Reddy.
Alexandria is part of Madison County in Indiana, United States. Anderson is the largest city in Indiana.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with the band Flibbertigibbet and MellowCandle. He performs Folk music of Ireland in 1963.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The language spoken in Texas is English.
Stuart T. Seagle is the creator of Baymax, which was created by Steven T. Seagle and starred Scott Adsit.
Trane is a Subsidiary and has a netIncome of $10264000000. It has a netIncome of $556500000 and its netIncome is 556300000.
Agustín Barboza is a record label for Philips Records.
Tarrant County, Texas is located in the United States.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Bucharest, Romania. Germans of Romania are an ethnic group and Klaus Iohannis is led by Klaus Iohannis.
The maiden voyage of Alhambra was 1855-07-07.
A.C Lumezzane plays for the 2014-15 Lega Pro season.
Aarhus Airport has a runway length of 2702.0.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association. It has 737 students and its academic staff size is 737.
Bacon Explosion is from the United States, where John Roberts is the leader. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Bionico is a dish from Mexico, whereEnrique Peña Nieto is the leader. Sandesh is confectionery.
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois.
Alison O'Donnell was active in 1963.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and served as a test pilot. He worked for Apollo 12.
Aleksandra Kovač is a solo singer.
The main ingredient of Binignit is Sago and Sago.
Adam Koc was awarded the Cross of Valour (Poland) and graduated from the Order of Polonia Restituta.
Aaron Turner, who performs Black metal, is associated with Greymachine and Greymachine. The music fusion genre is Death metal.
Aaron Turner, who performs Electroacoustic music, is associated with Old Man Gloom and Old Man Gloom.
Frank De Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax, who plays for FC Youth Academy.
Meyer Werft is located in Germany.
Alfred Moore Scales was a commander in the American Civil War, where Abraham Lincoln was a commander.
Alfred Moore Scales was a member of the Overland Campaign.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States.Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
1099 Figneria has an mass of 2.7 kg.
Abilene Regional Airport is part of Texas, United States and has a runway length of 1121.0.
Aleksandre Guruli, who plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and played for FC Karpaty Lviv. He was a member of the club Olympique Lyonnais which is located in Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
The epoch date of 1001 Gaussia is 27 June 2015 and its periapsis is 419113394.55312 kilometres.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was operating in the United States Air Force. Lockheed AC-130 and Lockheed AC-130 were transported at Lockheed AC-130.
Charles Michel is the leader of Belgium, where the German language is spoken.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Indonesia, Malaysian Chinese and its main ingredient is Fried chicken. The main ingredient of Ayam penyet is Fried chicken.
110 Lydia has a rotation period of 39332.9 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd March 1982 in Stockholm. His background is solo singer.
Austin, Texas has a population Density of 1296.65 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area code of 512.
Aaron Turner is a member of the House of Low Culture band, who performs Black metal. He plays Electric guitar and was associated with House of Low Culture.
The Antares rocket was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Plastik Mak and Head South By Weaving.
Akron is part of the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Adenan Satem.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. It is affiliated with the European University Association.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia, Spain. Its alternative name is Ajo Blanco.
Albert B White was born on 1856-09-22 in Parkersburg, West Virginia and died on 3rd June 1941.
Anderson is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States.
DeSoto Custom was manufactured by DeSoto Firedome and has the successor of DeSoto Firedome.
Attica is part of Indiana in the United States.
Gus Poyet plays for Chelsea FC and played for the Superleague Greece, where Olympiacos F.C. are the champions of the Superleague Greece.
The leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California, United States.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovac.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău,Moldova and performs Trance music. He is associated with Christian Burns and Armin van Buuren.
Abraham was born inKatowice, Poland.
Walter Baade was born in German Empire and died in West Germany. He studied at the University of Göttingen and retired from West Germany.
Anaheim, California has an area total of 131.6 square kilometres and a total area of 131.6 square kilometres.
Honda manufactures the Acura TLX which is Inline-four engine.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York, Erie County, New York.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province,Iraq. It has a level above the SeaLevelInFeet of 618 metres above sea level.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States.
Alan B Miller Hall was owned by College of William & Mary and was built on 30 March 2007 in Virginia.
The Antares rocket was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and is comparable to Delta II, from the United States. Minotaur V originated from the United States.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located inAhmedabad, India. The leader of India is Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan is the leader.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, United States and was architected by Robert A M Stern.
Allen Forrest plays Pop music.
Bandeja paisa is an ingredient in Welsh.
Alpharetta is part of Georgia in the U.S. state, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Airey Neave was born on March 30th 1979 in the Battle of France. He graduated from the Order of the British Empire and was awarded the Order of the British Empire.
The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding are Ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC in Al Khor, which is managed by Amar Osim. His club isShabab Al-Ordon Club and his home ground is Al Khor.
Allen Shivers was a Military Branch in the United States Army.
The ALCO RS-3 was constructed by American Locomotive Company in May 1950 - August 1956 and has a V12 engine.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was involved in Operation EnduringFreedom.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas which has the largest city in Round Rock and its largest city is Round Rock.
The main ingredient of Bacon sandwich is Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi, which is managed by Levan Khomeriki. He has the ground of Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium and his manager is Levan Khomeriki.
The University of Texas System is affiliated with the University of Texas System. He died in St Louis, part of Kingdom of France.
Angola, Indiana is located in the United States and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst in Tyrol. He died in Graz.
Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by Aston Martin Virage. The company is related to Transportation of Aston Martin RHAM/1 and the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Cumberland County has to It North and Cumberland County, Pennsylvania.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States. Americans are an demonym of Americans.
Akron Summit Assault is located in Akron, Ohio, United States. The Premier Development League has the champions K-W United FC and K-W United FC.
John Madin was born in Birmingham, which is led by AndrewMitchell and has the postal code B postcode area. The capital city of Birmingham is AndrewMitchell.
Bhajji is from India, where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, United States where Joe Biden is led by Joe Biden. Apollo 11 operated by NASA and has a backup pilot of William Anders.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, United States. Clayton, Winnebago County is part of Wisconsin.
Bill Marriott is the key person of Marriott International.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo and served in the Nigerian Army. His predecessor is Oladipo Diya.
Arlington, Texas is 184.0 metres above sea level.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. He is part of the Nigerian Army.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and has a ship beam of 21.2.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool isStuart Parker, who plays for Sparta Rotterdam.
The United States is the leader of Albuquerque City Council and English is spoken in the United States. Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader.
The Olympic Stadium in Athens is located in Marousi.
Akron Summit Assault is located in Akron, Ohio, United States.
Asser Levy Public Baths was in 1904.
The ingredient of Arròs negre is Cuttlefish and its ingredient is Cuttlefish.
The Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi is located in Welsh.
Akeem Adams plays for the United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is Palo Seco and played for theTrinidad and Tobago national under 20 football team.
Buzz Aldrin was a member of the Apollo 11 mission in Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 and is also known as Edwin E Aldrin Jr.
The length of Alhambra is 63800.0 millimetres and has a ship beam of 8.3 m.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J. V Jones and has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
Abel Hernández plays for the Central Español club Hull City A.F.C. and is managed by SteveBruce.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located in Welsh.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is spoken in Great Britain and English is spoken in Great Britain. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader.
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Abner is a footballer who plays for C.D.FAS.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Zawra'a SC and Al-Zawra'a SC.
Batagor is an ingredient in Siomay, a peanut sauce.
101 Helena has an average speed of 18.44 km per second and an apoapsis of 441092000.0 kilometres.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cyril Ramaphosa is the leader.
Aleksandra Kovač plays Soul music.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and Hilmi Guner.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the capital is Cape Town. The leader of South Africa is Cyril Ramaphosa and Asian South Africans are an ethnic group.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located in Wellington.
Bananaman starred Graeme Garden.
AWH Engineering College is located in Mumbai, India. Ganges is the largest city in India.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where the leader is Elizabeth II.
The Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou, French Guiana.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in the state of Karnataka. It is from Arabian Sea, India.
Barney Cakes has 1.8g carbohydrate and a protein of 1.8g.
The epoch of (66063) 1998 RO1 is November 4, 2013.
Albennie Jones is a solo singer, who plays Rhythm and blues music. The derivative of Rhythm and blues is Disco.
Alan Martin, who plays for Hamilton Academical F.C., is from Barrow A.F.C.
The comic character Bolt is created by Dan Mishkin.
Anaheim, California is the leader of the United States House of Representatives. English is spoken in Welsh.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. Switzerland's leader is Federal Chancellor of Switzerland.
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown.
Tarō Asō is the leader of Japan.
Bakewell pudding is a dish from the region of Derbyshire Dales, part of Derbyshire. Shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in Bakewell tart.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, located in Ticino, Switzerland, has 600 students and was established in 1996. Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland.
Bacon Explosion is from the United States, where Barack Obama is led by Barack Obama.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow and Valery Petrakov.
John van den Brom plays for AZ Alkmaar.
107 Camilla was discovered by F Vilas and has an orbital period of 2368.05 days. It has an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres.
The Antwerp International Airport is located in the Flemish Region and has a runway length of 600.0.
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20th January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a Fighter pilot and retired from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Anders Osborne is a record label for Alligator Records.
AEK Athens F.C. is the ground of Olympic Stadium in Athens, where Giorgos Kaminis is theMayor.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais, which is part of Parc Olympique Lyonnais and has the ground of Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, where Rome is the capital.
Allen Forrest was born on 4th February 1981 and performs Hip hop music. Drum and bass is derived from Drum and bass.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in Operation EnduringFreedom.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The runway name of Atlantic City International Airport is 4/22.
10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days.
The Dessert is Variation of Cake.
Akron is part ofSummit County in Ohio, United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by Ring of Fire II and followed by Ring of Fire II.
Trane was founded on January 1, 1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin.
The epoch date of 11264 Claudiomaccone was 26th November 2005 and has an periapsis of 296521000.0 kilometres.
John van den Brom plays for Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap.
Athens International Airport is located in Athens, Greece. The leader of the country isAlexis Tsipras.
The Violet Keystone was preceded by Castle.
Garth Nix is the author of Aenir, whose ISBN number is 1-439-17684-0.
The Audi A1 manufactured by Audi, is a subsidiary of Ducati.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, Malaysia. Its main ingredient is Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
Beef kway teow is located in Welsh, Singapore. The leader of Singapore isTony Tan.
Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway name 18R/36L.
The musical genre of Rock music is Bhangra, which originates from the country music and belongs to Blues.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia, Spain. Its main ingredient is Bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor and managed by Amar Osim.
TheAngola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, part of Luanda Province and has 159 metres above sea level in Metres.
American Journal of Mathematics was first publication in 1878 and has an issn number 1080-6377.
Airey Neave was born inKnightsbridge, London.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House were added to The National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born inConnecticut, United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare. He died in New York City.
Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Addiction and has the ISSN number 0965-2140.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11th July 1907 in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County,Maryland. It has Historic districts in the United States and is located in Monocacy National Battlefield.
Adam Koc was born in Poland, where the Polish-Soviet War was a commander of Joseph Stalin.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo, who was in office while Vice President is Atiku Abubakar.
Alan Bean was a member of Apollo 12 whose commander is David Scott.
San Sebastián de los Reyes is from Spain.
Airey Neave was born on 30th March 1979 and started his career on 30th March 1979.
John Buscema was awarded Eagle Award (comics).
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay national football team.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania and has to It West of Franklin County, Pennsylvania.
Albennie Jones plays Rhythm and blues music.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, United States.
Cornell University is affiliated with Association of American Universities and is affiliated with Association of American Universities.
Bionico is a dish from Guadalajara, Mexico. Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico whose country is led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
The ingredient of Bionico is Sour cream.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Alex Plante has a height of 1.9304].
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay. He was led by Tabaré Vázquez.
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas in the United States.
The AMC Matador is related to the AMC Ambassador.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association.
Audi is a division of Audi E-tron.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay, whose leader is Juan Afara and died in Asunción. The language spoken in Welsh isSpanish.
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine and its body style is Hardtop.
The Antares rocket was launched by Vandenberg Air Force Base in the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, associated with Minotaur IV.
1099 Figneria has an escape Velocity of 0.0155 kilometres per second.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in Chicago.
A Glastonbury Romance is written in Hardcover and has an ISBN number of 0-7156-3648-0.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma,Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, AlexanderPopov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny.
A Wizard of Mars is spoken in Welsh.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire on November 18, 1923 and died in California. He retired on August 1, 1974.
Bacon sandwich is a dish Variation of BLT, in the United Kingdom.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk in the Russian Football National League.
Alan B Miller Hall is current Tenants of Mason School of Business.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is the leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, where the United States invasion ofPanama.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the U.C. Sampdoria club and is a member of the A.C. Milan, whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in St Louis.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born inIraq.
Alan Shepard was a member of the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) and died in California.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, which is headquartered in Jinnah International Airport.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in U.S. Route 83 and has the National Register of Historic PlacesReference number 88002539.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Washington D.C. and plays blues music.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor. Sheb Al Ordon Club is the ground of Al Khor.
Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot and retired.
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and served as a Fighter pilot. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963. He is a fighter pilot whose almaMater was the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D.
Baked Alaska is from Paris, New York or Hong Kong. Its main ingredient is Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
The population Density of Attica, Indiana is 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is a 3rd Runway Surface type of Poaceae. The division of flowering plant is Fruiting Plant.
Assamiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is located at Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center and has 23 floors.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak and his home is Demak Jaya,Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. He was part of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and retired from Demak Jaya,Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak.
The American Journal of Mathematics is abbreviated to Am J Math. and its ISSN number is 1080-6377.
Abilene is part of Taylor County, Texas in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of which is Washington DC.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, where Ram Naik is the leader. The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol Pol., has an ISSN number of 1732-2421 and the LCCN number 60040714.
Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Airey Neave was a member of the Battle of France, whose career was on March 30th 1979.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and competed in Big 12 Conference. The President of the University of Texas at Austin isGregory L Fenves.
AZAL PFK has 3500 members and played in the Baku Premier League, where Qarabağ FK are the champions. Its ground is AZAL Arena.
Alan Martin was born on 1st January 1989 and plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. and has a height of 185.42 cm.
The escape Velocity of 1097 Vicia has an orbital period of 135589000.0 and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres. It has an orbital period of 135589000.0 and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres.
Bacon Explosion is from theKansas City metropolitan area in Welsh, United States.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay Olympic Football team.
Amsterdam is part of Amsterdam-Centrum.
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors.
Ampara Hospital is located in Welsh, Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a total area of 486.2 square kilometres and an area code of 505, 575. The population Density of Albuquerque is 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The epoch date of 1001 Gaussia is 27 June 2015 and has an periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres. It was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky, whose former name is 1923 OAA907 XC.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President.
Trane has a netIncome of 556300000 and its netIncome is 5264000000.
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Theresa Andersson and theresa Andersson.
Abraham S Daggett played for Battle of Cold Harbor, part of the American Civil War. The commander of the American Civil War is Robert E Lee.
Bananaman starred Bill Oddie.
TheAngola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province. It is 159 metres above sea level in Metres.
1955 Dodge is the alternative name of Dodge Coronet.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, United States. Joe Biden is the leader of the United States.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire and died in California. He was a test pilot who was retired in 1957.
Albany is part of Oregon, United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of which is Washington DC.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and led by Daniel Webster.
The Philippine Entertainment Portal is the subsidiary of GMA New Media in Quezon City.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of Red granite and white marble.
Aenir is followed by Above the Veil.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion, published by Eric Flint and has an ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer. Zamba is an art form of Zamba.
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where the capital is Rome and Laura Boldrini are leaders.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia, Spain. Water is an ingredient in water.
The main ingredient of Binignit is Sweet potato.
Akeem Dent was born on 27th September 1987 in Atlanta Falcons. He debuted for Atlanta Falcons.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located inAhmedabad, India. The leader of India is Narendra Modi and the governor is Narendra Modi.
110 Lydia was a epoch date of December 31st 2006.
The Flemish Region is led by Flemish Government.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where DanielMartínez is the politician.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California which has 75.324 square kilometres and its area total is 75.324 square kilometres.
The demonym of Mexico is Mexicans.
Alan Shepard died in California.
Buzz Aldrin was a Fighter pilot and is a fighter pilot.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California which is led by the United States House of Representatives.
Aaron Turner, who performs Black metal, is associated with Mamiffer and musician Mamiffer.
William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 in the United States and retired on September 1st 1969. He worked as a Fighter pilot, whose almaMater was AFIT, M.S. 1962.
Arròs negre is from Spain, where the leader is Felipe VI.
Atlas II originated from the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group. The leader is President of the United States.
The Premier Development League is the champions of Akron Summit Assault, which has 3000 Members and K-W United FC.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción, part of Gran Asuncion, where Juan Afara is the leader. He died in Asuncion.
Sami languages are spoken in Finland.
Alan Martin, who plays for Barrow A.F.C., is a member of the club Barrow A.F.C. and managed byBarry Ferguson.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm and played for FC Spartak Moscow. He is managed by Rashid Rakhimov.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with Kornelije Kovac.
Addis Ababa City Hall is 42 m long and the current Tenants are Government of Addis Ababa.
Ayam penyet is from Java, where Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups in Singapore.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 Members.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The Bananaman was created by Steve Bright and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor.
A Severed Wasp was written by Madeleine L'Engle.
The epoch date of (66391) 1999 KW4 was 14th September 2004 and its rotation Period is 9953.28.
Auburn is part of Washington, United States. Olympia is the capital of Washington, where Olympia is the capital.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Ariane 5 was a maiden flight on August 11th 2005.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción on 05 May 1913. He was born in Asuncion,Paraguay.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York.
110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000.0 and an orbital period of 142603000.0.
Akeem Ayers was formerly known as the St. Louis Rams who play in St. Louis, United States. He debuted with the Tennessee Titans.
Honda is a division of Acura.
Al Anderson, who was born inWindsor,Connecticut, is associated with the NRBQ band and The Wildweeds.
Albany is part of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Aaron Turner plays Electric guitar and performs Black metal. Death metal is the fusion genre of Black metal.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas.
The epoch date of (66063) 1998 RO1, formerly known as 1999 SN5, has an orbital period of 360.29 days and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.
The main ingredient of Arròs negre is Whiterice, cuttlefish or squid,cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers and its main ingredient is Cephalopod ink.
A Severed Wasp, published by the Library of CongressClassification PS3523.E55 S4 1982, has an ISBN number 0374-26131-8.
Bionico is a dish varied from Honey.
Carpi F.C. 1909 are the champions of Serie B in Welsh.
Bacon Explosion is from the United States, where John Roberts is the leader.
The main ingredient of Bionico is Chopped Fruits, Sour cream, Condensed milk, Granola, Shredded Coconut and Raisins.
The capital of London is London.
The American Motors Matador is a Mid-size car, which is assembled in Thames, New Zealand.
The AIDS journal in Welsh is from the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is led by Elizabeth II.
Abradab is a solo singer.
California is the country of the United States.
The Alhambra is built by Samuda Brothers and has a length of 63800.0 millimetres. Its power type is Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. The leader of Uruguay is RaúlFernando Sendic Rodríguez and Daniel Martinez was politician.
1955 Dodge has 230cubic inches.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) was built in Helsinki and has a ship beam of 21.2.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and has a runway length of 3078.48].
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria-Hungary and died in Styria.
The Aston Martin V8, assembled in the United Kingdom, has 5.3 litres and is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio and is manager of A.C. Cesena.
The Antwerp International Airport is owned by Flemish Government and has a runway length of 600.0.
Agra Airport is located in Welsh, India. The leader of India is T S Thakur.
Balder was created by Jack Kirby.
Giorgos Kaminis is the Mayor of Athens.
Bionico is a dish from Mexico, where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader. The dish Variation of Cookie is Cookie.
Addis Ababa City Hall is part of Addis Ababa Stadium in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. The leader of Addis Ababa is Mulatu Teshome.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States. Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago.
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for Accrington Stanley F.C. and managed byBarry Ferguson.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and worked as the deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of popular Orthodox Rally.
AceWilder was born on 23rd July 1982.
Albennie Jones was born in 1914 and plays Rhythm and blues music. He is a solo singer.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle.
The orbital period of (410777) 2009 FD was 39447000.0 and discovered by Spacewatch.
The architect of 3Arena is HOKSVE.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States. Barack Obama is the leader of the United States.
The language of Greece is the Greek language.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Oregon. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States whose capital is Washington D.C.
Antioch, California has an elevation above the Sea level of 13.0.
Andrews County Airport is 973.0 metres above sea level and has the 4th Runway Surface type Asphalt.
Live Nation Entertainment is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space.
Hypermarcas is located in Sao Paulo.
Abilene, Texas has an elevation above the Sea level of 524.0 and a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Barney Cakes is from France where Gérard Larcher is the leader.
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 Members and play in the 2014 season.
The Akron Summit Assault, managed by Denzil Antonio, has 3000 Members and is the full name of Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault.
Wiley-Blackwell is published in Welsh.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
103 Hera has an epoch date of 27th September 2011 and its periapsis is 371240000.0 kilometres.
The AIDAstella is 253260.0 millimetres long and operated by Costa Crociere. It has a length of 253260.0 millimetres and was built by Meyer Werft.
107 Camilla was discovered by E Wells and has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and died in the Russian Civil War. The commander of the Polish–Soviet War is Joseph Stalin.
Live Nation Entertainment is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. Dublin is part of Leinster, Ireland and its leader is Dáil Éireann.
Bananaman is broadcasted by BBC, London. The key person of Bananaman isTony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkhead.
Aaron S Daggett was awarded Purple Heart. He plays for Battle ofGettysburg.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington, D.C. and is part of King County in the United States.
Palm sugar is the main ingredient of Beef kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
BakedAlaska is a dessert with Sandesh (confectionery) and Christmas pudding.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
John Madin is the architect of 103 Colmore Row.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and is a member of the SV Werder Bremen II club.
Ayam penyet can be found in Java and Singapore. Its main ingredient is Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
A.C Lumezzane is located in Italy, wherePietro Grasso is the leader.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which has a Lockheed AC-130 and a McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle.
107 Camilla, discovered by E Wells, has an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres.
Asam pedas is a main ingredient in Sumatra and MalayPeninsula, Malaysia. The main ingredients are Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
The Bacon sandwich is available in the United Kingdom, where Brown sauce is an alternative name. Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin.
Adam Koc was awarded Cross of Valour in Poland.
Lee County,Alabama is the state of Alabama.
Andra is a member of the band CRBL and performs Rhythm and blues music.
Airey Neave was awarded the Territorial Decoration Award.
Airey Neave was born on 30 March 1979 in the World War II. He graduated from the Military Cross and was awarded the Military Cross.
Aaron Turner was associated with Old Man Gloom and Old Man Gloom. He plays Post metal music in 1995.
Abradab is associated with the musical artist Magik.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States.
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and worked as Socialist Party in Netherlands. He is a member of Radboud University Nijmegen.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and served as the Member of the Congress of Deputies.
Andra is a musician who plays Pop music.
Alan Shepard was born in NewHampshire, United States and died in California. He was a test pilot and died in California.
Ayam penyet is from Java, where Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups in Singapore. Halimah Yacob is led by Halimah Yacob.
The christening date ofAIDAstella was March 16th 2013.
The Adisham Hall was completed in 1927 and is designed by Tudor and Jacabian.
The main ingredient of Arem-arem is Compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings. It can be found in Javanese cuisine.
The periapsis of (66391) 1999 KW4 is 29919600000.0.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He died in St Louis.
Baymax was created by Steven T. Seagle and first Appearance in film Big Hero 6.
Agnes Kant was born in Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader. He worked for the Socialist Party (Netherlands) whose leader is Mark Rutte and its leader is Mark Rutte.
