Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He retired on 1st August 1974, and died in California. A part of NASA operates Apollo 14.
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. (corporation) is in the pharmaceuticals industry and it was founded on 1st January 2001; its key person is CEO.
L'Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States. It is part of Manhattan.
Mae, India is a part of the Ganges and it has 250 academic staff. AWH Engineering College situated in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala. Il's n-est de bharr Mahe (India), l'immense citta'd India; f'entrance vers Mahé et Mumbai.
Alan Martin played football for Clyde F.C. whose home ground is Fir Park. Alan Martin plays for Motherwell FC, which has Barry Ferguson as its manager. 
Edmund J. Davis died in Austin, Texas. 
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy. 
Alvah Sabin a member of the Whig Party (United States) whose leader is Daniel Webster and died in Sycamore, Illinois. Desidered Vermont, where Burlington is an largest city.
GMA New Media produces a World Wide Web. 
N.R. Pogson is a nationality in England. 
A Long Long Way, published by Viking Press in Ireland, is preceded by Annie Dunne. It was followed by The Secret Scripture and it was succeeded by A Long long Way which comes from Ireland. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. It has an ethnic group called African Americans and became l'Afghanistan.
A.C. Cesena play in Serie B where Carpi FC 1909 were champions. 
Andrew Rayel, a member of Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma,Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano,Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose (Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin) and Alexandra Badoi. He is associated with the musical artistArmin VanBuuren; Bobmina, Marc Sixta, Andrew Mendelson, Rashman Kovan, Martyr 
William Anders, a US national, was born on 17 October 1933 in British Hong Kong. He attended AFIT, M.S. 1962 and retired on 1st September 1969.
Bhajji, a food found in India, hails gram flour and vegetables. Il y comprise the main ingredients of Bhajji are gram glour, or legumes.
A Severed Wasp, a hardcover, has 388 pages. It has an OCLC number 8805735 and an ISBN number of 0-374-26131-8., Jurisprudence de Hardcover De Gelaware (ISBN number 0-676-81-8) et it has 38 pages.
Arabic is a language spoken in the Philippines, where they speak Arabic. 
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of the deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally, was born in Greece. He worked as an Deputy Príomhombudsman of Populoorthodox Rally., Born in Grecia, Grëigis, Adonis Gérard's officed as ad hoc parlementary spokesmann of Poporthodox rally.
A Severed Wasp, a print type, has 388 pages. It has an ISBN number 0-374-26131-8 and it is available in print.
L'Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Punjab, Pakistan. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. Shehbaz Sharif is a leader in Pakistan, where Il-Lahore (Pakistan).
Aaron Bertram played with the Suburban Legends band and is a Ska musician.
Austin, Texas y is part of Williamson County in Texas, where the largest city is Round Rock and Georgetown. Austin has a county seat i Glen-Georgetown.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a food found in the United States, which has Barack Obama as its leader. It comes from Great Britain and was télécharged in English (whose originated in Great Gran Bretagna).
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, which is in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Claude Bartolone - leaders in France, where Barny Cakes can be found. Gérard Larcher and Claude Barthone are leaders of France. 
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House, which is located on Route 83 in U.S. Route 83. It has the reference number 88002539 from the National Register of Historic Places. 
Il Delta II, which originated in the United States, is manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office. It was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. Il rocket Antares originates from the U.S. A.K.A.; it has a comparable missile antares (l'arrivée dei vandenberg air force base).
Akron Summit Assault is a full name of Akron Metro Amateur Football Club Al-Assault, which has 3000 members and was managed by Denzil Antonio. It plays in the 2011 PDL season 2011.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, which was established in 1996, has 100 academic staff. Il dean is Mario Botta. L'Académie of Archita di Mendirminio; it was eredited en 1996. It had 100 m staff and an Dean Juan Carlos Bottá. 
Austin, Texas is a part of the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. L'États-Unis n'entranont quelqu'un d'Américains and l'Ethnic group in this country. 
Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States, where Paul Ryan leads. 
L'Université 1 Decembrie 1918 n'est situata in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is a leader. La capitale dei Romania - Bucharest.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are a champions of this league. 
Andrew White is a musician whose genre is alternative rock. 
Bananaman, a first aired on 3rd October 1983, was created by Steve Bright. Bananaman had Tim Brooke-Taylor starred at STV in 1983. 
Austin, Texas a total area of 703.95 square kilometres, has l'area di land 686.0 sq km. It is 696.0 (square kilometers).
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England, where the Labour Party (UK) is a leader of Manchester.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is a leader. Il's anthem is O Canada and the Slavey language is one of its languages.
Frederick, Maryland is the location of the Monocacy National Battlefield which was established on 11th July 1907 in Frederick County (Maryland). Il '14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument has a category of Historic districts in the U.S.A., Il l o L iL eU.P.N.R.I.F.C. M.M.T. m.p.
1/19 is the runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport, which has a number of 1/19. 
A Long Long Way, which was preceded by Annie Dunne, in Ireland. It is followed by The Secret Scripture a published by Faber and Fabers. A Long long Way comes from Ireland where the White people are an ethnic group.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader. Il's capital city is Jakarta and its leader is J Muhammad Kalla. Baksco can be found there.
Attica, Indiana - part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Illinois, United States. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and its total area is 4.14 sq km.
A.C. Lumezzane, who played in the Lega Pro/A, fought in 2014 and has 4150 members. 
A Long Long Way, which was followed by The Secret Scripture, is published by Faber and Fabers. L'Irlande comes from Europe. Il y includes an ethnic group of White people in Ireland. 
Lancia Thema is the Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy. It has a straight-four engine and Lancia Mondee. Il Fiat Croma are related types of transport. 
Adam Maher was born in Diemen., Diemen is the birth place of Adam Mahers, diemen.
Il Memorial turc Martyrs, Baku, dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Il is made from red granite and white marble. 
Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, is a part of the Addis Abeba Stadium. Hailemariam Desalegn and Mulatu Teshome are leaders in Ethiopie.
Adisham Hall, architectural style of Tudor Revival, is located in Sri Lanka and it was completed in 1931.
Elliot See was born in Dallas. He graduated from University of Texas at Austin, which competed in the Big 12 Conference and is affiliated with the U.S.T.A. It has Gregory L Fenves as its president. 
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of the U.S. where African Americans are an ethnic group. It is located in Georgia (United States).
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom. 
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, Denmark, was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association., Il-Accademia de Business et Social Science at L'Aarhus Universit (Dnemark), where it was eredit on 1928.
Ajoblanco, a currency of Spain, is also known as Ajo Blanco. Ajoblanco comes from Spain and it has bread as an ingredient. 
Amdavad ni Gufa, Gujarat, India, is located in Ahmedabad. Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, vicino CEPT University, opp. Uttar Pradesh, U.R.U.L.J.I.N.A.K. A.G. I.S.
Il-S.A. California is located in the United States. 
Bionico, a type of dessert, comes from Bionico. It can be varied by Honey and it is an ingredient in the dessert. 
Elliot See, a member of NASA in 1962, died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis. He was selected by NASA en 1962.
Spanish is a language spoken in Mexico, where they speak Spanish., The language of Mexico (in Spain) comes from English.
Antioch, California a total area of 75.324 square kilometres, has l'area code 925 and it has an UTC offset of -7.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia in 1987. 
Luanda serves Luanda, l'aeroporto international Angola. It is 159 metres above sea level in Metres. 
Alvah Sabin a member of the Whig Party (United States).
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which were constructed in 1913, are located in Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 and has an architectural style of arts and Crafts. Its reference number is 87000823.
A.F.C. Fylde has 31180 members and their home ground is the Ilde. 
L'AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark, is owned by Bella Center. It has 23 floors and was tenanted by Marriott International. , L'Attendante of the AC Hotel bella Sky Copenhague in Copenhagen (Denmark) - Bella Centre. Il y hails 23 Floors per l'aetroport de Bella center.
Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County, Georgia. 
110 Lydia, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, had an orbital period of 142603000.0. Its periapsis is 377016000000,0 and its apocys was on 31st December 2006.
Adam Koc, a nationality of Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. Il y compris l'Polish–Soviet war; Leon Trotsky was an commander in polania.
A.C. Lumezzane fought in the Lega Pro 2014-15  season. 
A Glastonbury Romance, available in hardcover, has an ISBN number of 0-67156-3648-0., The ISBN Number of the book (0-7156-328-0) is 978-0--676-54-0-4.
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of the New Democracy (Greece) which has blue as its colour and was in office while Antonis Samaras became Prime Minister. Konstantinos Mitsotakis fought in his successor. 
14L/32R is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport. 
Ace Wilder, who was born in Sweden, is a solo singer. It has signed to the Warner Music Group and became an exponent of sequels.
AZAL PFK, which play in the AZAL Arena, is a member of the Azerbaijan Premier League where Qarabag FK are an champions. 
Akeem Priestley's club is FK Mughan. 
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090, India, is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It was established in 2000 and its president is B.M. Reddy. 
Adare Manor is a food found in the Republic of Ireland. 
Arlington, Texas is a part of Tarrant County in Texas, U.S. Austin and Houston are the largest city at Texas. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Singapore, where the Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups. It comes from Java. Il y compris Indonesian language and bananaמוסan peuples. 
1101 Clematis has a periapsis of 445895000000.0. 
The building of Adare Manor commenced in 1700 and it was built on 1700. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and African Americans are an ethnic group., Letz Alcatraz Versu'l Libraryans comes from the U.S. whose capital is Washington DC.
Abel Hernández played for the Uruguay Olympic football team. 
Aenir, a print publication, was written by Garth Nix. It has the OCLC number 45644811 and it is published in print.
Albany, Georgia is a part of the state of Georgia in the U.S. In which Americans are an ethnic group whose language is English.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is led by Albuquerques City Council.
Aleksandra Kovac, a pop musician, is associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač. Il's genre is Pop music. L'essor Aleksandra Koč c'est affiliated with the musical artist Bhbi Dol (Kelvinji Jovač).
Agnes Kant, a nationality of the Netherlands, is an Socialist Party (Netherlands) where Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer are leaders. Il s'agissant dei Pauvret en France, in which it has red as its colour., An Agnes Kant comes from the United States, whose leader is Mark rutte, but he represented Margu Runte.
AZAL PFK y's ground is AZAL Arena. It has 3500 members and play in the Azerbaijan Premier League, where Qarabag FK are champions. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a food found in the United States, where English is the language. 
Adam Holloway, who was born in Kent, became a Member of Parliament for Gravesham. He graduated from Magdalene College Cambridge and fought on 5th May 2005.
Allan Shivers fought in World War II and fecame a member of the Battles. 
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart, a variation of the cakewell pudding. It comes from the Derbyshire Dales and it can be varied by Bakwell Pudding.
Aaron Deer, Indianapolis, Indiana, is a solo singer whose genre is Psychedelia. He originated in Indiana (Indian).
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, London where Boris Johnson is a leader. He passed away in bintcup (London).
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay, where Daniel Martinez (politician) and Raul Fernando Sendic Rodríguez are leaders. Il y compris Spanish is the language of Uruguay.
Bananaman broadcast by STV. It is a radiodiffused by Bananaman.
3Arena owned by Live Nation Entertainment, which is located in Beverly Hills, California. 
Audi e-tron is a division of Audi, whose division is Audi. 
Aaron Turner, a Black metal musician, plays for Electric guitar and performs black metal. Death metal is an element of the fusion genre death metal.
Ayam penyet is a food found nationwide in Java, where Banyumasan people are an ethnic group and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore.
Mae is the language of Finland, where Sami is one of the languages. 
Aaron Boogaard, a member of Wichita Thunder, was born in Regina, Saskatchewan. He is 1.905 metres tall and he plays for wichita Viking.
A ethnic group in the Philippines is the Pangasinense people. 
Alan B Miller Hall, which is owned by the College of William and Mary, was constructed on 30 March 2007 in Virginia. It has a legislated on 31 March 2007.
Gordon Marsden is a leader in Blackpool, where they are managed by Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Chesterfield F.C. and FC KV Mechelen.
250 Delaware Avenue, which was constructed in janvier 2014, has 12 floors. It is architectural style of postmodern architecture and it had 12.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Randall County, Ohio in the U.S. Amériques are an ethnic group de Native Americans.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay, where Tabaré Vázquez is a leader. L'Uruguayan n'est ainmnichte dagli Uruguayans.
L'Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, New Netherland, United States. It is part of New-Netherland (United States).
Atiku Abubakar, a vice-president Mike Akhigbe, fought in office while Oladipo Diya was succeeded by AtikuAbubakar.
A Glastonbury Romance, which is available in print, has an ISBN number of 0-67156-3648-0., The ISBN Number of A Glastubury Breubrey Fiction (in print). It was published in Print.
Sara Miller McCune e's founder of SAGE Publications, which is abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q. It is published by Sage Publications. 
AIP Advances, published by the American Institute of Physics, was edited by A.T. Charlie Johnson in the U.S.A. and is a member of the United States.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County in Indiana. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and its total area is 4.14 sq km.
Abner W. Sibal, a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District, was born in Ridgewood, Queens and became part of an Republican Party (United States), where Donald J Irwin succeeded Abner W Sbal.
J.V. Jones e J V Jones wrote A Fortress of Grey Ice, ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
Led by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins is a leader in the United Kingdom, which has London as its capital and Elizabeth II. Ildistinguished le journal AIDS (journal) comes from the UK.
Albennie Jones a jazz musician. Jazz originated from blues and Afrobeat is an element of fusion genre Afrosync.
GMA New Media, a company in Quezon City, is l'industrie degli Entertainment. Ils produciscono un web Web mondiale and are subsidiary of Philippine Entertainment Portal. 
Sausage is an ingredient in Bacon Explosion which comes from the United States. , Sausage can be found in the U.S. E.E.
Aenir has an OCLC number 45644811, a ISBN number 45644531.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka, which has to its west the Arabian Sea. It's a governed by an Idirthóir Teicneolaíochta tal-Acharya.
Anders Osborne, a rock musician, is associated with Tab Benoit and Galactic. Anders Osborn plays Rock music. He has Billy Iuso et TabBenoit.
N.R. Pogson discovered 107 Camilla, which was identified by N. R.Poggson. 
At 12 metres above sea level, l'IATA is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. It has an elevation of 12.6 meters long al-livello. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Danimarca. 
Bhajji is a food found in the Karnataka region of India, where Narendra Modi and Vajubhai Vala are leaders.
Hypermarcas, a produzione dei cosmétiques, is l'industrie pharmaceutiques. L'industria farmaceutica c'est commençant le biotechnologie. 
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which comes from New York, United States. , Sponge Cake is one of the ingredients used in baked (Alaska), a food found in new York and originates from the U.S.A.
A Glastonbury Romance, a hardcover, has an OCLC number of 76798317 and an ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0. It can be found in Hardcover. , L'OCLC Number 7679817 is 76798217 (ISBN number: 0-67156-328-0).
Andrew White, whose genre is alternative rock, plays for Marry Banilow and a musician associated with artist Margry Banylow.
Il-fill Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, parent company Wolters Kluwer, is published in the United Kingdom where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders.
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans. It was télécharged in Great Britain and its language is English.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He became test pilot and died in California. Il is a student of the U.S. Navy, which hails higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal., Led by Adan Maryland, AlanShepard (born on Nov 18, 1923), fought as an American Test pilot. It had been awarded the Distinguished Service Award for the United States Navy whose
Al Anderson, a band NRBQ, became active in 1966. He is associated with The Wildweeds and has played for the band RNBQ.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. It is led by T. S. Thakur and l'Assemblée Legislative Uttar Pradesh.
Aleksandra Kovac, a solo singer, was born in Belgrade in 1972. Aleksandra Kovač's genre is pop music and became active in 1971.
3Arena a Dublin, Poblacht na Repubblica irlandaise. Críona Ní Dhálaigh is the leader of Dublin in an Republic of Ireland. It is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
Trane, a subsidiary in Ireland, was founded in La Crosse Wisconsin. Trane has 29,000 employees and is located in Dublin, Europe.
Alfredo Zitarrosa performs Milonga music. 
Abradab's background is a solo singer. 
Akron Summit Assault is a ground in Akron, Ohio, United States. In the Premier Development League, K-W United FC are champions. 
Austin, Texas is a part of Williamson County in Texas, where the county seat is Georgetown. Houston is an largest city in Austin.
(410777) 2009 FD, which was discovered by Spacewatch, has a periapsis of 882343000000.0., The celestial body known as 4107772009 FD (whose had spacewatch) has an peripopsis of 872343300000.0.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and was awarded the Purple Heart.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada. Ils faisons part of the Korean War and marching in this war. 
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090, India. It has 700 postgraduate students and it is a campus at the city of Bangalore (India).
Amdavad ni Gufa located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. In India is led by Narendra Modi and an Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly.
Anders Osborne, a rock musician, is associated with Tab Benoit and TabBenoit. He played for the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars.
Al Asad airbase Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force. It has a runway length of 307,48.
Drew Caldwell is a leader of Brandon, Manitoba.  Feu's leaders are Drew Calwell.
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army and was a member of the army. 
Andra, a Rhythm and blues solo singer, performs rhythm and Blues. Disco derives from disco.
The Atlas II, a diameter of 3.04 m, was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36. It originates from the U.S. A.C.; it had its final flight on March 16th 1998., Atlas II originated in the United States, has an diametre of 3.3.04m, operated by vandenberg air force base and Falcon Lock 36. Its final voyage was on Mar 16, 1998.
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen II and VfL Wolfsburg. He formerly a member of SV Weder Brebner II. 
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown., The birth place of Adam McQuid, a person whose Lieu-Charlottetown, belongedإلي.
A.C. Chievo Verona, which play in Serie A, is a member of the Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi and has their home ground at Stadio Marco Antoni bentegodis. 
Izmir, Turkey was inaugurated on 27 July 1932. It is located in Izmir (Turquie).
Albuquerque, New Mexico, a part of New mexica. It has an area density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre and its area code is 505, 575. Il y includes 486.2 sq km/l. L'Albaquierque (New Mexico) ha un total area of 490.9 sq Km.
Buzz Aldrin, a Glen Ridge, New Jersey, was born in Glen- Ridge. He attended 52.0 minutes in space and fought in Space 52 minutes long. It was part of Apollo 11.
Ay Wilder was born in Sweden on 23rd July 1982. He is a solo singer and he became active in 1981., Born in Stockholm on 7th October 1982, Ace-Wilder began saing en 1982.
In the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group, there are native americans. 
Walter Baade, a national of Germany, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He graduated from the University of Gottingen. Walter baade was an Alma mater in Göttingen.
L'1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba Iulia, Romania, where the leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. L'université dei 1 Decreti 1918 (Iulia) situate sa Ta' Bucharest. Il y a national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române!.
Massimo Drago played for Delfino Pescara 1936 and plays for the club Dolfo Pescar 1936. 
AIDAstella, owned by Costa Crociere, is operated by AIDA Cruises in Germany. It is located in Germania and operates it as l'Operating operator of the Aida Cruise Line. 
Aaron Deer, whose genre is Psychedelia, plays guitar as a guitar.
Alessio Romagnoli played at the A.C. Milan, where Siniša Mihajlović is a member of the Italian national under 17 football team. Il's chairman is Silvio Berlusconi.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II, where Chiang Kai-shek was a commander. Il y served in the United States Army.
Agustin Barboza, a put in Asunción, Gran Asuncion. Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay where he has an ethnic group called Mestizo. Agustin Barboz was born in Buenos Aires (part of gran Asunciones).
Albany, Georgia is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the U.S.A. where African Americans are an ethnic group.
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16 000 students. Il y a school is located in Olanda, Danemark. L'université debba essere mbunaithe in 1927.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines, where Chinese Filipino are an ethnic group. 
Marv Wolfman a was awarded Eagle Award (comics).
Il-Aviation Forces United States, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom, operates Al Asad airbase. Il-Federal McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle and Lockheed AC-130 are a aircraft fighter.
L'Université 1 Decembrie 1918 s'inscrit in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is a leader. It is led by Prime Minister of Romania. Il y l'université «1 Dicembre 1918» n'est situated dans la Roumanie.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated to the U.S.T.A. and has died in St Louis.
Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with Sc.D in 1963. In 1963, William Anders is the backup pilot at Apollo 11 which operated by NASA.
L'At Antwerp International Airport, which serves the city of Brussels, is owned by Flemish Region. L'Operating organisation for l'Allemish Department of Mobil Mobility and Public Works, operated by an aetroport international tenant de la Flèche region.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, located in Madrid, Spain, is 610 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 3500.0 and it is 610.0 meters long.
A.S. Roma, a full name Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A and it plays in the Serie A 2014-15. It has 70634 members. 
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., has an ISSN number 1588-2632 and an LCCN number 83645315., LCCN Number 86463315, Acte Mathematics Humicura (abbrv.
Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II leads. 
Lockheed Martin - manufactured Atlas II, which was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., L'Atlas II (Manufactured Hong Kong Martin) is operated by Lockheed Marnell and it had its launch site at Cape CAveral air force Station.
Bacon Explosion s'inscrit in matière de main course. Bacon is an ingredient in bacon and it is part of the Main course.
Alan Frew performs rock music which originated from country music and originates from Rock music.
Alan Bean, a member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 by David Scott. He was born in Wheeler, Texas, United States and is now retired.
John Cowper Powys e's author Wolf Solent, a was written by John Cowpers Poblanco. 
Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II leads an AIDS journal. 
Arlington, a part of Tarrant County, Texas. Fort Worth and Houston is the largest city in Texas.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. It is a academic discipline of Computer Science and it has an ISSN number 1046-8188., The Associazione לעסקים concerning Computer Sciences (abbreviation: AMC Trans-Inf.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company on May 1950-August 1956. It is 17068.8 millimetres long, it has 12 cylindres and a V12 engine.
 Potter County, Texas is a state in Texas. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, U.S.A. In the United States, where English is one of the languages spoken.
Abel Hernandez, whose club is Central Espanol, plays for Peñarol. He has a member of the Hull City A.F.C. and was managered by Steve Bruce.
Addis Ababa City Hall, a 42 m l'hauteur is 42m. It has the current tenants of the Government of Addis-Ababa and its current Tenants are governed by it. 
Acura is a division of Honda, where Honda's division is Acura. 
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, Denmark, was established in 1928. It is affiliated with the European University Association. Il y have 737 academic staff but it has 16 000 students., Il l'Accademia de Business-et Social Science at Asservator Odisseu (in 1928). L'universita's ered by an Essociazione Universitafricaراطأوروبя. J'y hails 12 000 student
The Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels., A1 devrait être assemblé en Audi, Bruxelles.
The Turkish Martyrs' Memorial in Baku is located in Azerbaijan, a dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner as Artur Rasizade.
Atlanta, which has a total area of 347.1 square kilometres, has an area code 404, 678, 470 and its population density is 1299.0 inhabitants per sq km.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a Nigerian born in Niger State, worked as Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria).
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the overland Campaign and fecame part of the Overland. 
The Battle of Fredericksburg was part of the American Civil War conflict. 
Poaceae, a class of Monocotyledon, is the 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) surfaced by Poaceae. 
L'AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors, was designed by 3XN. It is owned by Bella Center and tenant by Marriott International. Il y a had 23 Floors in Copenhagen. , L'Attendant of the AC hotel Bella Sidney Copenhagen (il Proprietor Bella Centre), l'architected by 3,XN; it hails 23 pianos en Copenhagen.
Abilene, Texas is part of Taylor County, Ohio in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Anaheim, California - laissez-passer Anaheim (L.S.), l.s. is a leader of the United States House of Representatives which is part of New York Congress.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv, which is managed by Oleh Luzhny. Il y a member of FC Samtredia whose ground is l'Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium. , Aleksandre Groli was attached to FCAlady Lok-Lviv (il gestionnaire OlahLuzhny). He formerly clubs include FC Malayjia, it has their home ground at Erosi
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Ohio in the United States. Washington D.C. La capitale degli Stati Units - Washington DC. Il y hails an ethnic group from the U.S. Asian Americans and Albany can be found in it.
The Memorial of Baku Turkish Martyrs is made from red granite and white marble. 
Aenir was followed by Above the Veil, which is written in English. It has a language spoken in english. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is the leader. Ayam Penyet comes from Java and has an ethnic group of Banyumasan people.
Meyer Werft built the AIDAstella, which was designed by Meyer Werfl. 
Aenir, a sequel to Castle (novel) Into Battle. It was followed by The Violet Keystone and it was preceded by the novel Castle. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, a full name of Agremiação Sicura're. It has 17000 members and is 16,000 member. 
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas. He graduated from UT Austin, B.S. 1955 and fought as a test pilot. David Scott commanded Apollo 12.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where the leader is Tabaré Vázquez and Daniel Martínez. Il y's leaders are called Uruguayans.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States, where Americans are known as americans. 
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for PAS Tehran F.C., and his club is PAS Taheran FC. 
L'Alhambra, a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes, is located in Deptford. L'Albubra has l'Alawbra as its power type. 
Trane, a 29,000 employs, has revenue of 10264000000, and net income is $556,300,000. Trane's total number of employments are 29000.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, Illinois, United States. He died in New Mexico Territory.
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC, was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky. It has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 km and its epoch date is June 27th 2015.
Chinabank, which was founded in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands, is a public company. Chinabank comes from the insular Gouvernement des Philippines.
Bakso a food found in China, Indonesia. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia, where one of the languages spoken is Indonesian., Barroso comes from China and originates from Chinese cuisine.
Binignit includes sweet potato, which is a division of the Flowering Plant., Mae grange can be found in Binignit and it's an ingredient for binignit.
Alex Plante, a member of Anyang Halla, was born in Manitoba in 1989. He played football for Asang halla and is part of the club Jurisprudence (Manitoba).
Agnes Kant risiede in the Netherlands. 
Adenan Satem graduated from the University of Adelaide and attended l'Université D'Adelaide. 
Ajoblanco, aménagé in Andalusia, Spain. Ajoblanco comes from the Andalusian region and it is led by Susana Diaz. Felipe VI de Spagna.
Alkmaar Zaanstreek, AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and played in 2014.
Agra Airport is located in India. It is operated by the Indian Air Force and has VIAG an ICAO Location Identifier of Agra.
Il-journal AIDS (journal) is a academic discipline of HIV. Il-il-l-ol-or-retrovirinae, y compris the parental dei HIV.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria, where Doris Bures is a leader. He died in Graz. Il y compris the Austrian German tedesco., Il l'Austria (il o Ist) fought in Inst. Defeadh deffected from Austria al-Albanien German.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is manager of Christian Panucci, who plays for Genoa C.F.C. and Real Madrid FC. 
The ground of A.F.C. Fylde is located at The Fylda. 
Chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which has chorizo as one of the ingredients. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the U.S.T.A. and died in St Louis.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where Houston is the largest city., L'aerfort municipal Andrews can be found in Austin, Illinois, U.S.A. He has Houston as one of its grandes città.
Alvah Sabin a fought in Vermont, where Burlington is the largest city and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He began his active years on March 4th 1853; became part of Vuarmont's 3rd Congressional District. Il y defhill Binurlington (Illinois).
Dodge Coronet - un body style de hardtop. It has a V8 engine, an alternative name of the 1955 Dodge coronet. 
Bandeja paisa - a food found in the Paisa region of Colombia. L'ingrédients de Bandeja paisa are limon, l'ordine Rosids et la Rutaceae. Il y compris le rutaceae and it is part of the paese region. 
Atlantic County, New Jersey is located in the U.S.A.
L'Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. It has a runway name of South Runway.
Albennie Jones performs rhythm and blues, which originated from blues. Rhythm and Blues is a stylistic origin of blues.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States and died in New York City. He worked as a U.S. Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. John N Dempsey succeeded Abraham A'r Ribcoff, whose successor was JohnN dempseye.
Aleksandr Chumakov played football for FC Torpedo Moscow, which was managed by Valery Petrakov. Aleksandr Tukmanov is a chairman of FC Turmakov who play in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League.
Aleksandr Prudnikov, a member of FC Kuban Krasnodar, was born on 24 February 1989. He played for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kovan krasnodar. , Aleksandr Pudnikov (born on Feb 24th 1989) formerly plays football for the FC Bakun Klurasnodar.
Abel Caballero, a Ponteareas in Spain, was born in Galicia (Spain).
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Ohio, in the United States. Ils include l'ethnic group called Native Americans and are an ethnic group there. 
Binignit contains sweet potato and banana. Il contiene granturni, a main ingredient in binignit; c'est particolarement bénéficiant dei bananas. 
Olympo Diya e Oladipo Diya preceded Mike Akhigbe. 
Albert B. White, a married Agnes Ward White who was born in Marietta, O.Ohio, and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He was succeeded by William M.O. Dawson (born in Bloomington), Maryland.
Il-Dipartiment Gettysburg, Pennsylvania is located in Adams County. Il-dipartiment de Franklin County (Pennsylvanie), a to its southeast of Carroll County, Maryland.
Austin, Texas is part of Travis County, Kansas in the U.S. A.Y. Austin originates from America.
Arròs negre is a food found in Spain, where saquid is an ingredient.
Allan Shivers, a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and was succeeded by Ben Ramsey.
Addiction (journal) a abbreviated to Addiction, has an ISSN number of 0965-2140. It is in the academic discipline of Aspartism and it should be considered as part of ASPart.
Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He served as a test pilot and operated by NASA.
Il Memorial turc Turk Martyrs' memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where Huseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner was designed by Hüseyin Butuner et Halimi Güner. , Türk Şehitleri Anıtı - the native name of Baku Turkish Martyre Repubblica Azerbaïdjan.
Wiley-Blackwell is the publisher of Addiction journal. 
Lancia Thema is a related means of transport to the Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, where Rome's capital is Rome. 
1101 Clematis, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, has a periapsis of 445895000000.0., 11 Decd 2006. It is l'emasquata dei 1st ديسمبر 2006 and it has the apopsisis of 45585000000,0. 
Led by David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders in the United Kingdom, which has London as its capital. It is also home to AIDS (journal).
(66063) 1998 RO1 a epoch date of 4th November 2013, it has an escape velocity of 0.0999 km per sec. It has the époch 31st December 2013.
Anaheim, California a total area of 131.6 square kilometres, is 48 metres above sea level. It is 121.6 sq km and it has an elevation of chlár 48.
Airey Neave, which fought in World War II, began his career on 30th June 1953. He became active period on 31st May 1953.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in New Britain, Connecticut and married to Ruth Ribcoff. He is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans. 
250 Delaware Avenue located in the United States, where John Roberts is a leader. Il y compris African Americans are an ethnic group of the U.S. J. Roberts hails l'U.R.
Siomay, a variation of Shumai, can be varied by Siumay. 
L'Arctech Helsinki Shipyard Helsinki built l'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, which has a 21.2 m long ship beam. 
Alfons Gorbach, a married in Imst, Tyrol, Tirol. He died in Graz.
Binignit, a food found in the Philippines, is made of sweet potato and banana. Il's main ingredients are banana.
Stuart Parker, a manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, is attached to Irlam Town FC and he plays for SC KV Mechelen.
Philippe of Belgium is a leader in Belgium, where Philippe de Belgium. 
A.D. Isidro Metapan, which has 10000 members, can be found in the Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez and it has 10 000 members. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where Daniel Martinez is a politician. Il's leader is Daniel Martínez (politician).
Aleksandr Prudnikov является членом ФК Аleksandr Poudnikov и он играет в Чемпионате Италии по футболу Валенсия. 
Amsterdam- Centrum is a part of Amsterdam-Centre. 
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Artur Rashizade. 
The Antares rocket, manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, was launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It had its maiden flight on 21 April 2013.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., The Acte Matamaitica Hungaria (abbrv. It's apobbreviation of Act A Math.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States, where Richard J Berry is a leader. It is governed by Albuquerques City Council (United States).
Led Claude Bartolone is a leader in France, where Barny Cakes can be found. Laissez-moi tabhairt susceptible to make saponge cake. Ld 'Barny cakes peuvent être confectionnés en France (led by Gérard Larcher).
L'Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Milan, is a related means of transport to the Fiat Croma. Il y assembler en Milan.
E. Wells discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006. It has a periapsis of 479343000.0 km and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 km.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is headquartered at the Four World Trade Center. 
Ajoblanco, a bread, almonds, garlic, water, oil and olive oil. Ajoblanco comes from Andalusia in Spain. It is also known as Ajo Blanco. Il y includes Bread, allmonds (arlic), uisge, oligo-olótto).
(66063) 1998 RO1 a epoch date of 4th November 2013, it has an orbital period of 360.29 days and an apoapsis is 254989570.60815 km. It had an escape velocity of 0.0999 km/s per sec., The celestial body known as (660631998 RO1) hails l'épopsia on 3rd April 2013. It has the density of 0.01999 kilometres per second, an
Alan Frew, a solo singer, performs rock music. Rock music originated from blues and country music but bhangra is an element of the fusion genre debhogra.
Hypermarcas, a company in São Paulo, is i produzione of Pharmaceuticals. It has 10252 impieciens and an revenue of 1800000000. Mantecorp hails net income of 108,600,000.
A Wizard of Mars, published in hardcover, was written by Diane Duane. It has an OCLC number 318875313 and an ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Enseignement Tecnico, Mumbai. Il y s'agissant de la International Tennis Federation.
Abel Hernandez, whose club is Peñarol, plays for Central Espanol. He played football for U.S. Città di Palermo and Penarol. 
Pietro Grasso - leader in Italy, where A.C. Lumezzane's ground is located. 
The AIDAstella was christened on 16 March 2013 and it was sainted on the 16th of March 2013.
Airbus Group is the parent company of Airbus Defence and Space, which manufactured Ariane 5., Aiarienne 5 was made by Aircraft defence et Space (parent company: Boeing Group).
Livorno Calcio S.p.A. L.S. Livorno, which has 19238 members, is a home ground at Stadio Armando Picchi and in the 2014-15 Serie B.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and is available in print. It has an OCLC number 51969173 and an ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., is in the academic discipline of math and it has an ISSN number 0236-5294., L'injonction deontologie académatique de la Matamaitica (abbrv. Acti Math.
Born in Windsor, Connecticut, Al Anderson was a member of the band NRBQ. He became active in 1966 and is associated with The Wildweeds.
The AIDAluna is a ספינת-crocier Sphinx class. 
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000.0 and l'esposizione totale de 110Lydia. 
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe leads Sri Lanca, where an currency is the shri Lankan rupee.
Alvah Sabin, a member of the Secretary of State of Vermont, was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce. 
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090. It is a campus at In Solvanahalli (Acharya) Dr Sravarja Palrjudicini Way, Hargrettura Mainroad, Bangalore – 562090., The campus of the Institute of Technology Echarya's campus is Infermal Assembly, Agrad Asadra Dr Savarji Lal hadhya Pradesh
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore, where they are beef kway teow and Indonesia. 
Abilene, Texas - 524.0 metres above sea level. It has a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and its total area is 286.5 sq km. Its area code is 325.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington, in the United States where Washington D.C. is the capital and Auburn was a part.
18R/36L is the runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport. 
Alan Martin played football for Clyde F.C. whose ground is Broadwood Stadium and has Barry Ferguson as its manager.
Anaheim, California - part of Orange County, CA. Anaheim is led by the United States House of Representatives which are located in the U.S.
Frank de Boer's manager of AFC Ajax, which is managed by Frank De Boer. He plays for l'Ajax Youth Academy.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Illinois. Il y a county seat is Opelika and it is in the U.S. A's ethnic group there are Native Americans.
James Craig Watson, a nationality of Canada, discovered 103 Hera., Il-Canadian born James Craig (Watson) was an American in Canada.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is a part of the United States. It is led by Barack Obama and it is governed by Albuquerques City Council. Ily are leaders in the U.S. where English is one of its languages and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, Greece. He worked as Minister for Health and belongs to the Minister of Health.
At located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. It is part of the U.S. Aetroport Regional Airport Alpena which is situated within Wilson township (Alpena).
Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy, which has a Chicken. 
N.R. Pogson, Nottingham, was born in Connecticut and has an epoch date of December 31st 2006. It was discovered 107 Camilla which is on 31 December 2006.
Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar - director of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Soldevanahalli, Abh Pradesh Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road (Birmingham – 560090)., D.R.G.P. R.S. M.Acharya International Institute de Technology is located in soldevanagari, Awji Dr Sravarja Palrj Kumarkar / Harbrjahtega Main
Baymax played in the film Big Hero 6.
Albany, Georgia is a part of Dougherty County,Georgia in the U.S. Americas are an ethnic group de Native Americans and where Albany is situated.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and serves the city of Amsterdam. It has a runway name 06/24 Kaagbaan, an length de 2014.0 km. 
Abilene, Texas is part of Texas.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce et al. It has 512 pages and is published in E-Book., EricFlint (Virginia De Marce) et Al. wrote 1634:The Ram Revilion), which has 511 pages, it was a media type of E book.
Alderney Airport serves Alderney and is served by Alderny.
Alvah Sabin, who was born in Georgia, Vermont. He graduated from the 3rd Congressional District ofVermont and worked as a Secretary of State of VMont. Il's largest city is Burlington.
Aaron Turner e's black metal musician. He is a member of the House of Low Culture and became associated with Mamiffer, massima band. A musical fusion of Black metal is Death metal.
Gary Cohn created Bolt (a comic character), Paris Cullins, and Gary Cuohn. 
Batagor, a variation of Siomay, peanut sauce. Il y compris Batagor and Peanut sausage is an ingredient in it. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc, Illinois. It was founded in the U.S.A. where AIDAluna owns l'AIDA Cruises., Due Douglas R Oifigian as n-I.C. L.L. I.N.Y. E.J. S.E. (founded In Illinois) i USA. A chiffred clef de DouglasR Ober
Albany, Georgia is a part of the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group. Albany (Georgia) is in the U.S. J.A. L.R.L. Y.Y.Il.I.E.J.F.
Sandesh (confectionery) e Sandesh is an ingredient in Baked Alaska. Il y compris sandesh and Christmas pudding. 
Ajoblanco, a derivative name is Ajo Blanco, originates from Andalusia in Spain. Ajoblanco's ingredient is water.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas, is operated by ENAIRE. It has a runway name 18R/36L and its length is 3500.0.
Airey Neave, a fought in the World War II and was awarded the Military Cross. He ended his career on 30th March 1979.
The Ariane 5 had a maiden flight on 11 August 2005, and its first voyage was on August 11, 2005.
Dan Mishkin created Bolt (comics character) and was a creator of Dan Mishki. 
Atlas II originated in the United States., The Atlas II originates from the U.S.A..
The Apollo 14 was operated by NASA. 
Alan Frew is a member of the Glass Tiger band and plays for Black Tiger. 
Alan Bean a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA. He had Alfred Worden as backup pilot, David Scott and he attended 100305.0 minutes in space.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, part of the community of Madrid. 
Julius Springer, founded by Julius. It is the publisher of Acta Mathematica Hungarica which was published by Harvard Science+Business Media. 
Baymax, created by Duncan Rouleau and Maya Rudolph, is a character in Big Hero 6 (film) which starred Maya Rutdolph.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al-Khor Sports Club in Al Khor. Il-L-Ajr, al Shorta SC, is a member of Al shorta Sc.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain. It is a typical language of the U.S. In which one of its languages is English.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio a Ticino, Switzerland was established in 1996. It has 600 students and is led by Johann Schneider-Ammann. L'Académie deistruzione di Mendirjio f'Ticino (Switzerland).
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which is located at AsiloMar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California, has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places. 
 Rodrigo Duterte is a leader of the Philippines, where Rodrigu Duitleri is president. 
A Wizard of Mars is a language in English.  
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akit, Japan. It is part of the Jōst-At-Région de Ikita. Il y have an ethnic group called Filipinos and it is situated in Japan.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level. 
Aaron Turner, a Black metal musician, is associated with Greymachine and Twilight band. He plays Electric guitar in black metal. Death metal comes from the dark metal genre.
Arrabbiata sauce is a Roma in Italy, it includes chili pepe. Il main ingredients areTomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil.
Aleksandre Guruli played for AS Lyon-Duchère and FC Karpaty Lviv. He formerly plays for SC Lyon Duchere.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl is a full name of A.S. gubbiO 1910 in Italy, y has 5300 members. 
James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada, discovered 103 Hera on 27th July 2011, and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Andrews County Airport serves Andrews, Texas. It is 973.0 metres above sea level and it has a runway name 11/29. Its length is 896.0., 11/29 is the name of l'Atroport Owens (located in Texas) which rives depuis 973,0 meters al-dessus laj.
L'Audi A1, manufactured by Audi, is related to the SEAT Ibiza and Volkswagen Polo. Il y compris similar types of transport cars such as VW Polo.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., where the AIDAluna was powered by l'Applet Luna. 
Alison O'Donnell, a folk music of Ireland, began performing in 1963. He is associated with Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet. She was signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is a leader. Il's national anthem is O Canada and it is led by Victoria II.
Addiction (journal) - abbreviated to Addiction, is a member of the LCCN number 93645978. It has an ISSN number 1360-0443.
Gruppo Bertone, Turin, Italy, is a Gruppo Bertoni in Torino. It was designed by the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé. 
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which comes from France, United States or China. 
The Acura TLX, a type of luxury vehicle, is assembled at Marysville Auto Plant. It has an front-engine layout and Honda K engine.
Adisham Hall, Haputale, Sri Lanka, is architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian. It is situated in Hatturale (Sri Lanka).
Beef kway teow, which is a food found in Singapore and Indonesia. It has palm sugar as its main ingredients: Kway Teow (led by Singapore), beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shreed, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, opperr oyster sórt, soya סווי'), chilli and sesame oil.
 1097 Vicia, which has a temperature of 171.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 511592000.0 (kilometres). Its escape velocity is 0.0112 km per sec. It hails fretta de 171 Kelvins and it had an apsis di 5115992000,0 km. 
Robert A M Stern - architect of Alan B. Miller Hall, a tenant dei Mason School of Business and was designed by Robert A.M Stern. 
Buzz Aldrin, a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA in 1963. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Sc.D. 1963 and became an fighter pilot. William Anders is the backup pilot at Apollo 11.
Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow, which is managed by Valery Petrakow. 
Atlas II originated in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans and is led by President., The Atlas II originates from the U.S. which has a leader title: President.
10 Hygiea, formerly known as A900 GA, has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and it was l'empoisd 31st June 2015.
Il-S. Gubbio 1910 s'inscrit in Italy, where the capital city is Rome and its leader is Sergio Mattarella. Il-home ground A.S.
Agustin Barboza, who was born in Asunción, Paraguay. Juan Afara is a leader in Buenos Aires. Il y compris l'ethnic group de Mestizo and the Spanish language is one of its languages.
Binignit includes the main ingredients of sweet potato, which is part of the Solanales order. 
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Dinamo Batumi, whose manager is Levan Khomeriki. He formerly clubs include FC Samtredia and Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium.
The Acura TLX, manufactured by Honda, has a Inline-four engine., AcuraTLX (made in Honda) is inline four engine.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. Y's ethnic group there are Asian Americans and it is a member of the U.S.
Hugh Hazzard is the full name of Bozo the Iron Man, which can be known as Huszard. 
Lerney serves Alderney, l'arrivée deargney. La 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733.0.
Antioch, California is 13 metres above sea level. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hilario Pérez. 
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan. 
Al Anderson, a member of the band NRBQ, plays guitar in Rock music. Desidered rock music which originated from blues and originates from bhangra.
Aurakles, a alternative name of Aurakles, was created by Len Wein. It is also known as Aarusles. 
Attica, Indiana is part of Indiana where the capital is Indianapolis. Attica is in Indiana whose capital city is New Zealand. 
10 Hygiea, which has a temperature of 164.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 (kilometres) and its surface area is 837080.744 square kilometres. Il y s'avrebbe temperatura de 164 Kelvins.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York. 
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, which is a destination in Belgium. Philippe de Belgium leads Belgio. 
Buzz Aldrin, a United States national, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He is married to the U.S.A.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is a leader in Pakistan.  Anwarzaheer jamali and an war Zanwar Jalali are leaders of Pakistan.
Arròs negre is a grantur de Catalonia, in Spain. Il y contains saquid as an ingredient.
3Arena, located at East Link Bridge, is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and owns Live nation Entertainment. 
English is a language spoken in the Republic of Ireland, where English is one of the languages. 
Buzz Aldrin was a national of the United States, which is led by Joe Biden. In Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey, operated Apollo 11 and William Anders as backup pilot.
John van den Brom, a member of De Graafschap, is manager of AZ Alkmaar. He plays for Vitesse Arnhem and de Gra Afschap.
Alan Shepard, who died in California, has fossils such as Solodon. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy., L'American Navy is an American Navy and he passed away in CA, where one of the asteroids can be found: Solanodon (il defeadh).
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957 and retired on 1st August 1974., Born on the 18th of May 1923 en New-Hampshire; he graduated from WWC with an m.a.m. In 1957, Alan shepard became part of RSN. A.M.E.
San Sebastian de los Reyes is a food found in Spain. 
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo are leaders. Il'y compris Jakarta as its capital.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, successor by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Tab, succeeded Olau Al-Maul.
11264 Claudiomaccone, a periapsis of 296521000.0 km, has an epoch date 26 November 2005, and it has the celestial body known as 31 November 2005.
Bacon sandwich, which can be found in the United Kingdom, is also known as Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, an rasher Sandwich, ban sanger, piece-n-bacon, bocon cob, bcon barm, macon muffin. It comes from the U.K. and it has brown sauce.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has a runway name of 4/22 and it can be found in the U.S.A.
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow, which was managed by Valery Petrakov. It is part of the 2014-15 Russian Premier League in Russia. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland on 9 September 1995. He is a member of the year 9th July 1995 and began his birth date 09/09/1905.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is a politician. Elizabeth II is the leader of which j'ai l'Elizabeth II.
Appleton, Wisconsin serves Appleton. Appletone is part of Kimberly and Little Chute in Wisconsin. Il y includes appleton International Airport which provides the city of Appletan.
Attica, Indiana is part of Indiana, in the United States. It is a member of the U.S.A.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Ohio in the U.S. A.R.A. and Benton County (Oregon).
Addis Ababa, Addis-Ababa Stadium y is a l'Ethiopie, where the leader is Mulatu Teshome., Didis Adab si rassembled all'Itiopie (led by Walitu Tehome).
Aleksandr Prudnikov played football for FC Dynamo Moscow, where Rashid Rakhimov is the manager. He formerly a member of FC Terek Grozny whose home ground are located in Goszny. Il y rassembled at FC Spartak Moscou; l'arrivée dei FC Dinamo Moscu.
Beef kway teow, a food found in Singapore and Indonesia. It is where the main ingredients are: Kway Teow; beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shreed, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, orsoyster sago, soya sesame oil.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an OCLC number 78771100., The OCTO number Alcatraz Versu the Labyrinth Libraryans is 77151100 and it has ISBN number 87877.1100.
General Dynamics Electric Boat which is located in Groton, Connecticut. It has a 3.8 m long ship beam and it was built by General Dynamic S Inc.
Bhajji is a food found in India, where T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders. 
Hypermarcas, which was founded on 1st January 2001, is a pharmaceutical company in Brazil. It has 238.8 population density of 23.8.
The United States Air Force, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom, operates Al Asad airbase. Lockheed AC-130 and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon are a aircraft fighter.
Il-Administration Civil Aviation Pakistani a governed by Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab, Pakistan. Il-príomhchlár is l'Atroport Jinnah (il-Ijnan). L-Osservatorio Provincial de la PPunjab; il-hpháirt all-Saskatchewan operates an IATA.
Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital. Bacon Explosion comes from. Paul Ryan and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there. 
London is the capital of the United Kingdom where London is its capital.  Lenmark is la capitale in the U.K., which has London as an capital.
Joden, Godenblanco is a nickname of AFC Ajax (amateurs) 'Jen,GodenXN., John, Gottenwyser is the name of Jiden, Gosendnikov. 
Adam Koc, a polacco-Soviet War in Poland. Adam Koc fought in the Polish–Soviet war; Joseph Stalin was i commander in Polonia.
 Dublin is a part of the Republic of Ireland., Dublin (in Repubblica irlandais).
10 Hygiea, which has an epoch date of 27 June 2015, has a escape velocity of 0.21 km per sec. It is 164.0 kelvins and its apoapsis is 523951582.33968 (kilometres).
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where Austin is the capital and Houston is one of the largest city.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where it is situated.
Aaron Turner, a member of the band Lotus Eaters, is associated with Isis. He has collaborated with Is and Liens.
Alison O'Donnell started active in 1963. He is a folk musician, he was associated with Mellow Candle and Head South By Weaving. She began his musical genre en 1963.
Adonis Georgiadis a was in office while Antonis Samaras became Prime Minister and Konstantinos Mitsotakis successor. 
L-IATA Turkmenistan Airlines operates Ashgabat International Airport, which is located in Ashbagt. It has a runway name 12R/30L and its length is 2989.0. L-I'r at 211 metres above sea level.
Alessio Romagnoli played for UC Sampdoria. He is a member of A.C. Milan, which has Siniša Mihajlović as its manager. 
Abradab performs hip hop music where Gangsta rap is a sub genre. Drum and bass are derivatives of Hip Hop music, which comes from gangsta Rap.
Athens, a governed by Giorgos Kaminis, is the home ground of AEK Athens F.C. They are located in Athens, whose maid is Giorgo Kamini. 
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. Its main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Andrew White is a musician of alternative rock, which has Nu metal as an ingredient in fusion genre nu metal. 
Aenir, which preceded by Castle (novel) is a sequel to Above the Veil in Australia. It was followed by Aenur and Australians. 
Alfred Garth Jones, who was born in Manchester, where the Labour Party (UK), died in Sidcup. London is led by The European Parliament.
Adam Koc, a nationality of Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. J'Joseph Stalin commanded Adam Koc (in Poland), became part of the Kashubian language.
Alan Shepard died in California. 
Bandeja paisa, a food found in the Antioquia Department of Colombia. Bandeja paisa comes from the region of Argentina. Il y comprise keidney bean is an ingredient in bandeja Paisa.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of poaceae and it has a length of 877.0., L'Alderney airport, which has an impressive surface of Poaceae, had l'embranchement de 7,77.0.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, which has a wheelbase of 2160.0 millimetres, was produced in 1958. It has an coupe body style de two door coupé and its straight-four engine. 
Alex Day performs Synthpop, which originated from New Wave music and has its stylistic origins in new wave music. 
Aleksandra Kovac, a solo singer, was born in Belgrade in 1972. Aleksandra Kovač's genre is rhythm and blues. Desidered performer Rhythm and Blues.
1036 Ganymed has a temperature of 160.0 kelvins. 
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow, which is managed by Valery Petrakov. Il's club devrait formerly a member of the FCTorpedo Municipality whose manager is Valeryl Petrakow. 
L'11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It has Franklin County to its west and Frederick County (Maryland).
Adisham Hall - Haputale, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader in Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and it has an currency of the Sini Lankan rupee.
A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members and a number of members. 
Arròs negre is a roccia, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. Arròs Negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain. Il main ingredients are white rice, cubtainfish and squetchup, celestial body cornupod intok (Cubanelle Peppers).
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the Mayor. It is governed by an Municipality. 
Andrews serves the city of Andrews, Texas., L'aerfort dei citta' Andrewse is served by Andrewsi, Tex.
Adenan Satem was the successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud. 
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., which has Douglas R Oifigian as its key persona. 
The Alfa Romeo 164 is classed as a executive car. 
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres. 
Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Cornell University (New York), affiliated with the Association of American Universities and it has its publishers Administrative Science Quarterly.
Andrew White started active in 2003 and was a member of the B-Unique Records. He is associated with Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs. Andrew White's record label is Polydor Records, which began performing in 2003.
Adam Koc, who was born in Congress Polonia Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. Adam Koc became part of the Russian Civil War and Joseph Stalin as a commander. 
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico, a dessert. Il y compris granola and Granola are as one of the ingredients. 
Inuktitut is a language of Canada where Inuktitun is the language. 
The Antares rocket, manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, had its maiden flight on 21 April 2013 and it was launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It has its final flight 28th October 2014.
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by the Association of Techsystems., L'Associazione Technological Technology Systems is the manufacturier of the Alianza X-1.
Atlanta is a destination in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. , Atlanta comes from the U.S. In which one of the types of ethnological groups is African americans.
GMA New Media, which was founded on 1st January 2000, produces mobile applications. Felipe Gozon is a key person in GMA Network Center.
Abel Hernández played for Hull City A.F.C., which is managed by Steve Bruce. Abel Handez plays for the club dei Fulc.
Dan Mishkin created Bolt, a comic book character (Larry Bolatinsky) and Ernie Colon., L'orni Colón creator Bolt commençons da Yashimkin et Dan MishKIN. Liens commonly known as لاري Bolattinsky.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is a governed by the State Senate. It is led by The State senate.
A Glastonbury Romance, which has 1174 pages, is available in print. It can be found in Print. 
AWH Engineering College is located in India, where Mumbai is the largest city and Ganges are an rivers.
L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, which was built in Helsinki, Finland, operated in Finland. It has a 21.2 metres long and is in service.
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kgs.  101 Alexandria has an mass de 3.0 kilograms.
ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups. Il y hails an anthem called The Star Spangled Banner.
L'Aston Martin V8, assembled in the United Kingdom, is a related means of transport. It has 5.3 litres and it is similar to Aston M.RHAM/1.
L'Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe leads Sri Lanca.
Buzz Aldrin, a nationality of the United States, was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey. Joe Biden is l'orgueil degli Stati Uniti.
James Craig Watson, who was originated from Canada, discovered 101 Helena. He died in Madison, Wisconsin. , James Craig (Watson) is a Canadian born in Canada and he passed away in New York.
Andrew Rayel, a Trance musician, was born in Chisinau, Moldavia. He started performing in 2009 and is associated with Armin van Buuren or Christian Burns.
Adam Koc, who was born in Congress Polonia Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. Leon Trotsky is a commander in this war.
Allan Shivers, a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 Port Arthur, was Democratic Party in the United States. Price Daniel is succeeded by PriceDaniel. 
Antioch, California's 11th State Assembly District is the leader of Antioch., Led by Antioc in California ldistinguished from the 11rd state Assembly district de la California.
Casey Ribicoff, who was born in Chicago, is a spouse of Abraham A. Ribcoff and became married to Casey Richoff. 
A Severed Wasp, a print type, is available in print. It has the OCLC number 8805735 and its Library of Congress Classification (PS3528.E55 S4 1982). L'OCLC Number 85735, it can be found in Print.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, where the capital is Salem. Il y includes an ethnic group in the U.S. African Americans and Albany (in Oregon).
Swords, Dublin is led by the County Manager. Swords - Dublin's title of governing.
Akita Museum of Art, which was inaugurated on 28th October 2013, has 3 floors. It is 3746.66 square metres and it had its inauguration on 1998-09-28. 
Mondelez International created Barny Cakes.
Michele Marcolini, a member of F.C. Bari 1908, was born in Italy. He is manager of AC Lumezzane and plays for Torino FC.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, where Joko Widodo and Jado. Arem arem originates from the Javanese cuisine. L'Indonésie hails l'Indonesian rupiah.
Albany, Georgia is a part of the state of Georgia in the U.S. In which Americans are an ethnic group called African American.
A.F.C. Fylde, which has 3180 members, is a member of the Association Football Club Fylda. It's full name for A F.FC Fyld whose home ground is Warton (Mide).
Andrew Rayel, a member of Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns, plays house music. He is associated with Andrew Rayell whose musical genre is House.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad. 
Batchoy is a food found in the Philippines. 
Il-Amérique, where long name is the United States of America. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015.
Adam Holloway, who was born in Faversham Kent, England, fought in the Gulf War where Colin Powell and Grenadier Guards were a commander. 
Hypermarcas, a revenue of 1800000000, has 10252 employees. Il's net income is $108,600,000 and it has 102252 employs. 
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run and took part. 
Rostock, Rostock in Germany, where Andreas Voßkuhle is a leader. Neptun Werft built A-Rosa Luna.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Illinois, in the U.S. Y's county seat is Opelika and it has an ethnic group called African Americans.
Arros negre is a food found in Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader. Arròs négen originates from it. Il y uses Spanish as well as l'espagnol language. 
Ahmet Ertegun, a blues musician, is from Washington D.C. in the U.S. A.R.A. He originated in Washington DC.
Ram Naik is a leader in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Bundelkhand. Il n-Ideo Location Identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG., Il l-idéo location identifier Agra Airport (VIAG) s'il y rassemblent u f'Ajd, Owadh and Bundellkhand.
Auron, a person of Americans, was created by Walt Simonson and Karl Kesel.
Bacon Explosion, which is a food found in the United States. Il's main ingredients are bacon and sausage. 
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988. 
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957 and died in California. Deffected as a test pilot.
 1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95060.0. 
Bill Oddie e's child was Kate Hardie. 
Il-Americans, where the ALV X-1 originated in the U.S.A. y include an ethnic group of African Americans and is a part of the United States. 
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union., Austin - part de Adams, fall Creek and Lafparate, Ribland (Union).
Anaheim, California is part of Orange County, which is in the Greater Los Angeles area. It is located in California, U.S.A.,  Anaheim (part ofOrange County), Illinois, United States. Ils include New York and GranderLos Angeles Area. 
Alan Martin played football for Hamilton Academical FC and Barrow A.F.C., but he plays for barrow AC.
Alex Day commence active in 2006. He is associated with Charlie McDonnell and Chameleon Circuit band. Alex Day began his musical genre de elettronica, he fought in 2006.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Sergey Naryshkin is a leader. 
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, is available in hardcover. It has an ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 and it was published in Hardcover.
Aaron Turner, a Black metal musician, is associated with Greymachine and Twilight. He performs black metal band.
Chinabank a net income of 15100000000.,  Chinabank's net-revenue is 15,00000000.
Albennie Jones performs jazz music which originated from blues and has its stylistic origins in Jazz. 
101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days. 
Bionico, a type of dessert. Bionico comes from Mexico where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader and it can be found in Spanish language. Il y compris cookies or Cookie. 
Angola, Indiana is a part of Steuben County in Indiana. In the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are African Americans and its leader is President., Led by l'U.S. (led by president: President). Ldistingue le t-Illinois degli Stati Uniti, c'est quelqu'un d'Américains, b'y compris an ethnological group of Afro American
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader.
Massimo Drago played for S.S. Chieti Calcio and is manager of A.C. Cesena. Mr. Drago's club is S-S.
Roy D. Chapin Jr, a key person in the American Motors manufactured AMC Matador. It was succeeded by Eagle (automobile).
L'Appleton International Airport, which serves Appleton, Greenville, Wisconsin, is 280 metres above sea level. It has a runway name 3/21 and length of 2439.0. Il y includes an elevation of 280 km/h.
Trane, a Swords, Dublin, forms subsidiary. Trane produces building management systems and has an revenue of $10,264,000,000, net income of $556,300,000, it is operated as's subsidiario.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma and White South Africans are leaders. Il'y includes an ethnic group of white Southafricanes.
Alessio Romagnoli, who plays for A.C. Milan, is a defender in football. AlessioRomagnoli's position of Defender (football).
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, abbreviated to Acta Paleontol. Pol. It has an ISSN number of 1732-2421 and an LCCN number 60040714. 
GMA New Media is the parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal, a subsidiary of GMA new media. 
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County, Alba. 
Philippe of Belgium, l'aerfort International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgio. L'arrivée dei téléphone is German. Il y compris Philippe and Charles Michel.
Ice cream is a variation of desserts. 
John van den Brom played for AZ Alkmaar.  John van Den Brom's club is AZ ALmaar.
Poaceae, a class of Monocotyledon, or Commelinids, is made from the 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) which has an surface type of Poaceae.
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238] Membres. 
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor. Il y formerly member of the Qatar Stars League and are managed by Amar Osim.
Chinabank, which was founded in Manila, Philippines, is located in the insular Government of the Philippine Islands.,  Chinabank (founded at Imparar Gouvernement Insular des Illinois). L'Ispirar Government degli Filippiens are a subsidiary government.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St Vincent-St Mary High School., The home ground of Akron, Al-Summitassault in St. Vincent–St. Mary high School.
AmeriGas a company in the energy industry is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. , AmeriGas (in the Energy Industry) is part of the city Queen of Perussia-Pennsylvanie.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Enseignement Tecnico, Mumbai., Il-Istituto di Tecnica Acharya devait être jointly ad hoc all India Conference for Éducation Therapeutic (led at Mumbai) o Belgeum.
The 1955 Dodge has a 230 cubic inches. It has an engine of 230 cus.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. played in the National Hockey League and is a member of the league national hockey. 
Rostock, a Rostock in Germany. Joachim Gauck is the leader of Germany where A-Rosa Luna was built.
Aaron Bertram, a ska punk musician, is associated with Kids Imagine Nation and the Suburban Legends band. Brian Robertson (trombonist) performs Ska punk.
Meyer Werft is located in Papenburg.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine where he fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and became awarded the Purple Heart.
L'AMC Matador, a mid-size car, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It has an AMC V8 engine and it is classed as well as the American MotorsMatador. Il y assembled at Thame (New Zealand).
Alan B Miller Hall, Williamsburg, Virginia, is owned by the College of William and Mary. It was inaugurated on 30 March 2007 in Illinois. 
Luanda Province Angola is a part of Icolo e Bengo. It is situated in the Luanda region, where it is 159 metres above sea level. Its runway length is 4000.0.
A.C. Cesena played in Serie B, y has 23900 members and their ground is l'Edena.
L'Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000 in Karnataka, India. In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road ( Bangalore - 560090). It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. Its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar.
Akeem Priestley's youth club is Jacksonville Dolphins. 
Il-Aviation Forces United States, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada, is operated by Al Asad airbase. Il-Federal Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and Lockheed AC-130 are an aircraft fighter.
N.R. Pogson, a Nottingham, was born on 17th November 1868 and died in Chennai. It was discovered 107 Camilla f'il 1872-11-18. N. R.Poggson (England) is an England national of England. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC, M.A. in 1957 and died in California. Deffected as a test pilot.
 Barny Cakes, a variation of apple and Apple, peuvent 18.0g carbohydrate. It has 1.8g protein as one of the types of cookies. 
Binignit s'installe in Visayas. , Binignit is a food found in the region of VisaYas.
FC Terek Grozny is a home ground in Grotzny. 
Acharya Institute of Technology, which was established in 2000, is a sport offered to tennis. It's governed by the International Tennis Federation.
Andrew the Apostle is a patron saint in Romania, where Andrew the Apostolle. 
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, in Indiana, United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
A.S. Roma, which has 70634 members, is the full name of Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's record label was Movieplay and is signed to the filmplay label. 
Angola, Indiana is a part of Indiana in the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group. In which English is one of the languages and native americans live.
Binignit contains sweet potato and sago. Sago are the main ingredients of Binignit, y compris Sago.
Buffalo, New York, which is part of Erie County, new York. 250 Delaware Avenue can be found in Buffalo (New York).
Allen Forrest was born on 4th February 1981. He performs hip hop music, which originated from disco and funk. Drum and bass is derived from Hip Hop music.
The Barny Cakes contains 1.8g protein and an protein of 1.8 G.
Alan Bean, a US national, is i member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA. David Scott was the commander at Apollo 12., Allan Bean (in U.S.), became an American and fought in Apollo 12, commanded by Dave Scott.
Dodge Coronet - alternative name of the 1955 Dodge, which has a V8 engine and an 3 speed automatic transmission. 
A Wizard of Mars, a hardcover, was written by Diane Duane. It has an ISBN number of 978-0-15-204770-2 and is available in Hardcover. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the capital city is Cape Town. Cyril Ramaphosa and its leader is cyril Ramfosa.
Immicelli is an ingredient in Bakso, which includes vermicelli. 
Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka, which is located at Mumbai. It was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Tecnico Education (in Mumbai), where Arabian Sea is to its west.
Alba Iulia is a part of Romania in Romania. 
Aleksandra Kovac, whose genre is rhythm and blues, was associated with Bebi Dol and K2 (Kovač Sisters duo).
HIV - razza Lentivirus. 
Antonis Samaras a successor was Konstantinos Mitsotakis.  Antonis SamarAS, succeeded by Konstantinosis Mitsiotakidis.
At Austin is the capital of Texas, where Andrews County Airport can be found in Texas. It is a located in the U.S. A.T. Houston and its largest city is Houston.
Jens Härtel played for SV Germania Şehzeiche. , Jens Hartel is a member of SV Germany Allgemeineiche.
The Atlas II had a final flight on 16th March 1998. 
Alfons Gorbach, a member of the state Tyrol, in Austria-Hungary, died in Graz, Styria. He was born in Tirol (state Tyrol).
James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada, discovered 103 Hera. He died in Madison, Wisconsin and passed away from peritonitis. 
Abel Caballero, a fought in Galicia (Spain), was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain; Francisco Franco preceded FranciscoFranco.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish-Soviet War and was awarded the Cross of Valour (Poland).
Arròs negre is a Catalonia in Spain, where the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid and cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. Il includes Cubanelle.
Bill Everett was awarded Eisner Award. 
Andrew Rayel, whose genre is Trance, has its stylistic origins in pop music. He played with Bobina and Christian Burns.
Aaron Deer played with The Horns of Happiness and is associated with the band La Corns de  felicity. 
The Dead Man's Plack, dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia, is made from rock (geology).
Led by Mondelez International, which was founded in Chicago, France. Barny Cakes were created by Marchéz International (led by Gérard Larcher).
Il-Aerfort County Airport Andrews is located in Texas, Illinois, United States. Il-y includes Texans and Spanish is the language of Texas. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, l'Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, is located in Alagoas, Brazil. Ily are champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C where Vila Nova Futebol Clube competed.
Alberto Teisaire, a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy, was born on May 5th 1891, Mendoza, Argentina. He worked as Deputy Provisional President of the Senate Argentini. Isaac Rojas is successor to him. 
James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada, discovered 101 Helena on 15 August 1868. He attended the University of Michigan and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Bandeja paisa, a food found in the Paisa region of Colombia. Il y compris red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, an fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), al-Avocado and lemon.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, became a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He lives in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching (Sarawak).
Meyer Werft built l'AIDAstella, a length of 253260.0 millimetres, is operated by AIDA Cruises. Its top speed is 38.892 and it has an beam of 32.2.
Gangsta rap is a sub genre of Hip Hop music. 
Al-Khor Sports Club played in the Qatar Stars League. 
The escape velocity of 1089 Tama is 0.0068 km per sec., (89 Tama) has a length of 0.0168 kilometres per second, and an evasion Velocity of 0.0067 km/s.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army. , Abdulsalamu Abubaka was a member of the Nigérian Armando.
Aaron Turner performs black metal music. 
Albany, Oregon is a part of Linn County, Oregon, in the United States. Washington D.C. C'est la capitale degli Stati Uniti, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
James Craig Watson, a nationality of Canada, discovered 101 Helena. It has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire. He became a crew member of Apollo 14 operated by NASA in 1959 and is deceased. It was selected by Nasa en 1959.
Baked Alaska comes from China, where Standard Chinese is one of the languages spoken., Sain China (Standard Chinese) can be found in Baked AAlaska.
 Nikos Voutsis is a leader in Greece, where the leader of which. 
Abel Caballero comincit in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch. 
Aaron Bertram, a member of the Kids Imagine Nation, is associated with the Suburban Legends band and plays for Kids Immagini Nation.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is part of Michigan in the United States. Ann
Addis Ababa City Hall, which is 42 m in height, it has an area of 140000.0 square metres and its current tenants are the Government of Addis Abeba. It has a total area de 14000000. (square meters).
Il Memorial turc Martyrs' located in Azerbaijan, where Huseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner are dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Butuner and Halimi Güner. 
Anders Osborne, a member of Theresa Andersson, is associated with Billy Iuso and theres an associate band בילי Juso.
AmeriGas serves all'United States, where AmeriGas is a company in the energy industry. It earns all regions of the U.S.A.
Audi, a division of Audi e-tron and Ducati. Audi was founded by August Horch and manufactured Audi A1.
The Alhambra has a top speed of 18.52 km/h. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is available in hardcover. It includes Hardcover.
Giogos Kaminis is a maire of Athens, where the mayor is Giorgo Kamini. 
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0., Aarhus airport has a raggio de 272.0 meters long.
Batchoy, which is a food found in the Philippines, has shrimp as one of its ingredients.
Bhajji a bhajji comes from the Karnataka region of India. T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India, where you can find Indian people. 
Baked Alaska is a food found in Paris, New York or Hong Kong, United States. Il's main ingredients are meringue, ice cream and sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Buzz Aldrin, a retired in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20th January 1930. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Sc.D. in 1963. In 1963, he became selected by NASA per an Apollo 11.
Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikkou, Maroc. 
L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, which was built in Finland, operated at Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. It is in service.
Abradab, a became born in Katowice, Poland, Polonia.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090, India; it was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. It is governed by Dr G. P. Prabhukumar.
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr., a member of Apollo 11 in 1963, attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963. He graduated from MIT with an Sc D.S.C. de 1963 and became part of the Apollo 11.
1. FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season. 
Trane, a located in Ireland. Trane was founded in La Crosse ( Wisconsin). In Europe, is l'Irlande. 
Bhajji is a food found in India, where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader.
Sadique Abubakar is a commander in the Nigerian Air Force. 
Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce, which originates from Italy. 
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore, where Standard Chinese is the language. 
300 North LaSalle, Illinois, has 60 floors and is located in Illinois., Illinois 300 North LASalle (led by Illinois) had 60 Floors.
Il Delta II, which originated in the United States, originates dagli USA. It was launched from Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. L'Antares (rocket) is similar to DeltaII, depuis un poids of the U.S.
Bacon sandwich, which is also known as bacon butty. Bacon sarnie, Rasher Sandwich, baco sanger, piece 'n barm, bocon cob (bacon barmm) and became an ingredient of bread. 
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which are located in Pacific Grove, California, were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987. Its reference number is 87000823.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica is in the academic discipline of Math., L'Accademia Matamaitica devrait occuper math.
Elliot See, who was born in Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated to the U.S.T.A. and competed in Big 12 Conference. L'université de Texas ad Austin (affiliation with the UC) system.
Buzz Aldrin, a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20th January 1930. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Sc.D in 1963. Il s'est retired.
Mae's language is Kashubian, a country where Poland hails from. 
Alfred N. Phillips, who was born in Darien, Connecticut, worked as a Mayor of Stamford, CT., Il-Maired'Stamford (Connecticut), AlfredN.
Ahmet Ertegun, a rhythm and blues musician. Rhythm and Blues originated from blues and disco is derived from Disco. In the United States, there are an ethnic group called African Americans.
Poaceae, which is part of the order Poales, has a 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) surfaced by poaceae. 
Bill Oddie, a Lancashire, was born in Lancrashire. Bill Oddi starred in Bananaman and stars in bananaman. 
Il-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with Minotaur V. It is similar to Delta II, which originates from the United States. Il-missil Antares was launched from Mid Atlantic Regional spaceport Lanc 0 and it has a rapprochement de la MinutaurV. 
Alan Martin, who was born on 1st January 1989. He played for Aldershot Town F.C. and plays for Crewe Alexandra FC.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It was founded by Kempe Gowda I and its west is Arabian Sea.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom.
Anderson is part of Union Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States., Austin Anderson in the U.S.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is a politician. Il's leader is Patrick Alan. 
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka, where Ampara Hospital can be found. 
J. P McManus - architects Adare Manor, which was completed in 1862 and is owned by James Pain.
Agustin Barboza, a birth place in Asunción, Juan Afara, is Paraguay's leader. Is where they speak Spanish and Mestizo are an ethnic group.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, in Indiana. 
Lar Laura Boldrini is a leader in Italy, where Amatriciana sauce comes from. It's the capital city of Rome and its language is Italian.
L'AMC Matador, a mid-size car, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. Il y includes an AMC straight-6 engine and it has the alternative name of American MotorsMatador.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, which is in the United States., The Amarillo can be found in Potter counties, Pennsylvania, U.S.
 Juan Peron a member of the Labour Party in Argentina. 
Lydia II is a leader in the United Kingdom, where Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and Elizabeth II are leaders. Il AIDS (journal) was published by Lipppincott William & Wilins;Elizabeth II leads the U.K.
Albany, Oregon is a part of Linn County in Oregon, U.S. Washington D.C. E's capital and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party. Simultane sarawak occupy Abdul Taïb Mahmoud, became represented by Buharira`ayat jatiSarawak Party.
Madeleine L'Engle wrote A Severed Wasp, which was written by MadeleineL'Ingle. 
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl, y has 5300 members. It is a full name of A.S. gubbiO 1910 where the Stadio Pietro Barbetti and its home ground are located at Stadio Baretti. 
Walter Baade, a student of the University of Gottingen, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He was born in the German Empire and died in Göttingen.
11 Diagonal Street a completion date of 1983. It was completed in 1983.
Aenir followed the novel Castle (novel) which was followd by Aennir. 
Richard A. Teague, whose employer is Chrysler, was a designer of the AMC Matador.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the Jwaydan Moyine band and became associated with musician Janjagan Moyne., Anderson Rayell was associate with musical artist J Waydan Meyine.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played football for FC Spartak Moscow, where Rashid Rakhimov is the manager. He formerly a member of FC Terek Grozny, whose home ground is Goszny. Il's youth club is FC Amkar Perm and he was managed by Rashids Rakhukumv.
Arem-arem, which is a type of Javanese cuisine, can be varied by Lemper. Il-y's main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Chinabank, a net income of 15100000000, provides services in banking. Chinabank has an revenue net de 15,00000000. 
L'Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which was founded in Coventry. It was succeeded by The Rover Company. 
Walter Baade, a student of the University of Göttingen, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He died in West Germany. Walter baade was born in the German Empire and studied all'université Gottingen. A doctoral student is Allan Sandage.
Aaron Deer is a solo singer whose genre is Indie rock. He originated Indiana in the United States, where he plays indie rock and Wee Giant.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, Indonesia. 
Halimah Yacob is a leader in Singapore, where Halimah Ysaac is the leader. Beef kway teow comes from. It has an currency of Singapore dollar. 
(66063) 1998 RO1 - epoch date of 2013-11-04. 
Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, which is part of Atlantic County (New Jersey) in the United States. It is 23 metres above sea level and it is operated by Atlantic City International Airport.
Ajoblanco, a food found in Andalusia, Spain, is an ingredient in Ajoblanco. Il y contains water.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. 
Adisham Hall, a St. Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka, it was completed in 1927. It is l'architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian.
A Wizard of Mars, a hardcover, was written by Diane Duane. It has the OCLC number 318875313 and it is available in Hardcover. 
Anders Osborne, whose genre is rock music, was signed to Alligator Records and Awh Records. He has been a member of the record label Adaj Records (Ojj Records).
(66391) 1999 KW4 has a periapsis of 29919600000.0., The peripsisis for (66391 199 KW4), is 29919600000,0.
In the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group, there are native americans. 
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 34 metres above sea level, it has a runway name 03L/21R. It has an length of 1411.0 in poaceae and l'ynd u t-arrivée dei Poaceae., Arred by Ardmore airport (Nouvelle-Zelanda) ha 34.0 meters above sae level. Il n-raggiunging 44.0 km/h et j-d 
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London. Airey Niave is a member of the birthplace of Grimmbridge (London). 
Alison O'Donnell, a jazz musician, was signed to Deram Records in London. Il is associated with Fruits de Mer Records and deram Record label.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is located in Argentina. It has a length of 192000.0 millimetres, and it is 2000.0 mm long., L'Argentina is the Argentine whose ARA V-2, which can be loin 185000.0mm long.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas, Dallas. He deceased.
Rhythm and blues musician Albennie Jones is a solo singer. Rrm and Blues genre originated from blues and Disco derives disco.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a American, was born in Chicago and died in the U.S. He married to Casey Ribcoff. Y's spouse Adam Falli Jr. In this country, there is an ethnic group of Native Americans.
Ayam penyet serves hot and is a served hot. 
Airey Neave fought in World War II, where Joseph Stalin was a commander.
Alan Martin played football for Accrington Stanley F.C. and he plays for Acrington St. C.
Akron Summit Assault is located in Akron, Ohio, U.S. In the United States.
Abel Caballero, a member of the Minister of Transport, was born in Galicia (Spain) in Spain. Abel Carallero became Aire de Transport and worked as Aire De Transport.
Ashgabat International Airport, which is located in Ashgabata, has a runway length of 3800.0., Ascheggiated l'ascheggiamento idrōdrØndrÃ©drdrOthrRoadrSroabadrArrowr Arosbat.
Aaron Turner, whose genre is black metal, was a member of Sumac band and became active in Black metal. Death metal comes from the music fusion genre.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and became part of la Parti pesakaBumputera Baersatu. 
Olusegun Obasanjo, Abubakar, fought in office while Atiku Abubaker was Vice President. AbdulsalamiAbubakar is a member of the Nigerian Air Force and his successor was Olasegun Osbenjo.
L'American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., has an ISSN number 1080-6377 and it was first published in 1878. It is attached to the academic discipline mathématiques., Am.J.Math. (abbrm.j. Mat.)
In Japan, there are an ethnic group of brésiliens and  Brazils. 
Aaron Turner played for the House of Low Culture and is a member of the band Twilight, whose genre is black metal. He plays Electric guitar. Desidered to be part of Black Metal music which derives from Death Metal. 
Albany, Oregon is a part of Oregon, in the United States. Washington D.C. Ils are an ethnic group from the U.S. where English is the language and Asian Americans live.
L'Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level, it is operated by the Sciphol Group. It has an elevation of 3.3528 ar a l'altezza dei paeso.
Angola, Indiana is a part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County in Indiana, United States. It has 16.55 square kilometres per l'intero km. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff. 
(66391) 1999 KW4, which has a density of 2.0 g/cubic centimetre, has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres and its average speed is 37.16 km per sec., The celestial body known as (66391 199 KW4) has 2,0 gram per cubic centimetres, it has adipopsis of 162رنو091.
Aaron Turner started active in 1995. He is a post-metal musician and was associated with the band Twilight and Lotus Eaters.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on 9  September 1995 in Tampere, Finland. He played for Florida Panthers and plays for fl.
Albennie Jones was born in 1914 in the United States, where he is a solo singer. He performs rhythm and blues music. J'était un solo singer.
René Goscinny created Asterix (comics character) which is a creator of Rene Goschinny. 
Bo Bibbowski, a full name de Bibbo Bibbaowski (w) was created by Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman. 
Bakso - is a food found nationwide in Indonesia, which has Jakarta as its capital. Joko Widodo leads Indonesia and it is also popular in the neighbouring Southeast Asian countries.
Airey Neave a fought in the Battle of France. He began his career on March 4th 1974, and became active on 30 May 1979.
Il-Aviation Forces United States, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada, became operated by Al Asad. Il-U.S.F. is l-Operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. Lockheed AC-130 and Boeing C-17 Globemaster III are transport aircraft.
Akeem Dent played for the Atlanta Falcons, which is owned by Arthur Blank. , (Arthur Blank) was a crew member of Atlanta Eagles who were made his debut team. 
Agnes Kant, a nationality of the Netherlands, whose leader is Mark Rutte, worked in the House of Representatives (Netherlands).
John Madin designed 103 Colmore Row., Il's architect was John Madina and is the architect of 103 Colonmor Row.
 Jazz originated from blues and has its stylistic origins in the Blues. 
Buzz Aldrin, a United States national, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 and graduated from Sc.D. In 1963; he became an American fighter pilot who fought at Apollo 11.
Alan Shepard, a New Hampshire, was born in New-Hampshire. He served as expérimental pilot and operated by NASA's Apollo 14.
Abilene, Texas has a total area code 325., L'area code 324 is 325.
L'Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 and a year of construction. 
Stuart Parker, a manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, is attached to Runcorn FC Halton and plays for runcorn f.c. Haltone. 
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.  Albany in Georgia (part from the U.S.), a gruppi ethniques degli Stati Uniti - AfroAmericans.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, l'université dean Mario Botta, in Switzerland. It has 600 students and 100 academic staff.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a member of the Nigerian Army, was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Abdulshali Abubaker fought in the Nigérian Gouvernement.
Ace Wilder performs hip hop music, which originated from disco and has its stylistic origins in disco. 
Julia Morgan, a California born in California. Julia Morgan designed degli édifices importants commençant le Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and the Asilomar Conference Grounds. J'ai was l'Architect of Asiliomar. L'Al-L-Accademia Art Museum Inc.
Felipe Gozon - un key person in GMA New Media. 
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II e became a member of the United States Army.
DeSoto Custom, manufactured l'automobile De Soto, is a related means of transport to the 1955 Dodge and Chrysler Newport. It was succeeded by Desoto Firedome.
Ajoblanco, a food found in Andalusia, has almond as one of its ingredients., Almond is an ingredient in Ajoblanco which comes from the Andalusian region.
Il-Izmir, Turkey (led by Ahmet Davutoglu) is a leader in Ankara. It was inaugurated on 27th July 1932. Il-Uzmir's capital is Ankara.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and play in the Premier Development League, where K-W United FC are champions. It is a member of 3 000 members. 
250 Delaware Avenue located in the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader. Il y includes an ethnic group of White Americans and its language is English.
Il-L-LaSalle 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, part of DuPage County, Illinois, United States. It has 60 floors and its leader is Rahm Emanuel.
Adisham Hall, Sri Lanka, commenced in 1927. It is architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian; it was completed in 1931.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a member of the Nigerian Army, was in office while Mike Akhigbe had its successor Oladipo Diya. He ended his career on May 29th 1999. Il y'll succeeded Olesegun Obasanjo; he fought en Jugoslavien army and Awldilo Diya.
Adam Koc is a nationality in Poland, where Kashubians are one of the ethnic groups. Adam Koc comes from Poland and its language is polacco.
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and African Americans are an ethnic group. L'English language comes from Great Britain.
Asam pedas s'est found in Sumatra, Malaysia. Minangkabau people are an ethnic group of Malaysian Malay and Indonesian Mulai.
Aenir, which preceded by Castle (novel) is the sequel to Above the Veil. 
Abner played football for Real Madrid Castilla, which is managed by Luis Miguel Ramis and Coritiba Football Club. Il y former footballer Abner fought in the coritiba Foot Ball Club.
The Antares rocket was launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It had its maiden flight on the 9th of January 2014, and it has an orbital site at Mid Atlantic Regional spaceport.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol, Austria. He served in Tirol (Austria).
Buzz Aldrin served as a fighter pilot and fought in Apollo 11 mission. He was an crew member of Apollo 11.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090, India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University of Belgaum. It was established in 2000 and its president is B.M. Reddy.
Aleksandr Prudnikov, a member of FC Dynamo Moscow, was born on 24th February 1989. He played for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Dinamo Moscu.
 1097 Vicia, a mass of 9.8 kgs, has an epoch date 31 December 2006, it had an orbital period de 135589000.0 and an apoapsis is 511592000.0 km.
Roland Desmond is a comic book character Blockbuster, which was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle.
Il Memorial turc Martyrs' memorial in Baku, Azerbaijan, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldats killed in the Battle of Baku. Il designed Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. 
James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada, discovered 101 Helena. His Alma mater was the University of Michigan and he died in Madison, Wisconsin. He passed away as a peritonitis.
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen II, whose manager is Viktor Skrypnyk. He formerly a member of the Bundesliga League. Il s'il gestionnaire was Viktor Sipilajj.
Alan B Miller Hall, Williamsburg, Virginia, owned by the College of William and Mary. It is located in Williamsbourg, Virginie. 
Massimo Drago, whose manager is A.C. Cesena, played for S.S.D. Potenza Calcio and calcio Catania. Mr. Drago's club is Palazzo Costa Rica.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for Steel Azin F.C. and Al-Naft. He is a member of the Al Naft club. 
Alan Martin played football for Accrington Stanley F.C., whose ground is oAccrington, and Barry Ferguson are managed by Clyde FC. 
John Clancy is a Labour politician. John Madin was born in Birmingham, where they are leaders and it has 103 Colmore Row as well as an postcode area B.
Eric Flint scrisse 1634: The Bavarian Crisis., 1634, The bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Fllint. 
Alvah Sabin, a governed in Vermont, et died in Sycamore, Illinois. Il's largest city is Burlington (Vermont), y defeadh St.C. Ann. Deffect Ed alva Sabin f'Invermont; c'est part of the 3rd Congressional District and became l'immense city en Benurlington.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire, United States. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and became a crew member of Apollo 14 but died in California.
Auburn, Washington - part of Pierce County, Seattle, in the United States. Auburn is a total area of 77.41 square kilometres.
At Austin is a Texas, where you can find Andrews County Airport in Texas. It has Spanish as one of the languages and its capital is Austin.
The Ariane 5 a diametre 5.4 metres, is manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space. It was launched from the Guiana Space Centre on 11 August 2005 et it had its final flight on 18 December 2009.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, was preceded by Grantville Gazette III. 
Julia Morgan, a California born in California. Julia Morgan designed degli édifices importants come from the Asilomar Conference Grounds and Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. L'Austin Castle is l'Hearst Castle.
Alex Tyus was born on the 8th of January 1988. He played for Pallacanestro Cantu and plays for Spartaca Cantù.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has a coden code APGPAC. 
L-Aviation Forces United States, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada, became operated by Al Asad airbase. L-Opération Lockheed C-130 Hercules is l-Operating organisation for the U.S. Air Force as well as fl-Afghanistan; faisons part of the Korean War and marching incursions in Grenade.
Adam Koc died in New York City.  Adam Koc passed away in new York city.
Il-S. Gubbio 1910 s'inscrit in Italy, where Pietro Grasso is a leader and the capital city is Rome. Il-home ground of A.S.
(66063) 1998 RO1, which has an orbital period of 360.29 days, has a mean temperature of 265.0 kelvins. Its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres and its epoch date was on 4 November 2013.
Bhajji, a food found in the Karnataka region of India. T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders in India.
Albert Jennings Fountain, a member of the New Mexico Territory, was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President. He died in New mexica.
Bionico, which is a dessert from Mexico in Mexico. It has sour cream as one of its ingredients.
The A-Rosa Luna, which has a length of 125800.0 millimetres, was commanded on 22/22/2004. It is 125.8 km/h long and it had its class as Cruise Ship.
Atlantic City International Airport, operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, is 23 metres above sea level. It has a runway name 4/22 and an length of 3048.0.
L'Asser Levy Public Baths, which were constructed in 1904, are located on 23rd Street (Manhattan).
At 210 metres above sea level, it is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan. It has a runway length of 1533.0 and an elevation of 210 km/h.
Atlanta is a part of Georgia, in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. Atlanta is situated in Georgia (U.S).
Aleksandra Kovac commence active in 1990 and performs soul music.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo and Oladipo Diya, was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Il y served in feidhme pendant quelqu'un dei vicepresident et Joe Awiba (il predecessor Adadilo Diya).
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, where Anandiben Patel is the leader. It is led by Abhindrab Padtel. 
Auburn, Washington - part of the state of Washington, in the United States. Il's capital is Olympia and it is led by Auburn.
Adonis Georgiadis went in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister, Konstantinos Mitsotakis. Il y a vice-Ministre (Antonis Tardas).
Baked Alaska is a food found in Hong Kong, France, where Carrie Lam and Gérard Larcher are leaders. Il y compris le French language.
Ilocano - l'Idirot and Igorot are an ethnic group in the Philippines, where batchoy is a food. Iloscano peuples; j'y compris Arabic or Philippine English.
The AIDAluna, which has a length of 252000.0 millimetres, is powered by Caterpillar Inc. and it had its maiden voyage on 22nd March 2009.
Alvah Sabin ended his active years on 3 March 1857. 
Beef kway teow is a food found nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia, where Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders. , Beef Kway Teow comes from Singapore (in Singapore) which has the English language as one of its leaders et Colin Tan.
Meyer Werft, l'AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres. It was built by Meyer Werfl.
Alex Tyus played in the Turkish Basketball Super League, but he plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. whose coach is Vit Sherf.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Artur Rashizade leads. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India.
Lenol is a member of the Rosids order. 
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut, where he worked as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 4th district and fought in Whiskey Rebellion.
Aleksandra Kovac, a solo singer, was born in 1972. Aleksandra Kovač's musical genre is pop music and became active in the Socialist Republic of Serbia.
Audi A1, assembled in Audi Brussels, is a type of body. It has 1.2 litres density and an auto-automatically transported by 5 speed manual.
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. in Brazil, was founded on 1st January 2001, and is l'approvisionnement in pharmaceuticals. L'entreprise devrait être produced as drugs; b'e-pprovisionned in biopharmactiques. Hypermarcais comes from the Brésil. It has its key person at an CEO. 
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, in Ohio. In the U.S. Washington D.C. It has an ethnic group as Asian Americans and its capital is Washington DC.
Dodge Dodge, manufactured by Chrysler, it has a 3-speed automatic transmission and is 120.0 centimetres long. It has an V8 engine and its wheelbase f'120.0 cm. 
GMA New Media, affiliation to the GMA Network Center, are located in the Philippines. Felipe Gozon is l'inquilino dei media y producing mobile applications.
Bionico - dessert. Bionico is a type of dessert, it comes from Ice cream. 
107 Camilla, which was discovered by F. Vilas, has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, and its orbital period is 2368.05 days. It has a periapsis of 479343000.0 (kilometres). Its apoapsis is 560937000.0 km.
L'Audi A1, manufactured by Audi, is related to the SEAT Ibiza. Il y a type of transportation degli Audi A1.
Albany, Georgia is a part of Dougherty County in Georgia. It is led by the Mayor and there are an ethnic group called Asian Americans.
Alison O'Donnell, a jazz musician, plays autoharp and performs jazz.
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, which has Eagle as a fate. It was made by the american Motors and its destino is Eagle. 
L'Universitas Apulensis is the latin name of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Romania, where Andrew The Apostle and Andrew the Apostolle are a patron saint. 
Alan Martin, a footballer, was born on 1st January 1989. He played for Hamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where the legislature is National Assembly. It is governed by an Soviet national Assembly and its capital is Baku. 
Adisham Hall - Sri Lanka, where Tamil is the language. Adisham Hall comes from., Ahmad Hall can be found in Sri Lanca, whose language is Tamil.
Poaceae, a division of flowering plant, is part of the order Poales and it has an 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) surface type de poaceae. 
AZAL PFK serves the ground of AZAL Arena in Shuvalan. 
ACF Fiorentina fought in Serie A, Italy. It is a member of the Italian Football League. 
Bananaman broadcasted by the BBC in London, where Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead is a key person. Bananaman was trasmessod by an BBC whose city is London.
Greenville, Wisconsin is a part of Clayton Winnebago County in Wisconsin, United States. Greenville (whose home to Appleton International Airport) can be found in New Jersey, Illinois, U.S.
In India, l'Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. Its motto is Nurturing Excellence.
Akeem Dent was born on 27 July 1987 in 1987. 
Aleksandre Guruli played for AZAL PFK and Olympique Lyonnais, which has a residence at Parc Olympiques Lionnais. Il y formerly is l'Olympia Football Club (ICAO).
Arem-arem is a main course in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. It includes an ingredient compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings., Mae'r Arem arem comes from Indonesia (in Indonesia), mais più specific per Java.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is leader.
L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland, Finland. Finns is the demonym of Finland.
L'aeroporto international Antwerp, which is 12 metres above sea level, is operated by the Flemish Government. L'arrivée degli aerfort International Airport in l'embranchement of it is 12,0 km/h.
Il-Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with Minotaur IV and it was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It is similar to Delta II, which originated in the U.S. A.L.A. Il-missile Antares (l-Delta II) hails from New States. L-Gal-Commissariat f'Al-Fal-Comhar Al-Mel-Former Sol-Orbit
Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority whose headquarters are in Jinnah International airport. 
Aaron Turner, a defunted in Massachusetts. He became active in 1995 and is associated with Twilight and Lotus Eaters band.
L'Aston Martin Virage, manufactured by Aston Marcher, is a related means of transport. L'Alman Martin RHAM/1 and it was succeeded by the Almann Martin V8.
Anderson, Indiana is a part of Anderson Township, Madison County in Indiana, U.S.A.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand. It has a 3rd runway surface type de poaceae and it has an length of 1411.0. Il y l'itinerario name 03R/21L.
Walter Baade, a preussisch Oldendorf, attended the University of Gottingen. Walter baade was born in Preußisch Vorendorf and he discovered 1036 Ganymed. Halton Arp is an doctoral student at Walter Buade.
Deram Records is located in London. Deramrecords are a location of London.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, where Halimah Yacob is the leader. Ayam Penyet comes from Singapore. It has an ethnic group of Banyumasan people and its language is English.
Alfred Garth Jones, a United Kingdom, was born in Manchester, Manchester. He died in London.
Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States. 
Frank G Jackson is a leader in Cleveland, Ohio, United States. Il '200 Public Square' s'inscrit i Chicago (United States).
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka. It has Telangana to its northeast and Arabian Sea. Ta'l-Idirthóir Acharya was affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Abradab, Katowice, Poland, became active in 1994. He is a member of the band Kaliber 44 and Magik (rapper).
 Silvio Berlusconi - a chairman of A.C. Milan, which is led by AC Milan. 
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and has a four-stroke engine. It is powered by l'Alco RS-3, which was constructed by the Montreal Lokomotive works.
Andra is a pop musician whose genre is Pop music. Disco and disco are the fusion genres of this genre.
Aleksandra Kovač's background is solo singer. 
GMA New Media is a media company. 
Audi A1, assembled in Brussels, Belgium, is classed as Supermini. It has a 1.2 litres carrosserie and front-wheel-drive layout.
Adam Maher, a member of the Netherlands national under 17 football team, plays for PSV Eindhoven. He formerly played for the Holland National under-17 Football team., Administrated by Adam Mahers, is affiliated with Ajax Idirganistan, but he currently fought in the Paesi Bass national Under 17.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians, which is available in hardcover, has an ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9., Led by Alcatraz Versu the Labyrinth Potterian, was produced in Hardcover and has ISSN number 1-439-92550-9.
Andrew Rayel, a member of Jwaydan Moyine, is associated with Armin van Buuren, whose genre is house music. He played for House music and became attached to Janjagan Moyne.
Batagor, a Siomay, Indonésie, Indonesia. Shiitake is one of the ingredients in Shumai.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Illinois, in the U.S. A.L.
10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He represented Biri pesaka Burimiputera bersatu and belonged to an party part-pháirtit Peša Bumputera (Bersatu).
Amatriciana sauce comes from Lazio region, lazio. Tomato is an ingredient in it.
HOK SVE is the architect of 3Arena in Dublin, Dublin. It was completed in December 2008.
 Dublin is part of Leinster and Dublin's Partie Lienster.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi. 
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader. Washington D.C. and English is the language spoken in the U.S.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada, where English is the language., Canada's birth place Adam McQuid comes from Canada whose language is English.
Albany, Oregon is located in the U.S.A.
Abilene, Texas, which is part of Taylor County, Austin, in the U.S. Aviation Regional Airport serves la city of Abilenne.
Bacon Explosion, which originates from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States. Sausage is an ingredient of bacon and sausage.
Above the Veil is available in hardcover.  The book Above The Veil was produced in Hardcover.
Adonis Georgiadis aDeputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping worked as the Sous-Ministre of Development., Administrated by AdonisGeorgiadis was ad hoc as an under-ministre for Développement (Contrevinss) et Shipping. 
L'Alhambra, which was built by Samuda Brothers, is 63800.0 millimetres long. It has a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes operated by P&O company. Il y designed the Alhambra in Deptford; it had an elevation of 61000.0 mms per l'length.
Apollo 8 - operated by NASA. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, Brazil. Ily competed in 2015. Vila Nova Futebol Clube is a champions of this club. 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, a full name is A. E dimitra Afxeinupolis (abbreviated to A.
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and it has a ship type of Cruise Ship. It is 125580,0 mm in length. 
Albany, Oregon is a part of Oregon, in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Abel Hernandez, whose club is Peñarol, plays in Serie A. He played for U.S. Città di Palermo, which has Giuseppe Iachini as its manager. 
Il-coach Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C., which is coached by Zan Tabac, c'est Mcan Tabic., McanTabic f'il-manager Mccabji TelAviv C.B.P.
Akeem Dent formerly played for the Houston Texans, which is owned by Bob McNair. He made his debut with Atlanta Falcons who are based in Atlanta.
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen and plays for VfL Wolfsburg. He is a member of the Goslarer SC 08 youth team, y formerly l'Olympiaor SC 08.
Marv Wolfman created Auron (comics character) auron. 
Adam McQuaid played for Boston Bruins in Columbus, Ohio. Don Sweeney is a general manager of Boston Blue Jackets who are currently based in the United States.
Ajoblanco contains bread, almonds, garlic, water, oil and olive oil. Ajoblanco originates from Andalusia in Spain.
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana, U.S.A.
Ab Klink, a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal Party, was born in the Netherlands. He attended Erasmus University Rotterdam and became an apogée de l'Accademia Rotterdam.
Abilene, Texas a total area of 286.5 square kilometres, is 524.0 metres above sea level. It has an population density of 429.9 (inhabitants per sq km) and it is 564.0 in l'altezza., L'arancia totale communautaire hails 266.5 Square kilometers altezza-le-Le-Il-La-Jel-Ifl-Yll-IIl-Eil-
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis.
The Antares rocket, a comparable to Delta II, was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It is similar to Atlantic Lake II. 
At a runway length of 1533.0, it has l'Alpena County Regional Airport. 
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia, where Joko Widodo are leaders. Arem-arem comes from.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by the Airbus Defence and Space. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, a governed by Vica, competed in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C which has 17000 members and Vila Nova Futebol Clube. Ily have their leagues in Brazil.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, was published in E-book. It has 512 pages. 
Lars Løkke Rasmussen is a leader in Denmark, where Lars Lokke orveglianza. Is affiliated with the European University Association and it has 737 academic staff. It was established in 1928.
Buzz Aldrin, a Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20th January 1930. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with an Sc.D. In 1963, he formerly known as Edwin E. Alden, Jr. and fought at the Apollo 11.
L'Allama Iqbal International Airport, Punjab, Pakistan, operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. Il y serves Lahore in Pakistan and is led by Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, is available in hardcover. It was published in Hardcover.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez, a manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan, plays for FC FAS. He is attached to C. D. PAS.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a related means of transport to the Fiat Croma. 
Icolo e Bengo is a part of Luanda Province in Angola. It is 159 metres above sea level and it is situated in Ícolo-e Beno, l'istruzione degliLuanda region.
AIP Advances, abbreviated to AIP Adv., is editor of A.T. Charlie Johnson and it has a coden code AAIDBI.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Bundelkhand. It is 167.94 metres above sea level and it is situated at an elevation of 167.4.94.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is associated with Ciro Pérez and Héctor Numa Moraes. He plays Zamba (art form) RCA Records. Il's background is solo singer. It was signed to CR Records and he has l'Albu Records label.
Airey Neave, aménagé in Knightsbridge, fought in World War II. He began his career on 30th June 1953 and became active on March 30, 1979.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the university of Tex system. He died in St Louis, part of the Kingdom of France.
Stuart Parker, a footballer who plays for Drogheda United FC and Stockport County F.C. He is the manager of A.F. C. Blackpool. Il y formerly managed by Logan Parker (footballer) which has been attached to Delaware United Football Club. 
L'AIDAstella, a owned by Costa Crociere, was built by Meyer Werft. It is 253260.0 millimetres in length and it has an beam of 32.2 m long. Il y l'est operated byCosta Crocier. 
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre, a t-ingredients include cuttle fish. 
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. It has a coden code ATATISET. 
The Atatürk Monument (Izmir) is made of bronze. It was made in Bronze. 
Peter Stoger is the manager of 1. FC Köln. 
The AMC Matador is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. Its alternative name is VAM Classic and it has a station wagon body style. It can also be known as ACM V8 engine. 
Aaron Hunt played for Goslarer SC 08 and VfL Wolfsburg. He is a member of SV Werder Bremen II, whose youth club was GosLarryr SC 08.
The Alhambra has a 8.3m ship beam and an elevation of 8.3 m.
Airey Neave, a fought in the Battle of France, was awarded the Order of the British Empire and began his career on 30th March 1979.
Len, a gcion dei Cirus, is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa. Ilen y compris limon, it is usually télécharged from the genre of cilius. 
At serves the city of Athens, a l'aeroporto is located in Spata. L'arrivée degli Aontais International Airport (in Spate).
Batagor, a peanut sauce in Indonesia. Il y compris Siomay is l'ingredients dei batagor; it comes from Indonesia.
Julia Morgan, a San Francisco, was the architecte of Asilomar Conference Grounds. Julia Morgan is l'architecte dei Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and Addiomar State Beach.
Aaron Turner, a black metal musician, is associated with the band Twilight and Sumac. He plays Black Metal.
GMA New Media, a media company, produces web in World Wide Web. L'entreprise dei media is l'infériodità Inc., L'Infraidibilité Accademia Dei-Impériodenziale Inc.
Arròs negre, a t-ingrédients dei Cuttlefish, comes from the region of the Valencian Community.
Amdavad ni Gufa, Ahmedabad, India, is located in Gujarat. T.S. Thakur is the leader of India. , Amadda'n Ganjr Amdavad NiGufa (India), which has T S Takur as a leader.
Auburn, Alabama is a destination in the United States. Ils include an ethnic group of Asian Americans and one of the nations where Auburn (Alabama).
Akeem Ayers formerly played for the Los Angeles Rams, which are located in los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. He was coached by Mike Mularkey and made his debut with the Tennessee Titans. 
Polizia includes an ethnic group of Romani people and is a member of the Romani. 
Andrew White started active in 2003 and was signed to Polydor Records. He is associated with Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Korean War and became part of Operation Enduring Freedom. 
Alan Bean served as a crew member of Apollo 12 which operated by NASA, where David Scott commanded. Alan Bean became part of the NASA and had Alfred Worden as an backup pilot. 
Anderson, Indiana is a part of Indiana, in the United States. Il's headquarters are Washington D.C. and it is led by the Democratic Party (United States) which has Indianapolis as its capital.
Aleksandr Chumakov, who played for FC Torpedo Moscow, is a member of the Soviet Union national football team. It was managed by Valery Petrakov and died in Russia.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States, a married to Ruth Ribcoff., Rogha'r Abraham A
Andrew Rayel, a member of Bobina, is associated with Armin Van Buuren, Bobna, Mark Sixma, Jonny Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano,Alexandre Bergheau, Jony Rose, Scilla Tosun, Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi. He plays string-instruments.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of Kota Samarahan. 
Anaheim, California - part of California. Anaheim is led by Tom Tait and the United States House of Representatives situated in the U.S. Capitol.
At serves the city of Abilene, Texas. It has a runway name 17R/35L and is 2194.0 metres above sea level. L'indirizzo location identifier KABI (KABI) - kABI.
Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil are the main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce. 
Akeem Dent was born on 27 July 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He made his debut for the Atlanta Falcons and he began his team. 
Arròs negre is a t-arròs négen in the region of the Valencian Community in Spain. Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros Negre.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on 9  September 1995 in 1995, a member of the Florida Panthers and he plays for football club.
Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot, became retired. He is now retiré.
GMA New Media, which is located in Quezon City, Philippines, operates le mass media. Ils are l'intermédiaires de masse media a bhfuil part of the Peuples Philippines. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre, hails 486.2 sq km. It has an area code 505, 575 and its total area is 490.9 (square kilometres).
Appleton serves Appleton, Wisconsin. Greenville is part of Ellington and Little Chute (wMadison).
A variation of the dessert is Cake. 
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Ohio. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association which has headquarters in Brussels., L'Accademia deffari et sociali at al-Aarhus University, a governed by l'Association université Europea (capital: Bruxelles).
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonésie, ma it's più specific for Java.
L'Ernie Colon, Puerto Ricoricans, was created by Dan Mishkin and Ernie Colón (Puerto Rican), where it is also known as Larry Bolatinsky.
Akeem Ayers formerly played for St Louis Rams and a draft pick of 39. He started his draft round on 2nd round, or 3rd round.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road (Birmingham – 560090), India. It was established in 2000 and has 700 post-graduate students. Its motto is Nurturing Excellence., L'Institiútivité Technological Université Visvesvaraya In Bangalore, India; it had a magistrate affiliated with the Visaves
Arros negre is a food found in Spain, where Felipe VI of Spain is the leader. Arròs Negre comes from it. It has an euro and its currency is Euro. Il y includes l'enfasi dei Spanjaards.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. L. A.C. chievo Verona, Torino, Italy, has 39371 members and their home ground in Serie A 2014-15. 
Il-Municipality of Gettysburg in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Il-Cumberland County is to the southeast de Carroll County (Maryland). L-ll-Yl-Jill-L-Carroll and Maryland are a n-w-d-prairies 11th Mississippi Infantry.
Hypermarcas - produzione dei drugs, is located in São Paulo, Brazil. Il governed by the President of the Supreme Federal Court. Is a food found in Sao Paulo (Brésil).
Bhangt Budapest is located in Hong Kong, Hungary. 
200 Public Square Cleveland has 45 floors, a total area of 45.
The LCCN number is 57059226.
Led by Gale Brewer, New York City in Manhattan, United States. Ild by the Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New-York City (part of Manhattan).
Beef kway teow, which is a food found in Singapore and Indonesia. It has palm sugar as its main ingredients: Kway Teow (sesame oil), beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shreed, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oppr or oyster sos, soya órt, chili and sesame ola.
Il '11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a municipality of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania in the United States. It was established in 2000 and it has Cumberland County, Maryland to its southeast; Carroll County (Maryland), To its north-side: Adams County Michigan.
Marriott International tenant AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, has 23 floors. 
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa where Cape Town. 
In Italy, where Italians are known as italians. 
Adam Koc, a member of the Cross of Valour (Poland) was awarded by Adam Koc.
Il-LaSalle 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, part of DuPage County, Illinois, United States. Susana Mendoza leads Chicago (United States).
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis are leaders. Is a language spoken in the Greek.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo, fought in Sarawak. Adenan Satem is a member of barisan Ra'ayat JatiSarawak.
Trane, which was founded on 1st January 1913 in La Crosse Wisconsin. , Trane (founded 01-01-1913) is a member of LaCrosse- Wisconsin.
L'Italia, where Laura Boldrini and Pietro Grasso are leaders, is a leader of Italy. L'Italie (capital: Rome), c'est l'italiens. Il y téléphone Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy.
Barny Cakes are a variation of chocolate. 
L'AIDAstella, owned by Costa Crociere, was built by Meyer Werft and operated by AIDA Cruises. It has a length of 253260.0 millimetres in l'arrivée dei Maya Cruisees. 
(66391) 1999 KW4 a rotation period of 9953.28, it has an epoch date 14th July 2004 and its époch is 04-14 April 2004.
L'Atlantic City International Airport, operated by Port Authority New York and New Jersey, is 23 metres above sea level. It has a runway name of 4/22 and an length of 1873.0. Its ICAO location identifier is KACY.
L'Ariane 5 was launched from ELA-3 and it is located at the Guiana Space Centre, which has its headquarters in Kourou, French Guana. L' Ariane 5 had its launch site-l-ELA-3.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport located in Madrid, has a runway name 14L/32R. It is 410.0 long and its length is 4,100.
A Long Long Way, followed by The Secret Scripture. It is a language of Great Britain and it comes from the English language, which was spoken in Great Gran Bretagna. 
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Baymax, created by Duncan Rouleau, Americans, is a film Big Hero 6 which starred Jamie Chung.
 Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Il y's affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities; it has its nickname Cornuillard Big Red.
Il-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, which is associated with Minotaur IV, it was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base. It has a variation of Delta II in the U.S. A.C. Il-missile Antares originated from the United States.
Ícolo e Bengo is in Angola, where it is located. It is situated at Ícolo-e Beno, Icolo (Angola).
Bananaman, broadcasted by STV, first aired on 3rd October 1983. Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman, radiodiffusées by OSTV., Baonaman (transmises by SSTV) last aird on 03/03/1983. It stars Bill Vondie and it was shown at the 10th octobre 1983.
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members and their ground is bryning Lane. 
Auburn, Alabama is a part of the United States where Washington D.C. is the capital.
Ampara Hospital is a district of Ampara, Sri Lanka. It has 476 bed counts.
Auburn, a part of Pierce County, Washington, in the U.S. The capital is Washington D.C.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas. It has a runway length of 3500.0.
 Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Il y's nickname of Cornelle Big Red and it has an affiliated with the Association of American Universities.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Artur Rashizade. Il Memorial turco Martyrs' tzigang ar red granite and white marble are dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
Garth Nix l'auteur Aenir, a ISBN number of 0-4339-17684-0, has garth nix.
HOK SVE is the architect of 3Arena, located at North Wall, Dublin. 
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois and it is situated in peoria Illinois. 
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi. 
The mascot of the University of Texas at Austin is Hook'em (mascot). 
AIDAluna, owned by AIDA Cruises, is Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in California, and located in Rostock.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was published in the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group., L'Atard Aftes the Labyrintans originates from the U.S. which has l'English language but one of its languages is English.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst. He died in Austria, where Doris Bures is a leader.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish-Soviet War and was awarded an Order of Polonia Restituta. Adam Koc belonged to the Cross of Valour (Poland).
Aenir is the sequel to Above the Veil in Australia, which was preceded by Aenur. 
Bionico, a type of dessert, is an ingredient in granola. Il y compris Granola and c'est particolarement commençant le dessert. 
Binignit, a food found in the Visayas region of the Philippines. Binignit contains banana and sweet potatoes.
L'Ariane 5 a diametre 5.4 metres, it was manufactured by the European Space Agency. It had its maiden flight on 2nd March 2004 and last launched from ELA-3., The Ariane 5 is 5.4 (m), operated by L'Espace Agency per l'Agenziaspatiale europea. Il fût le 1st April 2004 et final voyage on 27th September 2003.
Bionico, a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico. Il y compris fruits, sour cream, crème condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins. It includes the main ingredients: chopped fruites, prosciutta, pudding derived milk (granola) et shriled Coconut.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana, in the United States. Anderson is an largest city in Indiana. 
Baked Alaska is a dessert. It is classed as an ingredient in Baked AAlaska. 
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon where Portland is the largest city. 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, a member of 1500 members, play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP and has 1500 membres. 
A.D. Isidro Metapán, a full name is Asociación Deportiva. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, became a member of Barisan Ra'ayat JatiSarawak. He represented sarawak and belongs to the Partie Ba'Arif Yati Tarawak.
F. Vilas discovered 107 Camilla, which was founded by F VilaS.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and is 17068.8 millimetres in length. It has 12 cylinders, it was constructed by the Montreal Lokomotive works.
Abilene, Texas is a part of Texas. Ils are in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and English is one of its languages.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, part of the community of Madrid. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are African Americans. It is a food found in Great Britain and it can be heard in English. 
Il-journal AIDS (w) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron is leader. Il-il-l-L-U.S. L-Ideu's governed by David Campbell.
Cleveland is a part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. It is governed by Cleveland City Council and it is led by 200 Public Square.
Akeem Dent formerly played for the Atlanta Falcons, who are owned by Arthur Blank. He fought in Atlanta and is a member of the Houston Texans which were based in Houston.
Asam pedas s'est found in Malaysia, where Arifin Zakaria is a leader. Il y includes an ethnic group of the Malaysian Chinese and Indonesian Indian.
The AIDAstella was operated on March 17th 2013, and it had its ship in service on the 17nd March 2013.
 Josef Klaus graduated from the University of Vienna and attended l'Université di Vienna. 
AmeriGas, a part of the energy industry in the United States, operates an operating income of $380,700,000 USD. , AmeriGas (in the Energy industry) is l'United States and employs un revenue de 380700000 USD.
L'Alhambra, which was wrecked, is 63800.0 millimetres long. It has a ship beam of 8.3m and an apogée de 8.3 m.
L'11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It has Franklin County to its west and Carroll County (Maryland) to the southeast of Adams Co.
Aaron S. Daggett, who was born in Maine, fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and died in West Roxbury. He won the Purple Heart and went on to be a member of his award.
The A-Rosa Luna, which was christened on April 4th 2005, is 125800.0 millimetres long. It has a length of 125580,0 mms and it had its christening date on 3rd April 2005.
Port Fortin is located in Trinidad, a country where they can be found. 
Angola, Indiana is a part of Steuben County in Indiana. In the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group and one of the native americans can be found.
Lancement site Delta II - Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. 
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana, which has Indianapolis as its capital. 
20 Fenchurch Street commenced in janvier 2009 and it was built on Jan 2009.
Adam Koc fought in World War I e was awarded the Virtuti Militari. Adam Koc became part of WWI, a j'ai aggiudicator virtinti militari. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, y play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions of campionatu Brasilia C.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957. Il married to NASA in 1959 and died in California.
Ayam penyet s'y can be found in Java, Malaysia and Singapore. Ayam Penyet is a type of fried chicken whose main ingredients are squeezed or smashed, served with sambal.
 Asunción is part of Gran Asuncion which is جزءا d'Asunción.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom. It has a 5.3 litres and an related means of transportation to the Dean Martin RHAM/1.
(66063) 1998 RO1, which has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres, has a minimum temperature of -71.0 degré Celsius. Its maximum temperature is 500.0 kelvins and it has bénéficied d'apopsis: 25.4959570,60815 (kilometres).
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C. in Iraq, where Adnan Hamad is the manager.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, in Indiana, where Washington D.C. is the capital and Covington can be found.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes. 
Adam Holloway, who was born in Kent, is a member of the Conservative Party (UK) and attended Magdalene College Cambridge. He went to obbligatorir f'Magdalene college Cambridge.
Alvah Sabin, who was a member of the Whig Party (United States) which has Henry Clay as its leader. He fought in Vermont, where Burlington is an largest city and Sycamore, Illinois.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 88 metres above sea level. 
Il-Rostock, Rostock in Germany, where Stanislaw Tillich is a leader. Neptun Werft built A-Rosa Luna.
Andrew Rayel, who started performing in 2009, is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn. He became active in 2009.
Aaron Bertram, whose genre is Ska punk, has its stylistic origins in Punk rock. He was a member of the Kids Imagine Nation and plays for Suburban Legends. Brian Robertson (trombonist).
A.S. Livorno Calcio is manager of Christian Panucci, who plays for the Italy national football team. 
John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, where Andrew Mitchell is a leader. He designed 103 Colmore Row and has an postcode area B. It's governed by the Birmingham City Council of Birmingham.
L'Atlantic City International Airport, which has a runway length of 3048.0, is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, U.S. A.R.A.
14R/32L is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport. 
Austin, Texas is located in the United States. Austin (led by City Manager).
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. It was published on Administrative Science Quarterly, a publisher by Cornell University. 
Andra, a pop musician, became active in 2000 and began his career in 2000.
Alexandria, Indiana is a part of Madison County in Indiana, U.S. In the United States, where Anderson is an largest city.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, where Diego Santilli is a leader. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a food found in the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain. Ils are an ethnic group of Native Americans and includes Alcatraz Versu the Labyrintans.
(410777) 2009 FD, which was discovered by Spacewatch, has an orbital period of 39447000.0. It has a periapsis of 882343000000.0 and 8823430000.0.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba, Manioquia., The birth place of Alex Plantes falls Ottawa (Manitoba).
ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where Americans are known as americans. It is an ethnic group of White American and it originates from all'Amérique. 
At Auckland is the location of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) in New Zealand. 
Austria uses the Austrian German and is a language spoken in Austria. 
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987, is located in Pacific Grove, California. It was aggiunto al March 27th 1987 a Statut historique de 1987/27. 
L'Alan B. Miller Hall, Virginia, in the United States, was designed by Robert A M Stern and currently tenants Mason School of Business.
The South Jersey Transportation Authority has Stephen Dilts as a Chief., Sidney Diltts is the chief of the south Jersey transport authority.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., which was located in the U.S. A.I.A.; l'AIDAluna s'est produced by Adelaideluna. 
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas, United States. He served as a test pilot and operated Apollo 12 by NASA.
Abilene, Texas - part of Texas, in the United States. Austin is a leader in Texas. Il y hails an Spanish language and Houston as its largest city.
Arròs negre, a Catalonia in Spain, hails arròs Negre. Il y contains Cephalopod ink and its main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid,cephalopod Ink, cubanelle peppers.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press, in the United States., Osco Press is located in New York (United States).
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages, an ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9., The book Alcatraz Versu's evil Librarian has 39-92550-9. It has bande postale 320.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Singapore, Singapore. Y'll has Baduy as one of the ethnic groups in Java.
In 2000, l'Acharya Institute of Technology was established in India. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar., L'Istituto Acharya In Technology (in India), istituita in 2000; it has its director Dr M. J. Pi.
Abilene, Texas is part of Texas, where Washington D.C. is the capital. Ils are in the United States whose capital is Washington DC. 
Sandesh (confectionery) is a dessert. Bionico comes from Mexico, where Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader. Il y compris sandesh or Sandesh. 
Hypermarcas, which is located in São Paulo, produced drugs., Il-marcjas (in Sao Paulo) hails sa San Paulo. Il-pratey debhithe Droges.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, in the United States, where Don Tripp is a leader. It is led by an American House of Representatives and it is governed by all-New Mexico House de representatives. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay, where Tabaré Vázquez is a leader. Il y's leaders are Tabare Vazquez. 
A Wizard of Mars, a published by Diane Duane, has an OCLC number 373551313.
Hypermarcas, a São Paulo, was founded on 1st January 2001 and is located in Sao Paulo. It has Mantecorp as its subsidiary. 
Ajoblanco's main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil., The main ingredient of Ajoblanco is Bread, Almonds (charlic), water and olive ola.
L'Angola International Airport serves Luanda, is 159 metres above sea level. It is located in Ícolo e Bengo, luanda Province, Angola. Il y compris 159 m long l'arrivée degli aerfort בינלאומי אנג'לו.
Akeem Ayers formerly played for the St Louis Rams, which is located in St. Louis. He made his debut with the Tennessee Titans and was a member of the Stet-Neptuns. 
Georgia (U.S.) is a country in the United States. 
At Austin is the capital of Texas, where Andrews County Airport is located., Andrews Town Airport in Texas (capital: Austin).
Baymax a character in Big Hero 6 was created by Steven T. Seagle and Scott Adsit. Duncan Rouleau comes from the American national of America. Baymax, whose comic book is big Hero 6, starred with Scott Adit.
Airey Neave started service in 1935. , Airey Niave began service en 1935.
Anders Osborne was signed to Shanachie Records and is recorded by Shani Records.
Vegetables are an ingredient in Batchoy, which is part of it. 
Angola, Indiana is a part of Steuben County in Indiana. In the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
L'AMC Matador, which is also known as American Motors Matdor, was assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It has a station wagon and an AMC V8 engine.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy, where Rome is the capital. 
Il-Aviation Forces United States, which fought in the invasion of Panama, operates Al Asad airbase. L-Opération General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon (Boeing C-17 Globemaster III) is l-Operating organisation for Arm forces U.S.
Ajoblanco is a food found in Spain, where the leader is Felipe VI of Spain. Ajoblanco comes from. Il y compris le Spanish language and l'euro is an euro.
Pietro Canonica is a designer of the Ataturk Monument in Izmir. 
William Anders, who was born on 17 October 1933 in British Hong Kong. He became a crew member of Apollo 8.
ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups. It has an anthem called The Star Spangled Banner.
Lancia Thema is a related means of transport to the Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Arese. It s'il y rassembled in arese and Fiat Croma.
Aaron Turner a genre of Drone music. He is associated with Greymachine and Twilight band, while he performs drone music.
Asam pedas, a common name of Asam páh, is from Sumatra and Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. Il's main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was written by David Weber, is preceded by 1634; The Baltic War. It was followed by Ring of Fire II and English language. 
L'American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math. It was first published in 1878 and has an ISSN number 1080-6377., Il-Am.J.Math. is l'abbrm.j. math. it had its initial publications in 1875 at 1878. L'ISSN Number 1080-6777.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka. It is situated in the Agra District of Aspara.
Stuart Parker played football for Bury FC. 
Adisham Hall, architectural style of Tudor Revival, is located in Sri Lanka and it was completed in 1927. L'architettotype de Adisham Hall (led by 1931).
Allen Forrest, a solo singer, was born in Fort Campbell, KY, and raised in Dothan, AL. He performs acoustic music.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes. 
Massimo Drago played for S.S. Chieti Calcio and he plays for the club S-S chieti FC. 
Richard A. Teague, a General Motors, employed by the general Motors and was designer of the AMC Matador. , Richard A Tuague (employed by Général Motors) is l'Employer for theGeneral Motors.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, operated by ENAIRE, is located in Madrid. Its runway name is 14L/32R and it has a length of 4349.0. It is 610 metres above sea level.
The AIDAluna began his career on 22nd March 2009., Aidaluna became active period on 23rd March 2009, and it fought in the 21nd April 2009.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States, where Barack Obama was a leader. Among its ethnic groups are Native Americans and became part of the U.S.
L'aertissement degli Andrews County Airport is 973.0 metres above sea level and it has a 4th runway surface type of alsphalt. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died 28 February 1966 in St Louis.
Abilene, Texas is a part of Jones County in Texas, U.S. Abily serves the city of Abileni. Il runway length is 2194.0.
At serves the city of Athens, a runway length of 3800.0. It is operated by Athens International Airport which provides it in Athens.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland, which was established in 1996. It has 600 students and is led by the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland. , L'Académie de Archita di Menditerranio (in 1996) ha été mbunaithe inسويسرا. Il y a 6 000תלמידs ed its leader is federal chancellor for Switzerland.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a American, was born in Connecticut, and died in New York City. He worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, Welfare and welfare., American Abraham A'r Ribcoff is an American who became member of the U.S. Democratic Party (United States), but he passed away in new York city.
The Memorial Turkish Martyrs' memorial is located in Azerbaijan, a bhfuil Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. Is dedicator do the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner agus Halimi Güner.
Lee County, Alabama is in the state of Georgia. 
L'Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, Aleksey Chirikov, a length of 99.83. It was built in Finland (Finland). L'arrivée dei l'Arctique Helsinki Boatyard f'Helsinki.
11/29 is the name of a runway name at Andrews County Airport. 
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, a led by the European Parliament. It is governed by The European Parlement. 
Alan Shepard, who died on 21 July 1998, in California. Dianne Feinstein is a senatore of California, which deb's senates Dianen FGettyn. 
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont. He is a member of the Whig Party (United States) which has Daniel Webster as its leader. 
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, where Lockheed AC-130 and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon are an aircraft fighter. It was fought at the bombing of Libya in 1986. 
Cármen Lúca - the leader of Brazil, which is led by Cárman Lujua. 
Anders Osborne, a Rhythm and Blues musician, is signed to Rabadash Records. Anders Osborn performs rhythm and blues music.
Poaceae, a division of the Commelinids and del'Atroport Ardmore (New Zealand) has an 2nd runway surface type in poaceae. Poaceae is classed as Monocotyledon. Ils are part of la floing plant and Delnids.
The Acura TLX, which is manufactured by Honda, has a Honda J engine.
Arrabbiata s'arrabbiata is a region of Rome, Italy in Italy. It has chili pepper as one of its ingredients. 
Mae's Baked Alaska is a food found in New York, France. Meringue is one of the ingredients that can be found there. 
Atlanta is a part of DeKalb County, Georgia in the U.S.A. Atlanta's home to Atlanta.
Stuart Parker, who played for Sparta Rotterdam, has been manager of A.F.C. Blackpool. It is managed by a footballer (footballer) e he plays for the Spa Rotterdam club. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is the leader. It has an ethnic group of Banyumasan people and its language is Standard Chinese.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv and is a member of the Olympique Lyonnais, which has Jean-Michel Aulas as its chairman. Il y formerly l'Olympique Lyonnaise whose home ground is at Parc Olympiaque (Lviv).
The Audi A1, which is assembled in Audi Brussels, has a 1.2 litre engine. It can be found in the Audi Brussels and its body style de Sedan.
William Anders, a British Hong Kong was born on 17 October 1933. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. de 1962 and retired on 1st September 1969. William Anders became pilot pholyتاني. Mr. Anders fought at the Apollo 8.
3Arena, designed by Populous, is located in Dublin, Dublin. It was completed in December 2008.
Aleksandra Kovac, whose genre is rhythm and blues, was associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač. Rhythm and Blues musician Aleksandra Kaovac's musical band (Obbi Dol).
Greenville, Wisconsin - part of Clayton, Winnebago County in Wisconsin, U.S. Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville (part of Menasha), Wisconsin. It serves the city of appleton., L'Appleton international airport has a gabbiad l'Atson Pierlin, Illinois, United States. L'Illinois Irwinn Awienw en Wisconsin; j'y compris
Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman, a bananaman. 
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982., Aye's Getty, whose birth date is 07.07.1982.
(66063) 1998 RO1, formerly known as 1999 SN5, has an epoch date of 4th November 2013, it has a escape velocity of 0.0999 km per sec. Its orbital period is 360.29 days and its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia and it has banana leaf as an ingredient. 
Stuart Parker, who played for Drogheda United FC and Runcorn F.C. Halton, is a manager of A.F. C. Blackpool. He has been managed by Logan Parker (footballer), but he also plays for runcorn f.c.Halton. 
Abel Hernández played for the Uruguay national football team. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's manager is Vica. 
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has a LCCN number 32024459. 
Gabriela Michetti is a leader in Argentina, where Gabriela Machetti leads. 
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House, constructed in 1911, is located on U.S. Route 83. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988.
Alexandria, Indiana has a population density of 755.3 inhabitants per sq km. Its total area is 6.81 square kilometres and it has an area of 6,81.
Agra Airport is located in Agra, Agra.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) is a member of 5000 and fought in the Hoofdklasse. In 2014, it has 5000 members. 
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, which was established in 1928, has 737 academic staff. It has 16 000 students e 15 000 student. 
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area total of 74.33 sq km.
Antioch, a part of Contra Costa County, California, in San Francisco Bay Area. Antioch is l'intermédiaire de la Sin Francisco bay area and Spanish is the language spoken in California. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versu the Scrivener's Bones., Letraz versus, the Ltz-Bones, and it was preceded by Albutravers Versum the Cleren'ln.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. - L'abbreviated A.S. Roma in Serie A, where Juventus F.C. and Juventus FC are champions. 
The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact factor of 1.37., Il's influence factor is 1.33.7.
Buzz Aldrin a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA.
110 Lydia, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, has a rotation period of 39332.9. It is powered by 2006.31.
1099 Figneria, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, has a mass of 2.7 kg. Its orbital period is 179942000.0 and its periapsis is 349206000000.0.
John Roberts is a leader in the United States, where John Roberts and Bacon Explosion comes from. 
Il Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where the name of the monument is Türk Şehitleri Aniti. Il Memorial turc Turk Martyrs' which was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. , Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner are leaders in Azerbaïdjan. Inaugurated by Huseyin Butuneri - Halimi Güner.
(66391) 1999 KW4, a density of 2.0 g/cubic centimeter, has an epoch date 14th July 2004. It had an orbital period of 16244700.0 and an apoapsis is 162164091.8388 (kilometres).
K-W United FC played for the Premier Development League, whose champions are K W United Football. 
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al-Zawra'a SC and plays for the Shabab Al Or-Ordon Club.,  Alaa Abura formerly is a member of Al Zawra'A SC, but he fought in the club Aida B Al or Ar-Ordon Club.
The final flight of Antares was on 28th October 2014 and it had its final voyage on August 28, 2014.
Aaron Turner a genre of avant-garde metal. 
New Jersey, which has Trenton as its capital. It is the capital of New Jersey.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova., The birth place of Andrew Rayell is chisinau (Moldova).
Il-Governor Flemish is a leader of the flotte region. 
Bananaman broadcast by BBC and starred Graeme Garden. Bananaman is a TV series of the BBC. Bananaman, which was shown by Graem Garden, radiodiffused byBBC.
John Roberts is a leader in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. Bacon Explosion comes from. John Roberts leads all'U.S. In which one of the types of ethnies include Afro-Americans.
Agustin Barboza, aménagtaithe in Asunción, en Paraguay 5 May 1913. Agustin Gaboza was born on 05/05/2005, Asuncion.
Bhajji is a food found in India, where T. S Thakur is the leader. In India's people are known as Indians.
Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, Greece. He worked at the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism (Grecia), is succeeded by Makis Voridis.
Acharya Institute of Technology, which was given to the All India Council for Technical Education, had its official school colour blue, white and orange. It was underd by all-India Council per טכניזציה.
William Anders a crew member of Apollo 8 where Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin were backup pilots. William Anders retired on 1st September 1969. He was comissairement operated by Apollo 8.
Allen Forrest performs pop music. 
Baduy is an ethnic group in Java, where the Baducy are one of the ethniques. 
Aleksandra Kovač performs soul music. 
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama and White Americans are an ethnic group. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S. E.L. C'est l'université de Washington DC.
Il Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Humseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner are an Memorial Turkish Martyrs' which was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Halimi Güner. 
Alberto Teisaire is a nationality of Argentina. 
Abel Hernandez, whose club is Peñarol, plays for U.S. Città di Palermo and poliziarol. 
Andrew Rayel, a member of Mark Sixma, is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn. Andrew Rayell was associate to Mark sixma and along with musician Janu'n Mendelschohn.
Austin, Texas is a part of Texas, in the U.S. A.K.
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where Barack Obama leads. In this country, African Americans are an ethnic group and one of the languages spoken there is English.
1099 Figneria, which has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 (kilometres) and an average speed of 16.37 km per sec., (1099) FCFeria hails density 16,37 kilometres per second; it has the apoapsis of 66057180000.0 k.p.l.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense - nickname Asa Gigante, y play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C which is where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions. 
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin, Grand Chute.
Abdul Taib Mahmud attended the University of Adelaide. , Abdul Taij Mogad examined l'Université D'Adelaide.
Stanislaw Tillich is a leader in Germany, where Stanislaws Tillin is the leader. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has a staff size of 737., L'école deffari-et-sociaux at an Asservator University, which has 737 academic staff.
Tarrant County, Texas is located in the United States. , Tarrant Co. Texas was a part of the U.S.A.
Abner (footballer) played for C.D. FAS.
The Administrative Science Quarterly, abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q., has a coden code of ASCQAG and is obbligatorie as Admin.
The AIDAstella, which was christened on March 16th 2013, is 253260.0 millimetres long. It has a length of 25260.0 mms and its christening date is March 16, 2013.
Il sórt Amatriciana is a sauce in Lazio, Italy. Il y includes Guanciale, guanciale, cheese, olive oil.
John Buscema awards the Eagle Award (comics).
The average speed of 1036 Ganymed is 16.86 km per sec., (1036) Ganimed has an amount of 168.6 km/s.
Alan B. Miller Hall, Virginia, is owned by the College of William & Mary, whose chancellor was Robert Gates.
Alan Shepard, a New Hampshire, was born in New-Hampshire. He died on 21st July 1998 in California. Il became awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold MMedal., At an American Defense Service Damer deb'l Washington County, he passed away on 7th January 1998 en California.
Alan Martin played football for Crewe Alexandra F.C. and he is attached to the club Alan Martin. 
Lars Løkke Rasmussen is a leader in Danimarca.  Lars Lёкke Spartakussen and Lars Lokke Rasussen are the leaders of Denmark.
La Crosse, Wisconsin a total area of 58.3528.
Baymax, a first appearing in film Big Hero 6, was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle. Baymax comes from the film big Hero 6.
Avocado is a member of the genus Persea.
Abilene, Texas is a part of Texas, in the United States. It serves the city of Abileni and it has an runway length of 1121.0.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members. 
The OCLC number of Addiction (journal) is 37357194. 
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He won the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Méd and died in California.
Mauricio Macri is a leader in Argentina, where ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) and its capital isBuenos Aires.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where English is the language. 
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where Barack Obama leads. In Great Britain and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and has 3 000 members. 
3Arena located at East Link Bridge, is a 3Arena. 
John Cowper Powys, a notable work was Wolf Solent., J'Olympe Owys (whose non-respectable works is Wolf solent).
Il Memorial turco Martyrs, Baku, a red granite and white marble, was natively known as Türk Şehitleri Aniti. It is made in red Granite et white marbre. 
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Township, Madison County, in Indiana, U.S. In the United States, and its capital is Indianapolis.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cape Town is the capital and Asian South Africans are one of the ethnic groups. Is a part of south Africa whose capital is Cape town.
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of Antonis Samaras, who was born in Athens, became in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis; Aleksandros Venizelos preceded Makis Voridis. Adonis Gérard's successor f'Olympiopoulos Veridis and Agusto SamarAS (born in Atene).
Al Anderson, a member of the band NRBQ, performs rock music and originated from country music. 
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is the leader. Il's ethnic group is Black Canadians and its anthem is O Canada.
110 Lydia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006., Lydia, which hails in 2006-12-31, had an apogée dei 110 Laydia. 
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ottawa, in the United States. Washington D.C. Is a capital and Native Americans are an ethnic group from the U.S.
Jerry Ordway, a nationality of Americans, was created by Bibbo Bibbowski.
A.S. Roma, which play in Serie A, has a ground in Rome, Italy.
Akeem Adams played football for United Petrotrin F.C. whose home ground is Palo Seco. He has Thomas Doll as its manager and Gábor Kubatov as his chairman.
Elliot See, a Dallas, was born in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died on 28th February 1966 in St Louis.
The Antares rocket, manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, has a diametre of 3.9 metres and was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It had its maiden flight on 28th October 2014. Its final flight was on September 18, 2013.
Albert B. White, who died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, was succeeded by William M O Dawson and a successor of Albert B White (whose succeded byWilliam M.O. DConnon).
Auburn, Alabama is part of Ohio., Mae Auburn (Alabama) is جزءا d'Alabama.
Lancia Thema is a related means of transport to the Alfa Romeo 164. 
Anders Osborne, a Rhythm and blues musician, became active in 1989. He is associated with Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. J'll began his musical career in 1988.
Allen Forrest, a solo singer, performs pop music. He is devenu solo singer.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, where the capital city is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and Tamil language is Tamil., Mae'r Adisham Hall was a Yaputal (Sri Lanka) which has its capital as Sri Bandejawardenpura Kutte.
Bhajji contains gram flour, vegetables and is a food found in the Karnataka region. Il y comprise an ingredient of bhajji (il n'or l'Harja).
Roy D Chapin Jr. Is a key person in American Motors, where the AMC Matador is manufactured by America Motors. It was succeeded by Eagle (led by Chrysler).
Agustin Barboza, a solo singer, was born in Asunción, en Paraguay. Agustin Barboz's musical genre is Guarania (music).
The ALCO RS-3 has a four-stroke engine and is operated by. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia, Indonesia. Y's main ingredients include: Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
Abel Caballero, a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, was born in Ponteareas, Spain. He worked as Minister of Transport and became Governor de Transport.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java. Il's main ingredients include: Squeezed, or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
200 Public Square a completion date of 1985. It was completed in 1985.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 July 1987. He formerly played for the Houston Texans and became a team at Atlanta (Georgia).
Albany, Georgia is led by the Mayor. It is a leader of Albany in Georgia. 
Arrabbiata sórt Arrabbiata is a sauce in Rome, Italy. Il y includes garlic and it comes from Rome. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States, where English is the language and African Americans are an ethnic group. Il y hails all-inhabitants of the U.S.
The AMC Matador, a full-size car, is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria. It has an alternative name of VAM Classic and l'AMC straight-6 engine. 
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia. 
Squid is an ingredient in Arròs negre, a t-ingredients. 
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ottawa, in the United States. Washington D.C. Il's capital is Washington DC and Native Americans are an ethnic group there. 
Il Memorial turc Martyrs' in Baku, Azerbaijan, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. , Türk Şehitleri Aniti - turk memorial kurders' located in Azerbaïdjan (il native name Ataturk Turk SehitleriAniti), a dedicator aux soldats Olympiens uccisi in
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season.   (A-E Drithe Asaoupolis) competed in 2014.
ENAIRE, l'Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Madrid, Spain. ENAIRE operates an aerfort Adolfo Suarez Barajas which serves the city of Madrid (Spain).
Bananaman a first aired on 3rd October 1983. It was created by John Geering and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor.
Dáil Éireann is a leader in Dublin, part of Leinster, Republic of Ireland. 3Arena devrait être owned by Live Nation Entertainment and l'appartenant live nation Entertainment.
Meyer Werft, l'AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere, whose parent company is Carnival Corporation & plc and operated by AIDA Cruises. It was built by Meyer Wirft.
L'Alan B Miller Hall, Virginia, which was completed on June 1st 2009, is located in the United States. L'Alban School of Business Mason has its current tenants as l'American School de Business.
(19255) 1994 VK8, a mass of 5.6 kg, has an epoch date 31 December 2006, and its orbital period is 8788850000.0. Its periapsis is 6155910000000.0.
Akeem Ayers's position is linebacker., The Line backer of Akees Amyers, a member of the Linebackers, are in this position.
Attica, Indiana - part of Fountain County in Indiana, United States. It has a population density of 783.1 people per square kilometre and its total area is 4.14 sq km.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor. Amar Osim managed Al Khalib Al-Ordon Club.
Celery is a member of the Apiaceae family and it can be found in Bakso as an ingredient. It comes from celery, whose genre is Apium., L'Apiaceae familia include Celery (part of Arau) e became part of Aceaceae.
 Dale Tallon - general manager of Florida Panthers, a type of General Manager. 
Alfred Garth Jones, a Manchester in England, was born in Manchester, England. He died in London. 
Aaron Turner started active in 1995. He is a post-metal musician, he was associated with Old Man Gloom and the Twilight band.
Led by Aston Martin V8, which was assembled in the United Kingdom. It is a related means of transport to the Dean Martin DBS and it has Elizabeth II as its leader.
Hypermarcas - in Brazil, which produce drugs. It is a food found in the same region of Brazil. 
Lancia Thema is the Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy. It has a Saab 9000 and an t-all-four engine.
Bionico, a type of dessert, comes from Mexico where Enrique Peña Nieto and Spanish is the language. Bionico can be found in it. Il y compris Honey as well as an ingredient dei bionico.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst., is a academic discipline of Computer Science and it has an ISSN number 1558-2868. 
Agnes Kant, a nationality of the Netherlands. Agnes Kant worked in the House of Representatives (Netherlands), where Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer are leaders.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo, became a member of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He succeeded Adenan Satem, fought in Kuching. 
Abilene, Texas is a part of Texas. Il y serves the city of Abilenne in Texas (part de Texas).
250 Delaware Avenue, Buffalo, New York, had 12 floors. It was constructed in janvier 2014 and cost 110 million dollars per a total area of 30843.8 square metres.
A Long Long Way has an OCLC number 57392246 and an ISBN number 0-770-03380-4. It has the ISBN Number 0-670-03380-4.
A variation of cookie is Cookie and Baked Alaska are desserts. 
Anders Osborne, a member of Tab Benoit, is associated with Billy Iuso and Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. He was affiliated with Tab Binoit and Tony Aussi.
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy, where A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground was located. Ily are known as Italians and the leaders include Sergio Matarella. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas, Dallas. He died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis., Il-vive Donald See, whose birthplace is Dallas on March 23, 1927; he passed away on Feb 28, 1966 at St. Louis.
Bakewell pudding was created in Rutland Arms, Bakewell in 1820. Its main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Meyer Werft risiede in Germany. , Meyer Wirft is located in Germania.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. Il's capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and its currency is the shri Lankan rupee.
Andra, a Rhythm and blues musician, is associated with Puya and CRBL. Andra's musical genre was rhythm and Blues.
A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and an ISBN number of 978-0-15-204770-2. It has 56 pages., The OCLC number for A-Wizard de Mars, which has 570 pages, is978-20-4770-2.
Andrews County, Texas is a county seat of Andrews.
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ottawa, in the U.S. Americans are an ethnic group from the United States where one of the facts is Asian American and it is a home to Akron.
1099 Figneria, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, has a periapsis of 349206000000,0., The celestial body known as 1099 FCFeria's apocys is 3492060000000 and it had an abbreviation on 31st December 2006.
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins. 
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Batumi. He formerly a member of the club Dinamon Kotami.
Alhambra, which was launched on 31 May 1855, had a 8.3 m long ship beam and fought on the 31st May 1850. 
At Alexis Tsipras is a leader in Greece, where Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens., Et an itinerario di Athens International airport served by Athens (Izmir), which risiede l'Inghilterra en greece. Il y n-est quelqu'un de ceux whose leaders sont Alessandro Schipras. 
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland, where Sauli Niinisto is a leader.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, a type of dessert. Ils include cookies and Cookie. 
Felipe Gozon is a key person in GMA New Media, which has Felipe Goszon as their parent company. L'infériodità dei GGMA Network (conseil), l'agglomération communautaire gníomhach téléphonique société affiliée y bénéficiera d'Abelgozon. 
Bill Marriott International is a key person in Bill.
GMA New Media, a mass media, produces mobile applications. It is l'industrie dei mass média in massima.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada. 
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. A loyal character dancer comes from the U.S. Africa's group and an ethnic group degli Afro-Americans.
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. (corporation), was founded on 1st January 2001, and has an net income of 108,600,000. , Hypermarcais, deb'd on 01-01-1901, is tentatively operated by A.S.C.
The Aston Martin V8, assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom, is a related means of transport. It has 5.3 litres as an engine. 
L-American submarine NR-1 a length of 45000.0 millimetres, it was launched on 25th January 1969. Its top speed is 8.334 km/h and its beam de 3.8 m.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Samtredia. , (Aleksander Guulli's club is FC Aktiera.
Aaron Turner started active in 1995. He is a member of the Lotus Eaters band and Old Man Gloom, whose musical genre is électroacoustic. Desidered performer Electroacoustic music.
Anderson, Indiana a 268.0 metres above sea level. Anderson is part of Indiana and it has an area code 107.43 square kilometres per sq km. Its population density is 523.9 inhabitants/kmr. It's total area 107.33 square kilometers; it is situated 2658.8 centimetres al-dessus dal-sea.
Ashgabat International Airport, which is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines, has a runway length of 2989.0 and it is 211 metres above sea level. It is situated in Ashbagt, occupy 211 km/h.
Bionico - un dessert in Guadalajara, Mexico, where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is a leader. Bionico comes from Jalajara and it can be varied by Honey.
3Arena located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. It is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and it is operated by live nation Entertainment.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino, Switzerland aveva 600 students. It was established in 1996. Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland.
Dodge Coronet - alternative name of the 1955 Dodge, which is also known as the American coronet. 
Alfons Gorbach, a married to Imst, was born in Ist County of Tyrol. He died in Graz.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, a Randall County in Texas, U.S. Amarillo (part of Travey).
L'Ardmore Airport in New Zealand, which is 34.0 metres above sea level, has a runway name of 07/25 and an length of 518.0. L'arrivée di Ardmore (New Zealand) s'est 344,0 meters long. Il y l'orrivée dei n-officier poaceae; it can be named 07/2/25.
Alfons Gorbach, a put in Imst, Austria-Hungary, died in Styria. He was born in Ist (Austria-Hongheria).
Anaheim, California is a part of Orange County in the Greater Los Angeles area. Anaheim comes from the U.S.A. and it is led by the California State Assembly.
101 Ukrop Way is l'adresse of Alan B. Miller Hall, which was constructed on 30 March 2007 in 31 March 2007.
AIDA Cruises are located in Rostock.  The AIDA Crocs is a location of ROstock.
Akeem Ayers formerly played for the Tennessee Titans and was a draft pick of 39. He fought in it 3rd round, but his draft Pick was 39.
L'AMC Matador, a model year 1971, is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria. Il y compris le AMC Ambassador and it was manufactured in 1971.
Aston Martin V8, a related means of transport to the Aston M.RHAM/1, and was succeeded by The Alman Martin Virage. 
Anders Osborne was signed to Alligator Records and is a record label for ALligator Record.
FC Tom Tomsk является частью ФК Памятник Чемпионата Италии по футболу.
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is located in Italy.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, has a runway length of 3500. It is 3500.0 long. 
L-Ariane 5 a launch site of ELA-3 is located at Guiana Space Centre in France, French. It has l-ESA-3 operated by Ariane 5.
The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine. 
Buzz Aldrin is a nationality of the United States., A US Nationality Buzz Aldin was an American.
Alan Frew performs rock music, which originated from country music and folk music. It is a genre of Rock music whose stylistic origin originates from Folk music.
Il-Finland, where Sauli Niinisto and Juha Sipilä are leaders. Il-finland is a leader of Finland (led by Igor Sipila).
Beef kway teow, which is a food found in Singapore and Indonesia. It has an ingredient of oyster sauce and it comes from the region of Indonesia.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He fought in the American Civil War where he awarded the Purple Heart.
Abel Caballero, a fought in Spain, became in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Monarch and Juan Carlos I of Spain. Francisco Franco is the predecessor to Isabel Franco.
103 Hera, which has a mass of 7.9 kgs, has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 km. It has its mass de 7.9 kilograms and an escape velocity of 0.0482 km per sec., 3814 kilometres per second is the celestial body known as 103Hera (consapsis 3874170000,0 km).
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the invasion of Panama, where one of its efforts was involved. 
Bionico, which is a food found in Jalisco, Mexico. Il y contains raisins and it comes from the Guadalisco region. 
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina, where Gabriela Michetti leads Buenos Aires. He died in Argentine. It is governed by the New York City Legislature and it is led by Jorgemichetti.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Japan. It is situated in the Patrocinanti Jōta (Jōda).
Agnes Kant, aménagé en Radboud University Nijmegen, was born in Hessisch Oldendorf. Agnes Kant's alma mater is the House of Representatives (Netherlands).
1634: The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635: La Cannon Law. 
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was written by Eric Flint, was born in Burbank, California. It was preceded by 1634; The Baltic War and it was followed by
Anaheim, California - la leader of Anaheim in California. L'Assemble de Representatives is part of the United States where English is one of its languages.
Twilight (Band Twilight) performs black metal. 
AZAL PFK located in Azerbaijan, where Qarabag FK are the champions. AZAL Arena is l'agra de L'Azerbaijan Premier League.
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Newmarket, Ontario, Canada. He is a musician whose background is solo singer.
L'AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark, was designed by 3XN and is tenanted by Marriott International. It has l'architectural layout of the AC Hotel Buonaïne in Copenhagen (Denmark).
Gus Poyet, a manager of AEK Athens F.C. is in the Superleague Greece whose champions are Olympiacos FC and Olympico FC. He also plays for Real Zaragoza.
AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and their ground is located in Athens, where they play in the Superleague Greece.
Afrobeat is a fusion genre of Funk, which has Afrobeat as an ingredient. 
Luanda serves Luanda, l'Angola International Airport. 
Ilmonym in Mexico is Mexicans, where one of the demonyms are  mexiciens. 
Alfons Gorbach, who was born in Austria-Hungary, where Doris Bures is a leader and died en Austria.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, which is a town of Mendirjio in Switzerland. It has 100 academic staff and dean Mario Botta.
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois., Illinois - Chicago (part of Delaware County), Illinois.
Arlington, Texas is 184.0 metres above sea level. 
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President. 
Chinabank, a company founded on August 16th 1920, has 5594 employs. Its net income is 15100000000 and it has 295 locations in 295.,  Chinabank (founded 08-16-1920) ha un total revenue de 15,100,000,000 per each of 295 operates.
The ISSN number of AIP Advances is 2158]. 
The Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou, French Guiania., Il's headquarters are l'espace-Centre Guyana which has lieu a fháil o Aurou (France).
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the largest city in Washtenaw County., L'inférior citta' Washtanaw District Michigan (il n-est de la population Ann Abraham).
L'Alan B Miller Hall, Virginia, a Mason School of Business in the U.S.A. He currently tenants l'Alban School de Business which is located in Virginia.
The Acura TLX has a 3.5 litres engine. 
Bandeja paisa s'inscrit in the Antioquia Department of Colombia, Colombia. Bandeja paisa is a food found in this region.
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. In English language comes from Great Britain. Il y hails l'Ethnic group of the U.S. E.C. A severed wasp originates from New York.
L'Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. It has a runway length of 4000.0.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born in Iraq, a country. 
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, in Indiana, United States. Il's capital is Indianapolis.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Virginia DeMarce, is 512 pages. It has an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0 and it was published in E-book., Virginia De Marce wrote 1634 Rewlion (ISBN number 4165-200-0) ed it can be found in É-Book.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi. He is a solo singer whose genre is jazz and he has an background as saxophone.
Alan Shepard, who retired on 1st August 1974, became a crew member of Apollo 14 and was part of the Apollo 14.
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is Helipad. It has a key name at the line 'Helipad'. 
Elliot See served as a test pilot and was occupational pilot. 
 Jacob Bundsgaard is a leader of Aarhus, which is led by Jacob Bugensen. 
Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army, which fought at the American Revolutionary War. 
L'Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. It was established in 2000 and operated by Dr G. P. Prabhukumar. Is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the U.S. where Atlanta (w.s.), a filling de New York County.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended University of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a Minna, was born in mina. He worked as Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria).
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II and fecame involved in the war.
Alan Frew performs rock music which has its stylistic origins in blues and folk music. Bhangra is a fusion genre of Rock music, where Alan Frews plays.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, Sri Lanca., Sri Lanka is the location of Ampara hospital.
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors. 600  Floors include 300 North LASalle.
Il Derbyshire Dales is part of the region, which includes shortcrust pastry as an ingredient in Bakewell pudding. It can be varied by Bakwell tart and it is a variant ofBakewell Pudding.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina. He died in Buenos Aires, which has Horacio Rodríguez Larreta as its governing body for the City Legislature de la Buonais Aires. Il y compris l'Argentine where Spanish is one of the languages.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, which was manufactured by Gruppo Bertone, is l'abarth. L'abbreviated company dei Bbarth 10000 GT Coupe (w) hails assembled byGruppo Bertoni. 
Jorge Orosmán da Silva - manager Peñarol. 
Il-President Azerbaijan, a bhfuil an legislature de chuid na Náisiúnta in Azerbaïdjan. Ba's capital is Baku. Dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and Huseyin Butuner agus Hilmi Guner. Is é le haghaidh léirithe ar an Aontais National Assembly (Ballu).
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. Albany (Oregon) originates from the U.S.
Abel Caballero, a member of the Congress of Deputies, was born in Galicia (Spain), Spain. He worked as Member of The Congre's Party and belongs to the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989 in 1989. He formerly played for New England Patriots and the Tennessee Titans.
L'aeroporto Ashgabat, which is 211 metres above sea level, situated in Ashbagt. It has a runway length of 3800.0 and an elevation of 211 km/h.
Arlington, a part of Tarrant County, Texas. Fort Worth and Houston are the largest city in Texas (capital Austin).
Alison O'Donnell commence active in 1963. 
Bhajji contains gram flour, it is similar to Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flouri. L'ingrédients bhajji include gram farina.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall. 
(410777) 2009 FD has a minimum temperature of 211.0 kelvins. It has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres, it has its minimum temperatura of 21.0 Kelvins.
Asam pedas s'est found in Malaysia, where the capital city is Kuala Lumpur. Asam Pedas comes from the Malay Peninsula. In Malaysia there are an ethnic group of Malaysian Chinese and Indonesian Indian.
Alex Day a solo singer. Synthpop originated from pop music and is derived from house music. Alex Day's genre is synthpop, which has its stylistic origins in Pop music.
Albert B. White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died on 3rd July 1941 in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
Alex Day, who started his career in 2006, was born London Borough of Havering. He is associated with Charlie McDonnell and Chameleon Circuit band.
RCA Records a distribuing company is Legacy Recordings. 
Albany, Georgia is a part of the state of Georgia in the U.S. where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Il-Chicago, Illinois, where Rahm Emanuel is a leader. 300 North LaSalle was located in Chicago (United States). Il-le-de-l-U.S. are leaders of Chicago.
Joe Biden is a leader of the United States, where Joe Buiden leads. 
Anaheim, California has a area code of 657., L'area code for Anaheim in California is 657.
Alan Bean a crew member of Apollo 12 was operated by NASA and David Scott. It was commanded by DavidScott. 
Bhajji is a food found in the Karnataka region of India, where Sumitra Mahajan and Vajubhai Vala are leaders.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmor Row.,  103 Col more Row (w).
Alkmaar Zaanstreek - the full name of AZ Alkmaar, which has 17023 members. 
The escape velocity of 1099 Figneria is 0.0155 km per second. 
Akron Summit Assault, a former ground is St Vincent-St Mary High School. It play in the Premier Development League where K-W United FC are champions. 
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, in Indiana. 
Bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT in the U.K.S. Bacon, which has bacon butty, macon sarnie, Rasher Sandwich, baco sanger, piece 'n barm, bocon cob (bacon Barm) and became an ingredient in it. It comes from the United Kingdom.
Aaron Bertram, a member of the Kids Imagine Nation and is associated with the Suburban Legends band. He plays pop music in Pop.
Antioch, California is a part of Contra Costa County, San Francisco Bay Area in California. Il y compris un total area de 75.324 square kilometres, and l'ispant can be found in China.
Andra, a solo singer, is i pop music. She's genre is Pop music and he has an background in solo singing.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km per sec and an apoapsis is 611961000.0 kilometres., (1036) Ganimed, a length of 168.6 km/sec, has the apoabsis of 611603600.0 (kilometres).
Abraham A. Ribicoff a successor was Anthony J Celebrezze., Anthony J. Campanezze was succeeded by Abraham A Riblicoff.
L'Université 1 Decembrie 1918 is located in Romania, where the Premier Minister Klaus Iohannis and its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle. L'Albans are an ethnic group such as Germans of Romania. La capitale dei Romania - Bucharest.
 Patrick McLoughlin is a leader of Derbyshire Dales, which is led by Patrick Mcoughlins. 
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata.
John Valor is an alternative name for the Black Pirate, which was created by Sheldon Moldoff. , Il-Black Pirate (or Jon Valor) comes under l'affiliation John Valor.
Ahmet Ertegun, a Rhythm and blues musician, was born 1923 in Washington D.C. In the U.S. A.R.A. He became an American whose background is non performing personnel.
Alvah Sabin a member of the Whig Party (United States) which is led by Daniel Webster. Il y's largest city in Vermont, l'orrivée dei Burlington.
Bakewell pudding, which is a dessert. It comes from the Derbyshire Dales and it can be varied by Bakewell tart. Its main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs. 
E. Wells discovered 107 Camilla, a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres, it has an epoch date 31 December 2006.
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, Denmark, is affiliated with the European University Association. It was established in 1928; it has 737 academic staff. Il y a student who are 16 000 students. L'école devrait être istituita en 1928.
A Loyal Character Dancer is a food found in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.  In the U.S. Y'll belonged to un loyal character dancer and one of the ethniques includes Asia-Americans.
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., has an ISSN number 1080-6377 and its discipline is mathématique. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cyril Ramaphosa is the leader and Asian South Africans are one of the ethnic groups. Il's capital city is Cape Town.
Columbus Blue Jackets are located in Columbus, Ohio.  The Cleveland Blue Coats (Columbus) is a part of the city of Carroll, OOhio.
In Belgio, where the German language is spoken., The german language of Belgium is German.
Alessio Romagnoli played for A.S. Roma in Serie A, a youth team of AS Roma whose league is SerieA. 
Alfred N. Phillips fought in the American Civil War and became a member of the United States Army. 
Airey Neave a was awarded the Territorial Decor Award. 
Alison O'Donnell, a jazz musician, is signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings and has Funk as derivative.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. played for Florida Panthers and he plays for the football club.
Allan Shivers, a member of the Democratic Party in the United States, was born in Lufkin, Texas. He worked as Governor of Texas and he represented Price Daniel.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and fought in the Topklasse 2014-15. It is a member of 5 000 members. 
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero, l'Operating organisation for Afonso Pena. 
Akeem Adams played for Ferencvarosi TC, whose manager is Thomas Doll., Thomas Doll was the manager of Ferencvárosi T.F.C. He formerly a member of Fcéastáil I.T.
Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands. 
T. S Thakur is a leader in India, where T.S Thaktor is the leader. 
Agustin Barboza signed to Philips Records and is a record label of Philips Record., Agustín Barbozas was jointly associated with Philipsrecords. 
L'aeroporto Antwerp International Airport, which is owned by the Flemish Region, is operated by an operating organisation of the Flmish Government. It is 12 metres above sea level and it has a runway length of 600.0.
Lydia II is a leader in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders. Il AIDS (journal) was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Akeem Adams played for the United Petrotrin F.C. whose home ground is Palo Seco, a member of the Trinidad and Tobago national under 20 football team.
Arem-arem is a region nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. 
 Nikos Voutsis - the leader of Greece, which is led by Tsis Poutsis. 
Auburn, Washington - part of King County, in Washington, U.S. Auburn is a member of the United States and has Seattle as its largest city.
Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in California, is located in Peoria, Illinois. It has AIDAluna as a power type of Caterpillar Co.
(19255) 1994 VK8, which has an orbital period of 8788850000.0, has a periapsis de 615591000000.0, and an escape velocity of 0.0925 km/s. Its epoch date is 31 December 2006.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957 and died 21 July 1998 in California.
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia, where the leader's leader is Jusufkola. 
Aaron Bertram started active in 1998. , was a member of the year 1998 and he began his career en 1998.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957. Il y a member of NASA in 1959 and died in California.
The inauguration date of Akita Museum of Art was on 28 October 2013 and it was inaugurated on the 28th September 2013.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, Malaysia. Il's main ingredients include: Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
John van den Brom played football for Istanbulspor A.Ah. He is a manager of AZ Alkmaar, whose owner is Robert Eenhoorn.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and lives in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching (Sarawak). Adenan Satem attended University of Adelaide.
Andrew Rayel, a member of Mark Sixma and Christian Burns, is associated with Mark Sima.
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the community of Madrid. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is l'Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, Brazil. 
B.V. Doshi e'r architect Amdavad ni Gufa, which was designed by B. V.Doshi. 
109 Felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000.0, and y'r peripops 28,3528000000.
Trane, a company founded on 01-01-1913 in La Crosse Wisconsin. Trane has 29,000 impieciens and operated amounts of HVAC. L'enquête was on 1st January 1913. Il y earn 10264000000 per l'incentivabilité de $875,400,000.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, i gceapprovisionnement of the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Is é an Memorial Turkish Martyrs' which was dedicated to soldats Ottoman army involved in feidhmiú sa Bhrasat Azerbaïdjan. 
Ram Naik is a leader in Uttar Pradesh, which part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. Il 'Agra Airport' s'est located in Oggi Lanka.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, which has Washington DC as its capital. Paul Ryan leads an President of the U.S. A.d.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg, which was part of the American Civil War. Abraham Lincoln is a commander in that war. 
AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, United States. It has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres and its time zone is North American Eastern Time Zone.
Aaron Turner a musician in black metal, is associated with the band Twilight. He plays Electric guitar and performs Black metal whose fusion genre is Death metal.
N.R. Pogson, Nottingham, discovered 107 Camilla on March 1st 2001, and died in Chennai. , N. R. Pggson (Nottingham) was born 01/03/ 2001.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He served as a test pilot, but he deceased.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis. He served as a test pilot.
A Severed Wasp, a print is available in print. It has an OCLC number 8805735 and the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
Aaron Turner played with Mamiffer and performs black metal music. He is a member of the band mammifr, where he plays Black metal. Death metal is an element of fusion genre.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He lived in Kuching and he represented Asajaya.
Gus Poyet played for AEK Athens FC and plays for football club. 
William Anders a crew member of Apollo 8 operated by NASA. He retired on 1st September 1969. Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot.
B postcode area - Birmingham, where the postal code is B.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Vladimir Putin is a leader. 
Abradab is associated with Magik (rapper).
Alex Day performs Synthpop which has its stylistic origins in disco.
At -3.3528 is a runway length of 3500.0, it serves the city of Amsterdam. L'arrivée de l'aeroporto Schiphol - 3.3528 ar an n-dessus sea level.
Frank de Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax. 
Baymax created by Duncan Rouleau, Americans. It is a film Big Hero 6 which starred Damon Wayans Jr.
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart which has frangipana. 
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy, where Arrabbiata sauce can be found. Il'y compris l'italien language and it is led by Sergio Matarella. 
Bananaman first aired on 3rd October 1983. 
In the United Kingdom, British people are a n-monym of this country. 
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy, where the capital city is Rome. Il soggiorno arrabbiata t'Arrabbiata n'y can be found. Is l'arrabbiato sauce comes from Italy. L'ortaggi dei paesi are Italians and it is led by Sergio Matarella.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, where Austin Fernando and Ranil Wickremesinghe are leaders. It has 476 bed counts.
1099 Figneria, a temperature of 156.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 km. Its escape velocity is 0.0155 km per second and it has eטמוספציה 15,6.0 Kelvins.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989, a manitoba.
103 Hera, which has an epoch date of 27th August 2011, has a periapsis of 371240000.0 km., Mae poids de 103Hera is 31 July 2011 and it has paestropis 3371240000,0 (kilometres).
Noodles are an ingredient in Bakso, which contains Noodles. 
Rolando Maran, a member of A.C. Chievo Verona, was born in Italy. He played for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. and Carrarese Calcio.
Tom Lyle and Roger Stern created the comic character Blockbuster. 
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company on May 1950-August 1956. It has a length of 17068.8 millimetres, o V12 engine and it was constructed on mai 1950 - August 1956.
Dan Mishkin created Bolt, Larry Bolatinsky and Paris Cullins.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines, where one of the ethnic groups is Zamboangans and Chinese Filipino. Il's language is Philippine Spanish. L'espèce dei pauvreta - Pechino Spanja.
In 2000, l'Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road ( Bangalore – 560090), India. It was established in 2000 and its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar. 
As AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Amsterdam, where Eberhard van der Laan is a leader. 
Al Asad airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. It is 610 metres above sea level and it has an elevation of 618 feet. 
AFC Ajax, which has 53502 members, is owned by AFC Airways N.V. and a total area of 535202 members. 
Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in Illinois, United States, has Douglas R Oberhelman as a key person and its power type is the AIDAluna., L'Aidaluna fût le Caterpillar In Illinois (United States). L'Adjudiciel de l'ADJAluna belongs to the U.S
Carl A Wirtanen discovered (29075) 1950 DA. 
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. Akron (Ohio) is in l'Ethnic group there.
Il-dean della Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta, Switzerland. It has 600 students and an dean in the Dean of l'Accademia (dianMario Botte).
Alessio Romagnoli played for U.C. Sampdoria and is a member of AC Milan, whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović. He plays in Serie A e he has Silvio Berlusconi as its chairman. 
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., has an ISSN number 1080-6377 and its frequenze is bmonthly., L'American Journal de Math (abbrv. am.j. math.) hails in the academic discipline of Math.
Bhajji, a subsidiary name Bhajji is Bhaji, bajji in India. Its main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables. It is also known as bhajji; it comes from India.
Agnes Kant, a West Germany, was born in West Germania. Agnes Kant's Alma mater is Radboud University Nijmegen and worked as the Socialist Party (Netherlands).
Ducati is a subsidiary of Audi, which manufactured Audi A1., A1 was manufatted by Audi and Ducati. L'apparecchiature degli Audi (adjudicate Deucati).
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Finland, Finland. 
Adam Koc fought in World War I e was awarded Parasol for the Officer's Star parasol.
AmeriGas, a member of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, is located in the United States. It was founded on 4th July 1776 and it has total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres., Democrat AmeriGas (founded by 776.4.1776) situated in King D'Prussia-Pennsylvanie.
Andrew Rayel, a Trance musician, has its stylistic origins in pop music. Jwaydan Moyine is associated with John Digweed and J Waydan Mayine.
Il sandwich bacon is a variation of the BLT and it comes from the United Kingdom. Il y comprise l'introduzione dei Bacon Sandwich, which can be found in the UK.
Alvah Sabin was born on 23 October, 1793 in Georgia, Vermont. He worked as a Secretary of State ofVermont and began office as the secrétaire of St. Vermond. 
Airey Neave, a Knightsbridge, fought in the Battle of France. He began his career on March 4th 1974 and became active on 30 May 1979.
Albert Uderzo created Asterix, a comic character, René Goscinny and Albert UDerzo. 
Auburn, Washington is a part of Pierce County and King County in Washington, U.S. La capitale devient Washington D.C.
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by the Assot Techsystems, which produces AGM-88 HARM. It is a gestionnaire of the Associazione Travaillent tecnologies, producing an AGR ACM-88.
HOK SVE is the architect of 3Arena which was designed by HOK SSVE. 
Greek is a language in Greece, where they speak Greek.  Grecia is an ethnic spoken in Grecia.
Alan Martin, who was born on 1st January 1989. He played football for Hamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra F.C.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a food found in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans. It comes from an English language which was written in Great Britain.
Ajoblanco contains bread. Ajoblanco is a food found in Spain, Spain. 
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. Washington D.C. C'est la capitale in Washington DC.
The Acura TLX has a 9 speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6) transmission. 
Kelvin Mao is a alternative name for Ballistic (comics character) which was created by Doug Moench. 
Arròs negre is a food found in the region of the Valencian Community, where Ximo Puig and Felipe VI are leaders. Arròs Negre originates from Spain. Il y compris Spanacciards et El Salvador (Galiferi).
Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States.  Saranac Lake - part degli Stati Uniti.
Alison O'Donnell, a member of Plastik Mak and head South By Weaving, is associated with the band Head South byWeaving., Mae Alisono'donnell was affiliated with Plastic Mak or Head south By Waving and became attached to his band Göl SouthBy Weleave.
Anders Osborne, a guitarist, is associated with Johnny Sansone. He plays rock music and was recorded by Okeh Records. Or bhangra (music) debhogra can be found in Rock music.
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC, has an epoch date of 27 June 2015. It has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 km., 11 August 2015 is l'espèce de 1001 Gausia, whose époch was on 31st June 2015, and it had its apoapsis of 41 1911339455312 kilometres. 
Angola, Indiana is a destination in the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Binignit contains coconut milk and is a food found in the Visayas region, Philippines. Il contient sweet potato as well as saskat tal-Valias.
Ajoblanco, a alternative name of Ajoblanco is Ajo Blanco.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor. Ala' Abdul Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club.
Swords, Dublin is part of Dublin (Partie Parliamentary European).
Ram Naik is a leader in Uttar Pradesh, o Awadh et Bundelkhand. Il y rassemblent l'Afghanistan where the native name is Kheria Air Force Station. 
L'1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania, where Klaus Iohannis leads le Premier Minister. L'université dei 1 Decreti 1918 f'est l'Alba-Iulia (capital: Bucharest).
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders. 
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. (corporation) is l'espèce de A.S.C. et un key person on the CEO. 
The Alhambra had its maiden voyage on 7th July 1855. 
B.M. Reddy is a president of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India. It's governed by b.m. reddy. 
A Severed Wasp e's from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. A severed wasp originates from English (whose in Great Britain) and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Amarillo, Texas is a country in the United States. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a food found in the United States, where Joe Biden is an ethnic group of African Americans. L'Ethnic group degli Stati Uniti comes from English (as well as Great Britain).
Ab Klink, a nationality in Stellendam, was born in Schardam. He represented the Christian Democratic Appeal Party and is part of the Netherlands where Mark Rutte is leader.
Aaron Deer is a musician of indie rock, Indiana in the United States. He originated in Indiana, U.S.
Agnes Kant, a nationality of the Netherlands, is istituite by Mark Rutte. Agnes Kant worked as an Parliamentary group leader in France (led by Emile Roemer).
Hypermarcas, which is located in São Paulo, has 10252 impieciens. Il'y a revenue of $1800000000, fought in Sao Paulo.
A Loyal Character Dancer has an ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3., The ISBN Number of A loyal Character dancer is 1-52395-301-5.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves Amsterdam, where it is served by Amsterdam. 
Andra, a solo singer, was born in Câmpia Turzii in 1986. She is an rhythm and blues musician whose genre is Rhythm and Blues.
Il-welfare of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 July 1907 in Frederick County, Maryland. It is categorised as a district de Historic districts in the United States.
1089 Tama, formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB;, has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 and it had an orbital period of 1202.846 days. Its apoapsis is 373513000.0 (kilometres).
Airey Neave, Knightsbridge, was born in  Knightbridge and fought in World War II. , Airey Nave is a member of the Battles in WWI-WII.
Chinabank, a type of public company, was founded on 16 August 1920 in Manila. It has 295 locations and its net income is 15,100,000,000.,  Chinabank (founded 08-16-1920) operates un service public organisational; it had 295 locomotives, but an revenue net density is 15100000000.
James Craig Watson, whose state of origins in Canada, discovered 103 Hera., Il-Canadian James Craig (Watson) was originally from Canada.
Albert Jennings Fountain, Staten Island, New York, died in Doña Ana County (New Mexico), U.S. A.J.A.N.C.
Jack Kirby created the comic character Balder. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the U.S.T. St. Louis and died in St Louis.
L'AMC Matador, a model year 1974, is assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin. Il y compris an AMC Ambassador and l'Ambassade of Amérique latine.
Mae shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in Bakewell pudding, a variation of the tart f'Bakewell tart.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia, Indonesia. Il y compris Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group of Malaysia. , Ayam Penyet comes from Indonesia and it contains fried chicken, which include beef or Chicken as one of the main ingredients.
 1097 Vicia, a mass of 9.8 kgs, has an epoch date 31 December 2006, it has its orbital period 135589000.0, periapsis is 279142000000.0., (107) 698 km/h, fought on the 31st December 2006. It has sa mass de 9,8 kilograms and had an orbitel period 1355689000,0. Its peripsisis is 259140000000,0.
Ace Wilder's record label is EMI Records. It was signed to the home label EMI Record.
Ab Klink, a member of the House of Representatives, was born in Stellendam. He attended Leiden University and worked as Member of Appeal Christian Democratical.
At 210 metres above sea level, l'Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. Il y serves the city of Alpena and it has a runway length of 1533.0.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where the legislature is National Assembly. Is é an tSaorán Azerbaïdjan's capital is Baku. Ba'r de chuid Ard-Stiúrthóireachta Turkurgica Martyrs.
Mae, ice cream, pudding or Christmas Pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska in Paris, New York ou Hong Kong, France, U.S.O. China. Ils include meringue and sponge cake (or Christmas phudding).
 Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States. 
A Long Long Way has an ISBN number of 0-670-0380-4 and a ISBN Number of 0-370-03380-4.
Trane is located in Swords, Dublin, Ireland. Trane comes from Ireland.
 1097 Vicia, a epoch date 31 December 2006, has i periapsis of 279142000000,0 and apoapsis is 511592000.0 km. 
William Anders e William Anders was a backup pilot of Apollo 11's Apollo 11.
Julia Morgan, a New York born in California. Julia Morgan was an architect of the Asilomar Conference Grounds and is attached to Hearst Castle as well as Chinatown, San Francisco. J'y designed de multiples édifices commençant le Riverside Art Museum.
Ay Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982 in Stockholm, Stockholm. He became a solo singer and fought in 1980., Ey's sequel to the solo singing Ace-Wilder whose birth date is 22nd May 1982 en Stockholm.
103 Hera, which has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 km. It has the escape velocity of 0.0482 km per sec and its temperatura is 171 Kelvins.
1101 Clematis, a epoch date of 31 December 2006, has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an apoapsis of 520906000.0 km. 
AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises which are located in Rostock and operates it. 
Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India, where Sumitra Mahjan are leaders. 
Akita Museum of Art is a part of Akita, Japan. It is led by Tarō Aso and has an ethnic group as the Japanese people. 
Aaron Turner is from Boston., Alan Turner was born in Boston, Boston.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé commence production in 1958. 
Aleksandra Kovač is associated with Kornelije Kovac. 
The Olympique Lyonnais's ground is located at the Parc Olimpique Lionnais. 
Arlington, Texas is part of Texas. Arlington in Texas has a language spoken in English. 
At Antwerp International Airport is owned by Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. L'atterraggio de 12 metres above sea level, it has a runway length of 600.0.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece. 
Acharya Institute of Technology is a sport offered to tennis, which was governed by the International Tennis Federation. 
Alberto Teisaire, aménagé in Mendoza, Argentina on May 5th 1891, it was succeeded by Isaac Rojas. E'n Rear-Ammiral and he became his successor Jacqueline RojAS. 
Albany, Oregon has a total area of 45.97 square kilometres., Leny (Oregon) hails 45..97 sq km.
A.S. Roma played in the Serie A 2014-15 season. 
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California, where they were foundd., L'founding Place of California is California and Caterpillar Inc.
ENAIRE, l'aeroporto Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas is located in Alcobendas, Madrid, Spain. ENAIRE operates Aetroport de Madrid (Madrid).
101 Helena, which has an apoapsis of 441092000.0 (kilometres) and an average speed of 18.44 km per sec., Massima velocita' 101-Helena is 18,44 km/s in second, it has the apoabsis de 441920000.0 kilometres. 
Walter Baade, a student of the University of Göttingen, was born in the German Empire. He discovered 1036 Ganymed and Halton Arp as well as Allan Sandage.
Bacon sandwich is a popular in the United Kingdom, where ketchup or brown sauce can be found. Is é an comhábhar bacon (seachas name: Bucon butty, Bacon sarnie), rasher Sandwich, baco sanger, piece 'n-bacon, bocon cob, bucon barm, macon muffin.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in Chicago, worked as a United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. Casey Ribcoff's spouse is Casei Riblicoff., Mae Abraham A Ramidoff (in Chicago) operates as the U.S
Asser Levy Public Baths, which were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 and are located at Asser Ley Place and East 23nd Street. Its reference number is 80002709. It was aggiunto all'Annon 23, 1980.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid, New York, a Saranac Lake, NY. Its runway length is 1219.0.
The AMC Matador is a related means of transport and the Ambassador., L'Ambassadeur, Inc. M.M.A.C. are relatives types de transport.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, is available in print. It has an ISBN number of 978-1-4165-4253-7 and was published in Print. 
Arrabbiata sauce is a toscana, Italy. It's an ingredient in Arrabbiata which has tomato as one of its ingredients. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is a food found in India, where T. S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders. Amdavad NiGufa originates from India.
Airey Neave commence active his career on 30th June 1953 and fined on March 30, 1979. 
Asser Levy Public Baths, a 23rd Street (Manhattan), were constructed in 1904 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1980. It has an architecture style Romanesque Revival. Its reference number is 80002709.
Agustin Barboza, a solo singer, is signed to Philips Records and plays Guarania music. Agustin Gaboza's musical genre is Guarani (music).
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, l'Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, is located in ARApiraca, Brazil. Il y played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions. 
Agustin Barboza, who died in Asunción, Gran Asuncion, Paraguay. Juan Afara is a leader of Paraguai. Agustin Barboz deb's place f'Asunción (part of gran Asunciones).
3Arena a Dublin is part of the Republic of Ireland, where Críona Ní Dhálaigh is l'oifige Live Nation Entertainment. Il y tenant 3Arena in Dublin (part of la Repubblica irlandais).
Aenir, a print publication, was written by Garth Nix. It has an ISBN number of 0-439-17684-0 and it is published in print., GarthNix wrote the book Aenur (ISBN number: 0-4366398-0).
A Wizard of Mars, which is available in hardcover, has an ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2., The OCLC number for A's U.S.R.M. (ISBN number 0-204770-2) - 978-20-33804700-2.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville, a part of battle. 
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students., Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore (India). L'Istituto dei Technological J.Y.N.J.L.R.F. O.S.O.C. Inaugurated in 2000.
Trane, a subsidiary, was founded in La Crosse Wisconsin. Il's total area is 58.38 and it has an area of 56.38.,  Trane comes under the subsitorial system de LaCrosse (w). L'y compris sequel to Lacrosse) Wisconsin; c'est en matière de Subsidiario.
Austin, Texas has a population density of 1296.65 (inhabitants per square kilometre) and its area code is 512. It hails 686.0 sq km; it had an total area of 703.95 square kilometers.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez's club is A.D. Isidro Metapan and he plays for AS IDRO Metapán. 
Taro Aso - leader Japan. 
Anderson, Indiana is a part of Madison County in Indiana, U.S.A.
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Cold Harbor, which is part of the American Civil War. Robert E Lee was a commander in this war. 
Andra, a solo singer, was born in Romania in 1986. She became active in the Rhythm and Blues genre. Andra is an rhythm and blues musician.
 1097 Vicia, a epoch date 31 December 2006, has an orbital period of 135589000.0., (107) Viscia (févr. 31st/ديسمبر 2006) ha had an apogée de l'épopsia 26 December 2006.
 Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark which has Copenhagen as its capital. 
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where Boris Johnson and Elizabeth II are leaders. London (capital: London), a l'arrivée dei pauvres -Elizabeth II. L'orrivée c'est la monarchia euro pound sterling.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is signed to RCA Records and has an art form Zamba. Il's background is singer solitario.
Alex Plante was born on May 9th 1989 in Brandon, Manitoba. He is a member of the Anyang Halla club and fought in 1989.
1099 Figneria has a mass of 2.7 kgs. 
 Cornell University has a nickname of Cornl Big Red. 
Alex Plante is 1.9204m tall and has an height of 1.93.04 2004.
107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, was discovered by N.R. Pogson and it had an Epoch on 31st December 2006.
Sergio Mattarella and Pietro Grasso are leaders in Italy, where Rome is the capital. Amatriciana sauce comes from. Is a traditional Italian which has l'emergence of Rome. 
Aaron S Daggett went on to win the Purple Heart. 
Alfons Gorbach, a birth place in Austria, was in office while Adolf Schärf was president.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a total clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox All-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle. It has an engine of 4387.0 (cintimetres)., Alvis speed 25 is operated by un sequel to al-pilent/ql-comhp, single plate c5735,
L-Aviation Forces United States, which fought in the Korean War, operates Al Asad airbase. L-U.S. Air Force is l-équipage dei bagar Lockheed AC-130 and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle. Il-O.R.F.C.
Abilene, Texas is part of Jones County, Ohio in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore, where Beef kway teow can be found. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is an art form Zamba. Il's genre consists in Zambe (artform).
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the City Admin. It is a title of the city Administrator. 
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, was available in E-Book. It is a media type of E book. 
