Marv Wolfman a was awarded Eagle Award (comics).
William Anders a crew member of Apollo 8 where Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin was the backup pilot. William Anders retired on 1st September 1969. He served in mission for Apollo 8.
 Juan Peron a member of the Labour Party in Argentina. 
Anders Osborne, a rock musician, is associated with Tab Benoit and Galactic band. Anders Osborn plays Rock music. He has Billy Iuso et TabBenoit.
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is a bryning Lane and has 3180 members. 
The inauguration date of Akita Museum of Art was on 28 October 2013, and it was inaugurated on the 28th September 2013., Akita museum of art's inauguracion date is 09/09/1913. 
Andrew Rayel, whose genre is Trance, has its stylistic origins in Pop music. He played with Bobina and Christian Burns.
James Craig Watson was an epoch date of 101 Helena on 31 December 2006, and died in Madison, Wisconsin. It was discovered by James Craig (Watson) whose nationality is Canada. Il y a year 31st 2006.
The AMC Matador is a related means of transport and the Ambassador de l'AMC.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire, United States. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and became a crew member of Apollo 14 but died in California.
Bacon sandwich is a popular in the United Kingdom, which contains ketchup or brown sauce. Is é an comhábhar bacon (mar shampla b'bacon butty, Bacon sarnie), rasher Sandwich, baco sanger, piece 'n barm, bocon cob, bucon bar m, macon muffin.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., The Abbreviation of the Acte Matamaitica Hungaria (abbrv. It's Act A Math.
Alan Shepard, who retired on 1st August 1974, was a crew member of Apollo 14 and became part of the Apollo 14.
Alan B Miller Hall, Williamsburg, Virginia, is owned by the College of William & Mary. It was constructed on 30 March 2007 and it was completed in 31 March 2007.
Batagor - siomay, a variation of Batagor. Il y contains peanut sauce and it s'aggraved by batagor.
AFC Ajax, which has 53502 members, is owned by AFC A.V. and a total area of 535202 members. 
Abel Caballero, a Ponteareas in Spain, was born in Galicia (Spain).
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the City Admin. It is a title of the city Administrator. 
Buzz Aldrin, a US national, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He is an American whose nationality is the U.S.A.
3Arena is located at East Link Bridge. 
HOK SVE is the architect of 3Arena, which was designed by HOK SSVE. 
Il Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner are an Memorial Turkish Martyrs' which was designed by Huseyin Bütüner et Hilmini Güner. 
Mae, ice cream, saphir or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska in Paris, New York ou Hong Kong, France, U.S. Or China. Ils include meringue and sponge cake (or Christmas Pudding).
Austin, Texas a County density of population is 1296.65 inhabitants per square kilometre and it has an area code 512. It hails 686.0 sq km/l.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the largest city in Washtenaw County. Ann ארצ's citta'l density of this County.
Len, a t-agglomerate dei Cirus, is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa. Ilen y compris le limon, c'est un ghort grames cilius. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia, Indonesia. Il y compris an ethnic group of Malaysia where one of the ingredients are fried chicken and it includes Chicken.
Appleton serves Appleton, Wisconsin. Greenville is part of Ellington and Little Chute (in Wisconsin).
Abradab, a became born in Katowice, Poland, Polonia. , Abradab, fought in Iodáil, Pologne (Pologne).
Massimo Drago, whose manager is A.C. Cesena, played for S.S.D. Potenza Calcio and FC Catania. Mr. Drago has been manager of A C Cesenea.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy. 
Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy, which contains Chicken. 
Andrew Rayel, a member of Mark Sixma and Christian Burns, is associated with the musical artist Marc Sima.
Beef kway teow, which is a food found in Singapore and Indonesia. It has an ingredient of oyster sauce as one of the ingredients.
10 Hygiea, formerly known as A900 GA, has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and it was once referred to AS900GA. 
Alex Day, a solo singer, performs Synthpop and originated from pop music. It is derived from house music and synthpop has its stylistic origins in Pop.
Adenan Satem was the successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud. 
Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., where the AIDAluna was powered by l'Applet line. 
Alberto Teisaire, a member of Mendoza, Argentina, was born on May 5th 1891, 1891. He became Rear-Ammiral and succeeded Isaac Rojas. 
 Asunción is a part of Gran Asuncion. 
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom. 
AZAL PFK, which has a ground in AZAL Arena, play in the Azerbaijan Premier League. Qarabag FK are their champions. 
Bacon Explosion, which is part of the main course. It has bacon as one of its ingredients.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California, where they are founding.
Buffalo, New York, a part of Erie County, new York. 250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo (New York).
Above the Veil is available in hardcover. 
L'AIDAstella, a owned by Costa Crociere, was built by Meyer Werft. It is 253260.0 millimetres in length and it has an beam of 32.2 long. Il y l'est located on Marway Werf.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl, y has 5300 members. It was in the Stadio Pietro Barbetti and had a total name of A.S. gubbiO 1910 which play in 2014.
AIDAluna, which is owned by AIDA Cruises in Rostock, was founded in California. It has a power type of Caterpillar Inc. (founded at California) and operates it as l'Applet Inc.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is a leader in Pakistan.  Anwarzaheer jamali and an Nawaz Jalali are leaders of Pakistan.
Adisham Hall e'r in Sri Lanka, where Tamil is the language. Adisham Hall comes from.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, a type of dessert. Il y compris cookies or Cookie. 
Il-Administration Civil Aviation Pakistan, which is located in Punjab, Pakistan. It is operated by the Allama Iqbal International Airport where Jinnah is its headquarters., L-Assemblea Provinciale of La Pradesh (Pakistan) is led by l-Assembla électorale de la Province.
Il-journal AIDS (journal) is a academic discipline of HIV, y compris the family of Orthoretrovirinae. Il-il-l-phyl-L-ISSN derives from HIV. 
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, was preceded by Grantville Gazette III. 
Il-Harm Emanuel is a leader of Chicago, part of DuPage County, Illinois, in the United States. 300 North LaSalle has 60 floors.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is led by Albuquerques City Council. Il's title of the city Council in this country is Albuqueraque (New Mexico).
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. Its main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Gabriela Michetti is a leader in Argentina, where Gabriela Machetti leads. 
Airey Neave, a fought in the Battle of France, was awarded an Order of the British Empire and ended his career on 30th March 1979.
The 1955 Dodge has a 230 cubic inches. It has an engine capable of 230 cm., It is powered by 250 (cubic inch).
(410777) 2009 FD has a minimum temperature of 211.0 kelvins. It has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres, it has 221.0 kelvin. 
A.S. Roma played in Serie A 2014-15, 2014-2015. 
Aaron Bertram, a member of the Kids Imagine Nation and plays for Suburban Legends. He is associated with Kids Immagini Nation but performs pop music.
Alvah Sabin, a part of Vermont, Illinois, became active in the 3rd Congressional District. He fought on March 4th 1853 and died in Sycamore (Illinois).
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, part of the community of Madrid. 
B.V. Doshi e'l architect of Amdavad ni Gufa, which was designed by B. V.Doshi. 
Alfons Gorbach, who was born in Austria-Hungary, where Doris Bures is a leader and died en Austria.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born in Iraq, where Ahmad Kadhimi Assaad is a member of the U.K.A.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States, where Richard J Berry is a leader. It is governed by Albuquerques City Council in the U.S.A.
Bakso - comes from Indonesia, where Jakarta is the capital. It's governed by Joko Widodo and it can be found nationwide in Indonesia. Ily compris Indonesian language is indonesian.
Abel Caballero, a fought in Galicia (Spain), became in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch and Francisco Franco.
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ottawa, in the United States. Washington D.C. Is a capital and Native Americans are an ethnic group from the U.S.
Agustin Barboza, aménagtaithe in Asunción, en Paraguay 5 May 1913. Agustin Gaboza was born on 05/05/2005, Asuncion (Paraguay).
Poaceae, a class of Monocotyledon, is the surface type of the 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) in poaceae. 
Aenir was followed by Above the Veil, which is written in English. It comes from a language of English.
Agustin Barboza, a solo singer, was born in Asunción, en Paraguay. Agustin Gaboza's genre is Guarania and he became part of the musical genre guarania.
Anaheim, California is a part of Orange County (part of Greater Los Angeles area) in California, United States. Anaheim leads the California State Assembly.
A Wizard of Mars, published in hardcover, was written by Diane Duane and ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
Allan Shivers fought in World War II and fecame a member of the Battles. 
Led AIDS (journal) in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders. It is a leader of the UK, whose capital city is London. Ild 'Elizabeth II leads an U.K.
Akeem Dent played for the Atlanta Falcons, which is owned by Arthur Blank. He made his debut at the team of Atlanta Eagles (Arthur Blank).
The Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 and was a construction of 1904.
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans. It comes from an English language which can be heard in Great Britain.
1036 Ganymed has a temperature of 160.0 kelvins. 
Alfred N. Phillips, who was born in Connecticut, worked as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 4th district and fought in Whiskey Rebellion.
Albert Jennings Fountain, Staten Island, New York, died in Doña Ana County (New Mexico), United States.
Alan B Miller Hall, which is owned by the College of William and Mary, was inaugurated on 30 March 2007 in Virginia. , Alan B Miller Hall (in Virginia) operated by John William & Mary; it had its construction date 31 March 2007.
A.S. Roma, a full name Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A and has 70634 members. It play in the Serie A 2014-15.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., has an ISSN number 1588-2632 and the LCCN number 83645315., LCCN Number 86463315, Acte Mathematics Fuliغرافيta (abbrv. It.)
Athens, where Giorgos Kaminis is the president of Athens, has a ground for AEK Athens F.C. They are located in Athens. It's home to the Olympic Stadium (Anns) which is situated at Athens.
Alan Frew played with Glass Tiger and is associated with the band Glass Tigre., The musical artist Alan Frews was a member of Glass tigre and plays for Black Tiger.
Bionico e's dessert is a food found in Mexico, where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader. Il y compris le Spanish language and it can be varied by Cookie. 
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St Vincent-St Mary High School. It play in the Premier Development League where K-W United FC are champions.
Amsterdam- Centrum is a part of Amsterdam-Centre. 
Sandesh (confectionery) e Baked Alaska is a dessert. Il y contains Christmas pudding and sandesh are types of desserts. 
Aleksandra Kovac commence active in 1990 and performs soul music.
Port Fortin is a destination in Trinidad. 
Al Asad airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. It is 610 metres above sea level and it has an elevation of 618 feet. 
Vegetables are an ingredient in Batchoy, which is part of it. 
The Acura TLX, manufactured by Honda, is a Inline-four engine. It has l'incorporation of Honda and an inline four engine.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Artur Rashizade leads. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group. Il's capital of the U.S. - Washington DC. L'English language comes from Great Britain.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of the U.S. where African Americans are an ethnic group. Alpharetta in Georgia (in California).
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, which is in the United States. Washington DC is the capital of the U.S.
Arròs negre, a t-ingredient in Spain is saquid. Arròs Negre originates from Spain. 
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria, where Doris Bures is a leader. He died in Graz. L'Austrian German language is Austrian german.
Avocado is a species of Persea. The Avocado comes from the genre of persea.
Adam Holloway, who was born in Kent, is a member of the Conservative Party (UK) and attended Magdalene College Cambridge.
The Antares rocket, manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, was launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It had its maiden flight on 21 April 2013 and its final flight 28th October 2014.
Anderson, Indiana is a part of Indiana, in the United States. Il's headquarters are Washington D.C. and it is led by the Democratic Party (United States) which has Indianapolis as its capital.
Il Derbyshire Dales, a part of Eddyshire. Il y contains shortcrust pastry as an ingredient in Bakewell pudding. It is comparable to the tart f'Bakewell Pudding (part of Debbieshire).
Aleksandr Prudnikov, a member of FC Kuban Krasnodar, was born on 24 February 1989. He played for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kovan krasnodar. 
The Antares rocket, manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, was launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It had its maiden flight on 21 April 2013 and it was made by the Yuqnoya Design office., Antares (missile) is manufactured by Yzhnofoye Development Office and has its first voyage on 22nd April 2013. Its maiden flight was on 4th April 2016.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas. 
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé a final production of 1958 was produced in 1958. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army. , Abdulsalamu Abubaka was a member of the Nigérian Armando.
AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises, which is located in Rostock. L'Operateur of l'Aidaluna n'est occupyd by the Aida Cruise Line. 
Aaron S Daggett a became awarded the Purple Heart. 
Airey Neave started his career on 30th June 1953 and began her debut on March 30, 1979. 
Aleksandra Kovač's background is solo singer. 
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Tyrol. He died in Graz o Graz.
Bhajji, which is a food found in India, has gram flour and vegetables. Its main ingredients are gram glour, gular, but it comes from India.
Inuktitut is a language of Canada where they speak in Ittitut. 
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is a leader. Il's anthem is O Canada and the Slavey language is one of its languages.
John Clancy is a Labour politician. John Madin was born in Birmingham, where they are leaders and b postcode area of B.
L'Atlantic City International Airport, which has a runway length of 3048.0, is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, U.S.A.
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County, Alba. 
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., is in academic discipline mathématique and has the ISSN number 0236-5294.
Aleksandra Kovač - associated with Kornelije Kovac. 
A Glastonbury Romance, in print, has 1174 pages. It can be found in Print and is available inPrint. 
Binignit, a dessert in Visayas, Philippines. Il convient dei Binignit; it includes banana and sweet potatoes.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, became a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He represented sarawak and belonged to the party pesaka bumputera (Bersatu).
The full name of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, which is partly known as A.
James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada, discovered 101 Helena. He attended the University of Michigan and died from peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
The Atlas II had a final flight on 16th March 1998. 
At serves the city of Abilene, Texas. It is 546 metres above sea level and it has a runway name 17R/35L. Its ICAO location identifier is KABI.
Bo Bibbowski, a full name de Bibbo Bibbaowski (w) was created by Marv Wolfman and Jerry Ordway.
3Arena located in Dublin, Poblacht na Repubblica Irlande. Críona Ní Dhálaigh is a leader of Dublin (Poblacht na Ireland).
10 Hygiea, which has a temperature of 164.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 (kilometres) e its surface area is 837080.744 square kilometres. It hails ar orbital 6100090,744 sq kms and it had the apoabsis de 525391582.83968 kelvin. 
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore, where Standard Chinese is the language. 
Alex Day performs Synthpop which has its stylistic origins in disco.
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy, where Arrabbiata sauce can be found. Il y compris l'italien language and it is led by Sergio Matarella. 
Auron, a person of Americans, was created by Walt Simonson and Karl Kesel.
Sandesh (confectionery) is a dessert. Bionico comes from Mexico, where Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader. Il y compris sandesh or Sandesh. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay, where Daniel Martinez (politician) and Raul Fernando Sendic Rodríguez are leaders. Il y compris Spanish is the language.
Lancia Thema is the cary of Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, where Rome is la capital. Il's leader is Rome and it is a related means of transport. 
 Dublin is part of Leinster and Dublin includes Leenster. 
William Anders, who was born in British Hong Kong on 17th October 1933. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. 1962 and became a fighter pilot. William Anders retired on 1st September 1969.
(66063) 1998 RO1, formerly known as 1999 SN5, has an epoch date of 4th November 2013, and it had an orbital period of 360.29 days. Its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 (kilometres).
Allen Forrest, a solo singer, was born in Fort Campbell, KY, raised in Dothan, AL. He performs acoustic music and his background is solo singer.
Buzz Aldrin a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA. , Buzz Aldin e'n mission for Apollo 11.
John Valor is an alternative name for the Black Pirate, which was created by Sheldon Moldoff. , Jen Valor comes from the black Pirate (or Jon Valor) a creator de Phildon moldoff and Shelddon Modoff.
Andrew the Apostle is a patron saint in Romania, where Andrew the Apostolle and Andrew., The patron Saint of Romania is Andrew The apostolle.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, l'Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, is located in Alagoas, Brazil. Ily are champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C where Vila Nova Futebol Clube competed.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, y play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions of campionat  Brasiliens. 
AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India. It has 250 academic staff and its largest city is Mumbai. Il n-est de l'Indiana; Mahe et Ganges are part of the ganges.
AmeriGas serves all'United States, where AmeriGas is a company in the energy industry. It earns all regions of the U.S.A.
Albuquerque, New Mexico a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre, has an area name of 486.2 sq km. Its area code is 505, 575 and its total area is 490.9 (square kilometres).
Abilene, Texas is a part of Texas. It serves the city of Abilenne in Texas and it includes several places. 
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tublanco Othman was Vice President. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. It is led by T S Thakur and l'Assemblée législative Uttar Pradesh.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups., In the U.S. hails un héritage ethnique degli A loyal Character dancer which was foiled by Sao O Press. It comes from the US a country whose ethnique is African americans. 
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957 and died 21st July 1998 in California.
The Apollo 14 was operated by NASA. 
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, which is a destination in Belgium. It is led by Philippe of Belgium and l'aeroporto s'est rassemblé enBelgique. 
Wiley-Blackwell is the publisher of Addiction journal. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and African Americans are an ethnic group., Letz Alcatraz Versu the Ltz Clerans comes from the U.S. which has Washington DC as its capital. Ily hails allemand a gruppi ethniques degli Amériques.
Arem-arem is a main course in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. L'ingredients are: compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings., Mae più specific per Java, Il-Indonésien, ma meglio spécifiquement jusqu'à Java.
Anders Osborne was signed to Shanachie Records and is recorded by Shani Records.
L'Arctech Helsinki Shipyard e Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland, where Finns are ainmneacha. 
San Sebastian de los Reyes is a food found in Spain. 
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington in the U.S. where Washington D.C. is the capital and Auburn (part of King County).
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 km. 
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, County of Tyrol. He died in Graz o Graz. 
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kgs. 
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, abbreviated to Acta Paleontol. Pol. It has an ISSN number of 1732-2421 and an LCCN number 60040714. 
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ottawa, U.S. Akron in a country where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish-Soviet War and was awarded an Order of Polonia Restituta. Adam Koc became attached to the Cross of Valour (Poland).
K-W United FC e's champions of the Premier Development League. 
Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., which was located in the United States. It has AIDAluna as its power type.
Amdavad ni Gufa, Gujarat, India, is located in Ahmedabad. It is led by Narendra Modi and l'Assemblé législative Uttar Pradesh.
Aaron Deer, a Psychedelia musician, plays guitar and performs Psychedelicia.
Andra, a Rhythm and blues musician, is associated with Puya and CRBL. Andra's genre was rhythm and Blues.
Alessio Romagnoli, who played for UC Sampdoria, is a member of A.C. Milan in Serie A, where Siniša Mihajlović and Silvio Berlusconi are the chairman.
Il-militaire 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 July 1907 in Frederick County, Maryland. It is categorised as a district of Historic districts in the United States.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., which play in Serie A, are champions of Juventus F.C. and their home ground is Stadio Olimpico.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a Nigerian born in Niger State, worked as Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria).
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II e became a member of the United States Army. , Barack Abner W Sbal belongs to the U.S. A.R. J.B.J.W.F.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci, who plays for Genoa C.F.C. and Real Madrid FC. 
AIDAluna, owned by AIDA Cruises, is Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in Illinois, United States. Douglas R. Oberhelman and DouglasR Oifigian as a key person. It has l'Administration of the U.S. A.A.
The Administrative Science Quarterly, abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q., has a coden code of ASCQAG and an coded ACCQAg.
Jusuf Kalla - leaders in Indonesia, where Joko Widodo is a leader. Il-homer Arem-arem comes from the country of Indonesia.
Philippe of Belgium, l'aerfort International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgio. L'arrivée dei téléphone is tedeschi. Il y compris le Francois Michel et Charles Michel.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, is available in hardcover. It was published in Hardcover.
Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II leads an AIDS journal. 
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16 000 students. Il y a school is located in Olanda, Danemark. L'université debba essere scoperta nel 1928; it had 12 000 student.
L'11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It has Franklin County to its west and Carroll County (Maryland) to the southeast of Adams Co.
Bacon sandwich, which is also known as bacon butty. Bacon sarnie, Rasher Sandwich, baco sanger, piece 'n barm, bocon cob (bacon barmm) and became an ingredient of bread. 
Anders Osborne, a guitarist, is associated with Johnny Sansone. He was signed to Okeh Records and he performs rock music. Bhangra can be found in the fusion genre Rock.
1101 Clematis has a periapsis of 445895000000.0., The peripsise of 1101 Claatisis is 445585000000,0. 
Il-home to Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, parent company Wolters Kluwer, is published in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders.
A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members and a number of members. 
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., has an ISSN number 1080-6377 and its discipline is mathématique. 
Alan Martin, a footballer, was born on 1st January 1989. He played for Hamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Aaron Turner, a performer of Drone music, is associated with Greymachine and Twilight. He plays for the band Blackmachine.
The Antares rocket, manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, has a diametre of 3.9 metres and was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It had its maiden flight on 28th October 2014. Its final flight was on September 18, 2013.
Akeem Ayers is a linebacker. 
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989 in 1989. He formerly played for New England Patriots and the Tennessee Titans. Desidered to make his debut team at the Texa Titanis, which is a member of the United Football Team.
Adam Koc, a nationality of Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. J. Stalin commanded Joseph Stalin. Adam Koc (in Polonia) became part of the Kashubian language.
Anders Osborne, a rock musician, was signed to Alligator Records and Awh Records. He is associated with Aday Records in Nigeria.
Abel Hernandez, whose club is Peñarol, plays for Central Espanol. He played football for U.S. Citta di Palermo and Penarol. 
Allan Shivers, a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 Port Arthur, was succeeded by Ben Ramsey. He worked as Member of St.St.S. from district 4 (Port Arthur) and became chaired by benRamsey.
At a roport international Ashgabat is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and it is 211 metres above sea level. It is 2989.0 in length, l'arrivée at 211 km/h.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois and it is situated in peoria Illinois. 
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Samtredia. , (Aleksander Guulli's club is FC Aktiera.
Ayam penyet s'est found in Singapore, Indonesia. Il is a popular region of Java where Baduy are an ethnic group. 
The AIDAstella was christened on March 16th 2013, and its christening date is the 16nd of March 2013.
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Cold Harbor, which is part of the American Civil War. Robert E Lee was a commander in this war. 
 1097 Vicia, a mass of 9.8 kgs, has an epoch date 31 December 2006, and it has its orbital period 135589000.0. Its periapsis is 279142000000.0.
Bananaman, broadcasted by STV on 3rd October 1983. It stars Bill Oddie and starred in Bananaman whose first aired on 03/10/1983. 
Anderson is part of Union Township, Madison County, Indiana, in the United States. It is a member of the U.S.A. Anderson (part of an Union township).
Trane, a was founded on 1st January 1913 in La Crosse Wisconsin.,  Trane (founded 01-01-1913) is i LaCrosse- Wisconsin.
Anders Osborne, a Rhythm and Blues musician, is signed to Rabadash Records. Anders Osborn performs rhythm and blues music.
William Anders was a backup pilot of Apollo 11 and William Anders. 
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv and is a member of the Olympique Lyonnais, which has Jean-Michel Aulas as its chairman. Il y formerly l'Olympique Lyonnaise whose home ground is at Parc Olympiaque (Lviv).
Ampara Hospital is a district of Ampara, Sri Lanka. It has 476 bed counts.
Abilene, Texas is part of Texas., (Abile), Texas - part de Texas.
Arem-arem, which is a type of Javanese cuisine, can be varied by Lemper. Il-y compris al-Lemper; it's main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Joe Biden is a leader of the United States, where Joe Bidean is one of its leaders. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire. He became a crew member of Apollo 14 which is operated by NASA in 1959. A defunted, and he joined NASA en 1959.
Il Memorial turc Turk Martyrs' memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where Huseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner was designed by Hüseyin Butuner et Halimi Güner. , Türk Şehitleri Anıtı - the native name of Baku Turkish Martyrds which hails in Azerbaïdjan.
Elliot See was born on 23 July 1927 in Dallas. He attended University of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis., American Elliot see, whose alma mater is the University Of Texas At Austin, passed away in Saint Louis.
J. P McManus is l'architect of Adare Manor, which was completed in 1862 and it was architected by James Pain. 
300 North LaSalle, Illinois, has 60 floors and is located in Illinois.
Aaron Turner, a member of the House of Low Culture and plays Electric guitar in black metal. He is associated with Twilight (Band), where he performselectric guitar. A musical fusion genre dei Black metal was Death Metal.
ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is White Americans. L'Americans are known as americans and l'Avive X-1.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where the legislature is National Assembly. Is é an t-arlaimint de chuid na Náisiúnta (Azerbaidjan), i gcaibidil ar Azerbaïdjan. Ba's caipitil sa Bhulgáir; b'e’r governor Artur Rashizade le haghaidh léirithe go maidir leis an Aontais National Association. 
 Jacob Bundsgaard is a leader in Aarhus, where Jacobbundgaard is the leader. 
Il-S. Gubbio 1910 s'inscrit in Italy, where the capital city is Rome and its leader is Sergio Mattarella. Il-home ground of A.S.
 Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Il y's affiliated with the Association of American Universities and it has its nickname Cornl Big Red.
A Fortress of Grey Ice originates from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. Ils include an ethnic group in the U.S. African Americans and became l'Afghanistan.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, is available in print. It has an ISBN number of 978-1-4165-4253-7 and was published in Print. 
(19255) 1994 VK8, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, has a periapsis de 6155910000.0 and an orbital period of 8788850000.0. It has its époch on 31st December 2006.
L'Aston Martin V8, a related means of transport to the Aston M.RHAM/1, was succeeded by L'ASN Martin Virage. 
L'American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math. It was first published in 1878 and it has an ISSN number 1080-6377.
Il-Paula Luna, which was built by Neptun Werft, Rostock, Germany. It is located in the country of Germany (led by Stanislaw Tillich).
Aaron Turner started performing in 1995. He is a post-metal musician and was associated with the band Twilight and Lotus Eaters.
A.F.C. Fylde, which has 31180 members, is a ground in La Firde. 
1089 Tama, formerly known as A919 HA; 1927WB;, has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 and its orbital period is 1202.846 days. Its apoapsis was 373513000.0 (kilometres).
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo, fought in Sarawak. He succeeded Adenan Satem and is a member of barisan Ra'ayat JatiSarawak.
Dodge Coronet, a derivative name of the 1955 Dodge. It has an V8 engine and its transmission is 3 speed automatic. 
Afrobeat is a fusion genre of Funk, which has Afrobeat as an ingredient. 
Il-Izmir, Turkey, whose capital is Ankara, has Ahmet Davutoglu as a leader. It was inaugurated on 27th July 1932 in Izmir. Il-izmir's Ataturk Monument (İzmir) had its bronze or Pietro Canonica. L-objectif de l'inauguration date of 1927-07, 1932.
Bill Oddie, a Lancashire, was born in Lancrashire. Bill Oddi starred in Bananaman and stars in bananaman. 
Trane is located in Swords, Dublin, Ireland. Trane situated in Ireland.
Airey Neave, aménagé in Knightsbridge, fought in the Battle of France. He became active on March 4th 1974 and began his career on 30th March 1979.
A Long Long Way has an OCLC number of 57392246 and an ISBN number 0-770-03380-4., OCLC Number A Long long Way (1-57292246) e the ISBN code 0-670-0380-4.
Aenir, published in print, is written by Garth Nix. It has an OCLC number of 45644811 and it was a ISBN number 45644531.
Akeem Dent was born on 27 July 1987 in 1987. 
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC, has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and its periapsis is 419113394.55312 kilometres., 11 August 2015, 1001 Gausia (formally referred to 1923 OBAC907XC) has a peripsise of 4 1911339455312 km. It was سابقement named 1923OAA807 XC.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is leader.
ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and White Americans are an ethnic group. Il y a country's national anthem is The Star Spangled Banner.
AZAL PFK serves the ground of AZAL Arena, Shuvalan. It is a rassembler l'Azal Arena (Shulgalan).
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, where the Labour Party (UK) is a leader of London. He died in Sidcup, Londra. Il s'est led by The European Parliament.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C. in Iraq, where Adnan Hamad is the manager.
The Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels., A1 (assemblata en Audi, Bruxelles).
Abilene, Texas is a part of Texas. In the U.S. Washington D.C. and English is one of the languages spoken in Texas.
GMA New Media is the parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal, a subsidiary of GMA new media. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay, where Tabaré Vázquez is a leader.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, Malaysia. Il's main ingredients include: Squeezed, or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Japan. It is situated in Aukita Prefecture, Jōda, Japon. 
Rolando Maran, who was born in Italy, played for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. and Carrarese Calcio. A.C. Chievo Verona is managed by Rolandon Maran. He formerly a member of the Association E.R.A. C.Chievo (Verona) where he has been manager.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which are located in Pacific Grove, California, were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987. It is a reference number 87000823 and it was aggiunto al March 27th 1987.
Swords, Dublin is led by the County Manager. Swords - Dublin's title of leader is the municipal manager. 
Abilene, Texas is a part of Texas, in the United States. Austin is the capital and Houston is an largest city in Texas., Mae'r Abile (in Texas), which has Austin as its capital.
Mexicans live in Mexico where one of the demonymes is Mexican. 
Arròs negre, a t-arròs Negre, in the region of Valencian Community in Spain. Cuttlefish is one of the ingredients used in Arrò Señorine.
ENAIRE l'aeroporto Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas is located in Alcobendas, Madrid, Spain. ENAIRE operates an aerroport de Madrid (Madrid).
Aaron Turner performs avant-garde metal. 
Il-Afghanistan Al Asad is operated by the United States Air Force, where Lockheed AC-130 and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon are a aircraft fighter. L-Aviation Force of America in 1986 fought at bombing Libya.
FC Tom Tomsk является частью ФК Менеджера комиксов в Чемпионате Италии по футболу.
Bandeja paisa s'inscrit in the Antioquia Department, Colombia. Bandeja paisa is a food found in this region.
Abel Caballero, a member of the Minister of Transports, was born in Galicia (Spain) in Spain. He worked as Aire de Transport.
Aenir, which preceded by Castle (novel) is a sequel to Above the Veil. 
Adam Koc, who was born in Congress Polonia Poland, fought during the Polish-Soviet War and is part of the Russian Civil War. Joseph Stalin a commander in this war.
Lenol is a member of the Rosids order. 
DeSoto Custom, manufactured l'automobile De Soto, is a related means of transport to the 1955 Dodge and Chrysler Newport. Il y was succeeded by Desoto Firedome.
John Cowper Powys's notable work was Wolf Solent. 
The ground of A.F.C. Fylde is located in the Fylda. 
Deram Records is located in London. Deramrecords are a location of London.
The LCCN number is 57059226.
Aleksandre Guruli played for AS Lyon-Duchère and FC Karpaty Lviv. He formerly plays for AC Lyon Duchere.
Julius Springer, founder Julius Perth, is the editor of Acta Mathematica Hungarica. It was published by Public Science+Business Media, which was founded by Julيوس Sviluppatore. 
Audi A1, assembled in Audi Brussels, is a body style de Sedan. It has 1.2 litres per l'automobile; it had an engine capable 1,2 liters and its contrôleur 5 speed manual. 
At serves the city of Athens, a runway length of 3800.0. It is operated by Athens International Airport which has l'emportement de 38000.0 long. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He represented pauvres part-part pesaka Birmputera bersatu.
103 Hera, which has an epoch date of 27th August 2011, has a periapsis of 371240000.0 km., It is the celestial body known as 103 Heru, whose apocys was on 27nd August 2011.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He represented Kota Samarahan and resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching (Sarawak).
At Auckland is the location of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) in New Zealand. 
Angola, Indiana is a part of Steuben County in Indiana, United States, where Americans are an ethnic group. It is led by the President of the U.S. In which one of its leaders is americans.
Andrew White started active in 2003 and was a member of the B-Unique Records. He is associated with Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs. Andrew White began his musical career in 2003.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, nicknamed Asa Gigante, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions. 
Stuart Parker, a footballer dei Runcorn F.C. Halton, is manager of A.F. C. Blackpool. He plays for Drogheda United FC and runcorn f.c.Halton. 
Alpena County Regional Airport serves Alpena, Michigan. Il is 210 metres above sea level and it has a runway length of 1533.0. It is located at Maple Ridge Township, Zella County in Michigan.
Rhythm and blues musician Albennie Jones, a solo singer, is simplemented from the Blues. Disco derives disco.
Andrews, Texas serves the city of Andrews., Aerfort deiettore portuaire Portuaire Andres is aservid by Andrew's in Texas.
The American submarine NR-1 has a top speed of 8.334 km/h. It is 45000.0 millimetres long and it was launched on the 25th of January 1969., L'American sub-marin NR-1, which had an apogée de 3.8 m, fought on Jan 25, 1969.
L'Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. It has a runway length of 4000.0.
Akeem Ayers formerly played for the St Louis Rams, which is located in St. Louis. He made his debut with the Tennessee Titans and was a member of the Stet-Neptuns. 
Anderson, Indiana is a part of Lafayette Township, Madison County in Indiana, U.S. In the United States, has Indianapolis as its capital.
Abel Caballero, a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, was born in Ponteareas in Spain. He worked as Minister of Transport and belongs to the Partie socialist-ouvriers.
Abel Hernandez, whose club is Peñarol, plays for U.S. Città di Palermo and poliziarol. 
Alan Bean, a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA and had Alfred Worden as backup pilot. David Scott fought in space per 100305.0 minutes. Alan Bean spent 100305 minutes in orbite; it was commanded by Andrew Scott. 
Andra started active in 2000 and performs pop music. Andra began his musical genre in 2000.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.  Albany, Géorgie is in the U.S. which has l'Afghanistan ethno-group.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) - 34 metres above sea level, it has a runway name 03L/21R. It has an length of 1411.0 and is made from poaceae. Il y s'il l'arrivée dei Ardmore airport in New Zealand, which elevation 34.0 meters above sae level.
Buzz Aldrin, a Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20th January 1930. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with an Sc.D. 1963. Edwin E. Allrin Jr. Desidered carriers for Apollo 11.
(410777) 2009 FD, which was discovered by Spacewatch, has an orbital period of 39447000.0. It has a periapsis of 882343000000.0 and 8823430000.0.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol, Austria. He served in Tirol (Austria).
Albany, Georgia is led by the Mayor. The title of the leader of Albany (Georgia) is a municipal.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Artur Rashizade. 
Attica, Indiana is a part of Fountain County in Indiana, United States. Washington D.C. Is the capital of the U.S.
RCA Records, which is distribued by Legacy Recordings, is a distribuing company of RCA Record., A distributing company in the Atlantique Records (w) CLC Records are l'héritage recordings. 
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He retired on 1st August 1974, and died in California. Il y a NASA operated Apollo 14.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmor Row.,  103 Col more Row (w).
Midicelli is an ingredient in Bakso, which includes vermicelli. 
Auburn, Washington is a part of Pierce County in Washington, U.S. Auburn ha un total area de 77.41 square kilometres. Il y compris an area of 7741 sq km.
N.R. Pogson, Nottingham, discovered 107 Camilla on March 1st 2001 and died in Chennai. , N. R. Pggson (Nottingham) was born 01/03/ 2001. L.L.P. J.J.O. O.Y. D.E.D.
11264 Claudiomaccone, which has an epoch date of 26 November 2005, has a periapsis of 296521000.0 (kilometres).
Alex Tyus was born on the 8th of January 1988. He played for Pallacanestro Cantu and plays for Spartaca Cantù.
Adonis Georgiadis went in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister, Konstantinos Mitsotakis. Il y fought during the reign of Martyn Samares, Aleksandr Samarais. 
A variation of the dessert is Ice cream. 
11/29 is the name of a runway name at Andrews County Airport. 
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont. He is a member of the Whig Party (United States) which has Daniel Webster as its leader. 
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon where Portland is the largest city. 
Akron Summit Assault, which has 3000 members, was managed by Denzil Antonio, and fought in the 2011 PDL season. It is a full name of Akron Metro Amateur Football Club Al-Assault.
Ajoblanco n'est from Spain, where Felipe VI is a leader. Ajoblanco can be found in Spain. It has l'euro and its currency comes from the euro. Il y compris Spanacciards.
Bananaman first aired on 3rd October 1983. 
F. Vilas discovered 107 Camilla, which was founded by F VilaS., (107 Camille) was discoverer by f Vila S. F Vialas.
Lancia Thema is a related means of transport to the Alfa Romeo 164. 
Poaceae, a division of flowering plant. Poaceae (part of poales) is part of the Ardmore Airport in New Zealand. La 3rd runway surface type de couchage can be made from poaceae.
Austin, Texas is a part of Texas in the U.S. A.R.A.
Aaron Turner is from Boston. Aaron Taylor was born in Boston.
The Antares rocket, a comparable to Delta II, was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. , It is similar to Atlantic (Antares) which had its launch site at the mid-atlantic regional spaceport Lanspad 0.
In the United Kingdom, British people are an ethnic group. 
L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, a fought in Helsinki, Finland. It is in service and it has 21.2 metres long an beam of 21.2.
Agustin Barboza, who died in Asunción, Gran Asuncion, Paraguay. Juan Afara is a leader of Paraguai. Agustin Barboz deb'l-Asunción (part of gran Asuntion) e Guarany.
Bill Everett was awarded Eisner Award. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cyril Ramaphosa is the leader and Asian South Africans are one of the ethnic groups. Il's capital city is Cape Town. L'espolaire degli Afraiceast-Africans comes from south Africa (led by cyril Raphoso).
The Battle of Fredericksburg was part of the American Civil War conflict.  La Bataille of FEDERFCsburg consists in an American civil war conflict.
107 Camilla, which was discovered by F. Vilas, has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, and its orbital period is 2368.05 days. It has a periapsis of 479343000.0 (kilometres). Its apoapsis is 560937000.0 km.
Atiku Abubakar, a vice-president Mike Akhigbe, was in office while Oladipo Diya is the predecessor and AtikuAbubakar succeeded Abdulsalami Abubaka.
Abilene, Texas is a part of Jones County in Texas, U.S. Abily serves the city of Abileni. L'arrivée de l'asc Idir-Régional Adane (Irs). Il n-urbain Yst St.A. J.Y.
Adisham Hall, architectural style of Tudor Revival, is located in Sri Lanka. It was completed in 1927 and it had its construction date in 1931.
Aleksandr Prudnikov является членом ФК Аleksandr Poudnikov и он играет в Чемпионате Италии по футболу Валенсия. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov played football for FC Spartak Moscow, where Rashid Rakhimov is the manager. He fought in Grozny (FC Amkar Perm) a youth team whose club is called FC Terek Grotzny.
(66063) 1998 RO1 - l'epoch date of 2013-11-04. 
Meyer Werft built the AIDAstella, which was designed by Meyer Werfl., Mer Werf builders the Aidastella a'm er constructed by Mayer Wirft.
Buzz Aldrin, a Glen Ridge, New Jersey, was born in Glen- Ridge. He spent 52.0 minutes in space and fought in Apollo 11.
Bhajji is a food found in the Karnataka region of India, where Sumitra Mahajan and Vajubhai Vala are leaders.
William Anders, a US national born on 17th October 1933 in Hong Kong. He attended AFIT, M.S. 1962 and retired on 1st September 1969. William Anders became an American whose alma mater was FFIT in 1962.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of poaceae and it has a length of 877.0. It's surface type of Poaceae.
Hypermarcas, a company in São Paulo, is l'industrie pharmaceutiques. It has 10252 impieciens, un revenue of 1800000000 and an annual net income of 108,600,000.
 1097 Vicia, a temperature of 171.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 511592000.0 km. Its escape velocity is 0.0112 km/s per second. It hails fought in 171 Kelvins and it had an apsis de 5115992000,0 km.
Andrew Rayel, a member of Bobina, is associated with Armin Van Buuren, Bobine, Mark Sixma,Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano,Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose; Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, and Alexandra Badoi. He plays string-instruments.
A.C. Lumezzane played in the Lega Pro 2014-15 and fought in Serie Pro 2014.
Bhajji s'est found in the Karnataka region of India, where T. S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders. Bhajji is a bhajji comes from an Indian people. It is governed by T-S.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where Daniel Martinez (politician) and Tabaré Vázquez is a leader of Uruguay. Il y's leaders are called Uruguayans.
Rostock, Rostock in Germany, where Andreas Voßkuhle is a leader. Neptun Werft built A-Rosa Luna.
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238] Membres. 
The Acura TLX, a type of luxury vehicle, was assembled at Marysville Auto Plant. It is designed in front-engine and Honda K engine.
Frank G Jackson is a leader in Cleveland, United States, where 200 Public Square can be found.
Anaheim, California - la leader of Anaheim in California. L'Assemble de Representatives is a part of the United States Congress and l'Assemblee des Représentants (part of New York Congress).
Abel Caballero s'in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch. 
Lars Løkke Rasmussen is a leader in Denmark, where Lars Lokke רוג'sen. It was established in 1928 and it has 737 academic staff. Is affiliated with the European University Association.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka. 
Agra Airport is located in Agra, Agra.
GMA New Media, which is located in Quezon City, Philippines, Inc. Is a mass media industry and l'enfettore de masse media.
 Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States. 
Albany, Georgia is a part of Dougherty County,Georgia, in the U.S.A. where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans and its leader is an Mayor.
Alan Martin played football for Clyde F.C. whose home ground is Fir Park and has Barry Ferguson as its manager.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire. He served as a test pilot and operated by NASA.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is signed to RCA Records. Il's genre is Zamba (art form) and has l'honneur de solitario.
Baymax, created by Duncan Rouleau, Americans, is a film Big Hero 6 which starred Jamie Chung.
Richard A. Teague, a General Motors, employed by the general Motors and was designer of the AMC Matador. 
Addis Ababa, Addis-Ababa is l'Ethiopie, where the leader is Mulatu Teshome. Il y a became i seasamh degli Adis Abeba (Ibid).
Andrew Rayel, a member of Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns, plays house music. He is associated with Andrew Rayell whose musical genre is House.
GMA New Media, a mass media, produces mobile applications. It is particolarement important per l'industrie dei mass média. 
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982., Aye-Wilder's birth date is 07.07.1982.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada. Ils faisons part of the Korean War and fl'invasion de Grenade. 
3Arena, which is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, was located in Dublin, part of the Republic of Ireland. Críona Ní Dhálaigh leads Dublin (part of la Repubblica irlandais).
Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot, was retired. He served as an crew member of the Fighter pilot and is now retiré. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is located in the U.S. Barack Obama and became led by Albuquerques City Council. Il y includes an ethnic group of Native Americans, part of the United States., L'Albaque (New Mexico) was a governed by Alija Obama et Baddam Obama.
 Dale Tallon - general manager of Florida Panthers. 
Rostock, a Rostock in Germany. Joachim Gauck is the leader of Germany where A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft. It has Berlin and its capital is Berlin. 
Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, a part of Atlantic County, N.J. in the U.S.A. It is 23 metres above sea level and it is operated by Atlantic City International Airport.
Albany, Georgia is a part of the state of Georgia in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. Albany and Georgia (United States).
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas, Dallas. He died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis., Il-vive Elliot see, whose birthplace is Dallas on March 23, 1927; he passed away on Feb 28, 1966 and Saint Louis.
1101 Clematis, a periapsis of 445895000000.0, has an epoch date 31 December 2006.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and play in the Premier Development League, where K-W United FC are champions. It is a member of 3 000 members. 
Ilocano and Igorot are an ethnic group in the Philippines, where Batchoy comes from. Y'll is a language spoken or Philippine English. L'intermédiaire degli iarrôt et l'Iliocano peuvent obtenir Arabic.
Bhajji is a food found in India, where T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders. 
English is a language spoken in the Republic of Ireland, where English is one of the languages. 
ACF Fiorentina fought in Serie A, Italy. It is a member of the Italian Football League. 
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is headquartered at the Four World Trade Center. 
Allen Forrest was born on 4th February 1981. He performs hip hop music, which originated from disco and funk. Drum and bass is derived from Hip Hop music.
Aaron Hunt played for Goslarer SC 08 and VfL Wolfsburg. He plays for SV Werder Bremen II, whose youth team is GosLarryr SC 08.
Adisham Hall, a St. Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka, it was completed in 1927. It has an architecture style of Tudor and Jacabian.
Abradab is associated with Magik (rapper).
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where English is the language and Texans are an ethnic group.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore – 560090, India, y has 700 post-graduate students. It is a campus at the city of Bangalore (India).
L'AIDAstella, owned by Costa Crociere, was built by Meyer Werft and operated by AIDA Cruises. It has a length of 253260.0 millimetres per l'arrivée dei Maya Cruisees. 
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. (corporation) is l'employeur clef-príomhpháirt de la CEO.
Airey Neave, aménagé in Knightsbridge, fought in World War II. He began his career on 30th June 1953 and became active on March 30, 1979.
Poaceae, which is part of the order Poales, has a 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) surfaced by poaceae. 
Gus Poyet played for AEK Athens FC and plays for AC.
Taro Aso - un leader in Japan, where Tarō Asò is a leader. 
Anders Osborne, a member of Theresa Andersson, is associated with Billy Iuso and theres an associate band., Adir Anders Osborn, whose musical genre is Adayi-Iuso, became attached to the Irish Liotu e Theressa Assonn.
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia, where the leader is Jusufkola. 
Airey Neave, which fought in World War II, began his career on 30th June 1953. J'ai became active period on 31 May 1953.
 Jazz originated from blues and has its stylistic origins in the Blues. 
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in New Britain, Connecticut and married to Ruth Ribcoff. He is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans. 
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins. 
Arlington, Texas is 184.0 metres above sea level. 
Albennie Jones e's genre jazz, which originated from blues and originates from Jazz. 
Binignit contains sweet potato and sago. Sago are the main ingredients of Binignit, which is a member of Sago.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a food found in the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. Alcatraz Versu the Labyrintans originates from the U.S.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per sq km. It has an area total area of 74.33 square kilometres.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season.  The A. E dimitra Afxeinupolis is a competing in 2014.
Austin, Texas y is part of Williamson County in Texas, where the county seat is Georgetown. Austin has Houston as a largest city.
Adam Maher played for the Netherlands national under 17 football team and is a member of PSV Eindhoven. He formerly playing for la Netherlands National under-17 Football team. 
Alberto Teisaire is a nationality of Argentina. 
The Aston Martin V8, assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom, is a related means of transport. It has 5.3 litres as an engine. 
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for Al-Naft and Steel Azin F.C., whose club is Al Naft.
Ram Naik is a leader in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Bundelkhand. Il y rassemblent l'Afghanistan which has the native name of Kheria Air Force Station. 
A variation of cookie and Baked Alaska are desserts, it is a type of dessert. 
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom.
Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikkou, Maroc. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Mumbai, India. Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India.
Bhajji includes gram flour and autres fritters made from wheat or corn flouri. It is similar to Pakora et altri patisseries made by wagre or soyra., Bjjji, a variation dei bhajji (come da ketchup) y compris maquette и altre frangies made of Wheat Or Corn Flour. L'ingrédients in Bhajji include gram glour.
Alan Shepard died in California. 
(66391) 1999 KW4, which has an epoch date of 14th July 2004, has a rotation period of 9953.28.
Ahmet Ertegun, a Rhythm and blues musician, was born 1923 in Washington D.C. In the U.S. A.R.A. He became an artist whose background is non performing personnel.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company on May 1950-August 1956. It has a length of 17068.8 millimetres, y hails an V12 engine and were constructed in mai 1950 - August 1956.
Bananaman broadcast by BBC and starred Graeme Garden. Bananaman is a TV series, radiodiffused by the BBC.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He served as a test pilot, but he deceased.
Led by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins is a leader in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II leads an AIDS journal. It was published to Lipppincott William & Wilins and London as its capital.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is an academic discipline of mathématiques. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are a champions of this league. 
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels, which has headquarters on Bruxelles. 
Binignit s'installe in Visayas. , Binignit is a food found in the region of VisaYas.
103 Hera, which has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 km. Its escape velocity is 0.0482 kilometres per second and its temperatura is 171 Kelvins.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Sergey Naryshkin is a leader. 
Agnes Kant, a nationality of the Netherlands. Agnes Kant worked as an Parliamentary group leader, Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer. Il s'agissait degli Socialist Party (Paesi Bassi) is l'officier du Soviet Party in Inghilterra.
Joden, Godenblanco is a nickname for AFC Ajax (amateurs) whose name is Joden. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Finland, Finland. 
101 Ukrop Way is the address of Alan B. Miller Hall, which was constructed on 30 March 2007 in 31 March 2007.
Bionico, a type of dessert, can be found in bionico. It comes from the dessert and it is varied by Honey. 
Ab Klink, a member of the House of Representatives, was born in Stellendam. He attended Leiden University and worked as Member of The Christian Democratic Appeal.
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army and was a member of the army. 
Albany, Georgia is a part of the state of Georgia in the U.S. In which English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, in the United States. Y's ethnic group there are Asian Americans and it is a member of the U.S.
Spanish is a language spoken in Mexico, where they speak Spanish. 
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, which has 100 academic staff. Il dean is Mario Botta and it is located in the Dean of Switzerland.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina. He died in Buenos Aires, which has Horacio Rodríguez Larreta as its governing body for the City Legislature de la Buonais Aires. Is l'Argentine where Spanish is one of the languages.
Rhythm and blues musician Albennie Jones was born in 1914 in the United States. He is a solo singer whose genre is Rhythm & Blues.
AIP Advances, published by the American Institute of Physics, was edited by A.T. Charlie Johnson who is a member of the U.S.A.R.I.N.F. and attended in the United States. 
Bhajji, a bhajji originates from India in India. Its main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables, but it is also known as Bhaji, bajji., Bajji (bajji) comes from the region of India en India.
Chinabank a net income of 15100000000.,  Chinabank has an net-income of 15,00000000.
At 12 metres above sea level, l'aeroporto international Antwerp is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. L'armée de mobility and public works has an elevation of 12.0 km/h. 
1. FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season. , 1 FC Magdeburg took place in 2014.
Adam Koc fought in World War I, where he was awarded Virtuti Militari. Adam Koc became a member of the battles in WWI.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and has 3 000 members. 
Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army, which fought at the American Revolutionary War. 
Aaron Bertram, whose genre is Ska punk, has its stylistic origins in Punk rock. He played for Kids Imagine Nation and plays for Suburban Legends. Brian Robertson (trombonist).
Garth Nix l'auteur Aenir, a ISBN number of 0-4339-17684-0, has garth nix.
At 211 metres above sea level, Ashgabat is located in Ashbagt. It has a runway length of 3800.0 and an elevation of 211 km/h.
Gus Poyet, a manager of AEK Athens F.C. who play in the Superleague Greece where Olympiacos FC are champions. Il clubs include Real Zaragoza and Chelsea FC.
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States where there are an ethnic group called Asian Americans. Akron (Ohio) inhabita l'Afghanistan.
Alan Bean, a member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 by David Scott. He was born in Wheeler, Texas, United States and is now retired.
Tom Lyle created Blockbuster, a comic book character, Roger Stern and TomLyle. 
1/19 is the runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport, which has a number of 1/19. 
Ahmet Ertegun, a blues musician, is from Washington D.C. in the U.S.A. He originated in Washington DC.
10 Hygiea, which has an epoch date of 27 June 2015, has a escape velocity of 0.21 km per sec. It is 164.0 kelvins and its apoapsis is 523951582.33968 (kilometres).
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States, where Americans are known as americans. 
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company on May 1950-August 1956. It is 17068.8 millimetres long, it has 12 cylindres and a V12 engine.
James Craig Watson, whose state of origins in Canada, discovered 103 Hera. , James Craig (Watson) originates from Canada and was the discoverer of 103Hera.
Alkmaar Zaanstreek, AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and played in 2014.
1099 Figneria has a mass of 2.7 kgs. 
Il-Aviation Force United States, which fought in the Korean War, operates Al Asad airbase. Il-U.S.F. is l-équipage degli Air Forces U.R.; Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle are a transport aircraft at Lockheed AC-130.
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by the Association of Techsystems. 
Lydia II is a leader in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders. Il AIDS (journal) was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
 Dublin is a part of the Republic of Ireland., Dublin (in Repubblica irlandais).
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where Barack Obama leads. In English and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there. 
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Tecnico Education in Mumbai, Mumbai. Il y l'université Acharya devait être affilied to the International Tennis Federation.
Meyer Werft built l'AIDAstella, which is operated by AIDA Cruises, has a length of 253260.0 millimetres. It is in service.
Alison O'Donnell, a member of Plastik Mak and Head South By Weaving, is associated with Plastic Mak.
Il-Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago, a part of DuPage County, Illinois, in the United States. Il-U.S. C'est where 300 North LaSalle is located.
Il Memorial turc Martyrs', Baku, Azerbaijan, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner. , Huseyin Butuner et Hilpi Güner are an memorial mural turque batai, situated in Azerbaïdjan.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which were constructed in 1913, are located in Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 and has a reference number 87000823.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova., The birth place of Andrew Rayell is chisinau (Moldova).
Alan Shepard, who died on 21 July 1998, in California. Dianne Feinstein is a senatore of California, where they are Senators. 
Bananaman, a first aired on 3rd October 1983, was created by Steve Bright. Bananaman had Tim Brooke-Taylor starred at STV.
N.R. Pogson scoperta 107 Camilla.
In 2000, l'Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road; Bangalore - 560090, India. It was established in the year 2000 and its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar.
A Severed Wasp, a print type, has 388 pages. It has an ISBN number of 0-374-26131-8 and it is available in print. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the U.S.T.A. and died in St Louis.
Swords, Dublin is part of Dublin (Partie Parliamentary European).
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is associated with Ciro Pérez and Héctor Numa Moraes. He plays Zamba (art form) RCA Records. Il's background is solo singer.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Ohio in the United States. Washington D.C. La capitale degli Stati Units - Washington DC. Il y includes an ethnic group called Asian Americans and Albany (Illinois).
107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, was discovered by N.R. Pogson and it had an Epoch on 31st December 2006.
Bionico, which is a dessert in Mexico. Bionico comes from Mexico and has sour cream as one of its ingredients.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, located in Madrid, Spain, is 610 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 3500.0 and it is 610.0 meters long.
Il '11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, U.S. Adams County has Cumberland County, Maryland to its southeast and Carroll County (Maryland). It was established in 2000.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, where the capital is Salem. Il y are an ethnic group in the U.S. African Americans and Albany can be found in Oregon.
Alessio Romagnoli, whose current club is A.C. Milan, where Siniša Mihajlović are managed by Silvio Berlusconi. He played for the Italian national under 17 football team and UC Sampdoria.
Arros negre is a food found in Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader. Arròs Negre comes from it. It has an euro as its currency and one of the ethnic groups are Spaniards.
John van den Brom played for AZ Alkmaar.  John van Den Brom is a member of the club Asch Almaar.
Akeem Adams played for United Petrotrin F.C. whose home ground is Palo Seco and its chairman is Gábor Kubatov. He plays for Ferencvarosi TC, which has Thomas Doll as a manager.
Albany, Oregon is a part of Oregon, in the United States. Washington D.C. Ils are an ethnic group from the U.S.A. where English is the language and its capital is Washington DC.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in the United States, became married to Ruth Ribcoff., Rogha'r Abraham A
Allan Shivers, a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 Port Arthur, was part of an Democratic Party in the United States. Price Daniel is succeeded by PriceDaniel. 
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC, M.A. in 1957 and retired on 1st August 1974.
1101 Clematis, a epoch date of 31 December 2006, has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an apoapsis of 520906000.0 kilometres.
AmeriGas, a member of the energy industry in the United States, operates an operating income of $380,700,000 USD. , AmeriGas (in the Energy industry) is i Member of America's U.S.A. and it has an Indemnity on 380700000 USD.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Illinois. Il y's county seat is Opelika and it has an ethnic group in the U.S. where Native Americans are one of the nations.
Il-LaSalle 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States, where Rahm Emanuel is the leader.
Alan Bean, a US national, is i member of NASA operated Apollo 12 which was commanded by David Scott.
Akeem Adams played for the United Petrotrin F.C. whose home ground is Palo Seco, a member of the Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team. He formerly tentatively plays for an Under 20 Football Team. 
Julia Morgan, a San Francisco, was born in san Francisco. She designed dei important buildings at Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. Julia Morgan is an architect of Asaltomar State Beach (San Francisco).
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., has an ISSN number 1080-6377 and its frequenze is bmonthly., Am.J.Math. (abbrv. am.j. math.), it's a periodical discipline of Math.
Agnes Kant, aménagé de la Radboud University Nijmegen, operated by the House of Representatives in the Netherlands. Agnes Kant's birthplace is Hessisch Oldendorf and his Alma mater acadairait al-Rapport Jürgen Nuijmegen.
Audi A1, assembled in Brussels, Belgium, is classed as Supermini. It has a 1.2 litres de surface and an front-engine, avant-wheel-drive layout., The Audi A1. L'apparecchiature compétente supermini, it was assemblé in Bruiséil, Belgio. Il y l'abbreviated carrosserie fût di Bruxelles, Belge.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia, u in the U.S. state. Atlanta (part of Fuultone County), Georgia.
Beef kway teow is a food found nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia, where one of the leaders are Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob.
Il-Finland, where Sauli Niinisto and Juha Sipilä are leaders. Il-finland is a leader in Finland, part of which they built icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov.
Andrew Rayel, a member of Mark Sixma, is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn. Andrew Rayell belonged to Mark sixma and he was associate with the musical artist Janu'r Moyerson.
Jerry Ordway, a American, was created by Bibbo Bibbowski., J'ord JerryOrdway (American) is an American.
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr., he graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. in 1963. He served as a crew member of Apollo 11.
Aenir followed the novel Castle (novel) which was preceded by Aennir. 
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Virginia DeMarce, is 512 pages. It has an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0 and it was published in E-book., Virginia De Marce wrote 1634:The Ram Relion (ISBN number 41-435-90-0).
Batchoy is a food found in the Philippines. 
John Roberts is a leader in the United States, where John Roberts and Bacon Explosion comes from. 
At built the icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov in Finland, where Sauli Niinisto is a leader. 
Ducati is a subsidiary of Audi, which was manufactured by Audi. A1., At manufacturing Audi A1 (adjudicating Audi) and Ducati are subsidiaries.
Georgia (U.S.) is a country in the United States. 
A Glastonbury Romance, a hardcover, has an OCLC number of 76798317 and an ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0. It is available in Hardcover. , L'OCLC Number 7679817, it can be found in Jurisprudence (l'ISBN number: 0-67156-328-0).
Alvah Sabin a member of the Whig Party (United States) which is led by Daniel Webster. Il y'll died in Sycamore, Illinois. In Vermont c'est l'immense city de Burlington, Irmont., Abraham Sabin fought in Ermont, j'w'il n-pháirt w'Illinois. L'Ispettor Wrestling U.S. He
Alderney Airport serves Alderney and is served by Alderny., Lerney Aetroport s'est renseng le arrondissement Alderne.
Aaron S. Daggett, a Maine, was born in Mained and fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg. He won the Purple Heart and became awarded to him. 
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Danimarca. 
Antioch, California is 13 metres above sea level. 
Alvah Sabin, who was a member of the Whig Party (United States) where Henry Clay leads Vermont. He died in Sycamore, Illinois. Burlington is an largest city and became led byHenry Clay.
Arlington, Texas is part of Tarrant County in Texas, where Austin is the capital and Houston is an largest city.
Alberto Teisaire, a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy, was born on May 5th 1891, Mendoza, Argentina. He worked as an Provisional President of the Senate Argentini and succeeded Isaac Rojas. 
Alba Iulia - situated in Romania, Romania. 
Atlantic County, New Jersey is located in the United States. , Atlantic County (New Jersey) comes from the U.S.A.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java. Il's main ingredients include: Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
Abner W. Sibal, a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District, was born in Ridgewood, Queens. He worked as an Republican Party (United States) and his successor was Donald J Irwin.
Andrew White started active in 2003 and was signed to Polydor Records. He is associated with Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was published in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is African Americans. It comes from Great Britain and it can also be found in English. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versu the Scrivener's Bones., Letraz versus, the Clervner'l-Bones, was preceded by Albutelz Versum the Labyrinth Potterans.
The A-Rosa Luna, which was christened on April 4th 2005, is 125800.0 millimetres in length. It had its christening date on 3rd April 2005.
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, Denmark, was established in 1928. It is affiliated with the European University Association. Il y have 737 academic staff and 737 students.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County in Indiana, United States. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and its total area is 4.14 sq km.
Anders Osborne, a rock musician, is associated with Tab Benoit and TabBenoit. He was attached to the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars.
Gangsta rap is a sub genre of Hip Hop music. 
Bandeja paisa a food found in the Antioquia Department of Colombia. Bandeja paisa comes from Argentina, where kidney bean is an ingredient.
Massimo Drago, a manager of A.C. Cesena, plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio and is attached to the club FC Cesene. 
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis are leaders. Is a Greek language of the country. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a member of the Nigerian Army, was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President., Afghanistan Nigériani army Pakistani - Abhigbe (United States).
A Glastonbury Romance, a hardcover, has an ISBN number of 0-67156-3648-0. It is available in Hardcover., The OCLC number for A Glastonebury (ISBN number 978-0--675-93-68-0) is 0-7156-328-0.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka, which has to its west the Arabian Sea. It's where they are found.
Abel Caballero, a member of the Congress of Deputies, was born in Galicia (Spain), Spain. He worked as an Spanish Socialist Workers' Party and belongs to the Partie socialist Officeer's Party.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Ohio, in the United States. Ils include l'ethnic group de Native Americans and are a member of the U.S.
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. in Brazil, was founded on 1st January 2001, and employs dei pharmaceuticals producing drugs. L'entreprise is l'industrie pharmaceutiques. Il y ériged le CEO en 2001.
Julia Morgan, a California born in California. Julia Morgan is l'architecte of Asilomar Conference Grounds and Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. She designed important buildings including the Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle.
Airey Neave, Knightsbridge, was born in Grimmbridge. He fought in the World War II and became part of WWII. 
Mae Kashubian is the language of Poland, a country where one of the languages used in it is Kashtubian. 
L'Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which was founded in Coventry. It was succeeded by The Rover Company. 
Edmund J. Davis died in Austin, Texas. 
Il-Municipality of Gettysburg in Adams County, Pennsylvania, where Franklin County and Cumberland County is to its southeast. Carroll County (Maryland). Il-L-Yl-At'il-Oll-Eol-Carroll et Maryland are a part of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument which is located within an municipality de Fftsburg.
Ram Naik is a leader in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Bundelkhand. Il y l'Ideo Location Identifier of Agra (VIAG) - VIAG.
Batagor, a peanut sauce in Indonesia. Il y compris Siomay and sio may is an ingredient of Batagor. L'ingredients dei batagor are: fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in Peanut pudding.
Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County, Georgia. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, where Anandiben Patel is the leader. Amdavad Ni GUFA is situated in India.
Arrabbiata s'arrabbiata is a sauce in Rome, Italy. Il main ingredients are potatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil and chili pepper. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland on 9 September 1995. He is a member of the year 9th July 1995 and became his birth date 09/09/1905.
A.C. Chievo Verona, which play in Serie A, are based at Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi and is a home ground of A. C.Chievo (Verona) where they have their bases as well as Stadio Marco Antoni bentegodis. 
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, London where Boris Johnson is a leader. Il y's place of death dei Lord Lars Jonson.
Arrabbiata sórt arrabbiata comes from Rome, Italy in Italy. It is an ingredient of chili pepper and it can be found in Rome. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a Minna, was born in Minni. He worked as Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria).
Adam Holloway, who was born in Kent, became a Member of Parliament for Gravesham. He graduated from Magdalene College Cambridge and fought on 5 May 2005.
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, which has Eagle as a fate. It was made by the american Motors and its destino is Eagle. 
Agustin Barboza, who was born in Asunción, Asuncion, Paraguay. Juan Afara is a leader in Buenos Aires. Agustin Barboz died in Paraguay. Il y uses the Spanish language and Mestizo are an ethnic group there. 
Alex Day performs Synthpop which originated from new wave music and has its stylistic origins in New Wave. 
Acura TLX a transmission of 9 speed ZF 9HP automatic V6. 
Agnes Kant a worked in the House of Representatives in Netherlands. 
1099 Figneria, which has a temperature of 156.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 (kilometres). Its escape velocity is 0.0155 km per sec., The celestial body known as 1099 FCFigeria hails 15,6.0 Kelvins and it's evapority measurement measure 0,0155 kilometres per second. It had l'ipopsis de 50,606000,0 km/s.
L-Aviation Forces United States, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada, became operated by Al Asad airbase. L-Opération Lockheed C-130 Hercules is part of the U.S.F.w. J-U.W.I.C.R.V.; fl-Afghanistan de Grenade, c'est l-Operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase.
Agnes Kant, a nationality of the Netherlands, is i worked in the House of Representatives. Mark Rutte leads na Paesi Bass.
Aaron Bertram started active in 1998., Arred by Aaronbertram, commenced actively in 1996.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He fought in the Battle of the Wilderness, where he awarded the Purple Heart.
Al Anderson, a band NRBQ, became active in 1966. He is associated with The Wildweeds and part of the band RNBQ.
Anaheim, California is part of Orange County, which is in the Greater Los Angeles area. It is within the United States.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece. 
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957. Il y a member of NASA in 1959 and died in California.
The Acura TLX, which is manufactured by Honda, has a Honda J engine.
Aenir, a sequel to Castle (novel) Into Battle. It was followed by The Violet Keystone and it was preceded by the novel Castle. 
Dan Mishkin created Bolt, or Ernie Colón, Or Erni Colon. L'alternative name for Bolt is Larry Bolatinsky. 
Il creator Ernie Colon, Puerto Ricans, and Dan Mishkin. Il created the comic character Bolt (Larry Bolatinsky) a formerly known as Irnie Colon.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, operated by ENAIRE, is located in Madrid. Its runway name is 14L/32R and it has a length of 4349.0. It is 610 metres above sea level.
Richard A. Teague, a stylist of the AMC Matador, was designed by Richard A Taague and employed by Chrysler. 
The Ariane 5 had a maiden flight on 11 August 2005, and its first voyage was on August 11, 2005.
GMA New Media produces a World Wide Web. , GMA new media manufactures web sites web.
Albany, Georgia is a part of Dougherty County in Georgia. In the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans and includes Albany, situated in Florida.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. It is a academic discipline of Computer Science and it has an ISSN number 1046-8188.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and was awarded the Purple Heart.
Alan Martin played football for Clyde F.C., which is managed by Barry Ferguson and has their home ground at Broadwood Stadium.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He won the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Méd and died in California.
Andra, a Rhythm and blues musician. Andra's background is solo singer. Disco derives from disco.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, is available in hardcover. It has an ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 and it was published in Hardcover.
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen and plays for VfL Wolfsburg. He is a member of the Goslarer SC 08 youth team, y formerly l'avversarial FC 08.
The reference number of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is 88002539 in U.S. Route 83.
Allan Shivers, who was born in Lufkin, Texas, is a member of the Democratic Party (United States), where Price Daniel was succeeded.
L'AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors, was designed by 3XN. It is owned by Bella Center and a tenant by Marriott International. Il y hails 23 Floors in Copenhagen.
Alex Plante, a member of Anyang Halla, was born in Manitoba in 1989. He formerly played football for Asang halla.
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors., 600  Floors are 300 North LASalle, a total area of 60.
Abel Hernandez, whose club is Central Espanol, plays for Peñarol. He was manager of Hull City A.F.C. Steve Bruce and he has a youth team in Central Español. 
Agustín Barboza, who was born in Asunción, Paraguay. Juan Afara is a leader in Buenos Aires. Il y includes an ethnic group of Mestizo and the Spanish language.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez, a manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan, plays for FC FAS and is attached to C. D. PAS.
B postcode area - Birmingham, where the postal code is B., Birmingham's postal Code is b postcodes and it has Postcode Area B.
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart, a variation of the cakewell pudding. It comes from the Derbyshire Dales; l'y comprise it rassembled i part of labarthe Brefshire.
Atlas II originated in the United States., The Atlas II originates from the U.S.A..
John van den Brom, a member of De Graafschap, is manager of AZ Alkmaar. He plays for Vitesse Arnhem and de Gra Afschap.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II, where Chiang Kai-shek was a commander. Il y served in the United States Army.
Antioch, California has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres, it has an UTC offset of -7 and its population is 102372. L'area code 925 is 925., L'an apogée de Antioch in California, which has 10372 square kilometers, potassio - 7, l'enuperficie totale per 75,324 sq km. Il y contains the areacode 925.
Abel Hernández played for the Uruguay Olympic football team. 
Ilt'11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It has Franklin County to its west and Frederick County (Maryland) to the southeast.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where one of the languages spoken in Great Britain. It is usually télécharged un loyal character dancer. 
L'arrivée Ardmore (New Zealand) is 34 metres above sea level. It has a runway name of 07/25 and an length of 518.0.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Indiana where it has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. Anderson hails 268.0 metres above sea level.
Austin, Texas is a part of the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. It is inhabited by americans and it is home to Americas. 
Greek is a language in Greece, where they speak Greek. 
Mauricio Macri is a leader in Argentina, where ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) and its capital isBuenos Aires.
Abilene, Texas - part of Taylor County, Austin, in the United States. L'aerfort Regional Airport Abilenen serves la città de Alane., L'astéralement airgeadra regional airport Abilen is served by Adane, Houston (Coron), Texas, U.S.
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown, Charlotte Town., Abraham McQuid's place of birth is Charlotte town.
Buzz Aldrin, a crew member of Apollo 11 was pilot fighter pilot. He fought in the Apollo 11.
Angola, Indiana is a part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County in Indiana, United States. It has 16.55 square kilometres and its total area is 16,55 sq km.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a American, was born in Chicago and died in the U.S. E.E. He married to Casey Ribcoff (in Chicago) where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans.
Austin, Texas is a part of Williamson County in Texas, where the largest city is Round Rock and Georgetown. Il y's county set l'Georgetown.
La Crosse, Wisconsin has a total area of 58.3528., L'area totale de LaCrosse in Wisconsin is 58.38.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is the leader. It's a country whose national anthem is O Canada and its leader isElizabeth II.
Walter Baade, a student of the University of Göttingen, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He was born in the German Empire and died in West Germany. L'université de Gottingen occupe un doctoral student Allan Sandage.
Agra Airport is located in India. It is operated by the Indian Air Force and its ICAO location identifier is VIAG.
Bandeja paisa - la region Paisa, Colombia. Il y include red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Bacon Explosion, which comes from the United States, is a main ingredient in bacon and sausage.
A.F.C. Fylde, which has 3180 members, is a member of the full name Association Football Club Fylda. Il's ground is Warton (Mide). Y'l'yll belonged to A F.P. Qylde. It hails in warton, Awde and it has 34180 Members. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, performs Zamba (artform). Si'. Il is devenu solo singer.
Albany, Oregon has a total area of 45.97 square kilometres. 
Agnes Kant risiede nei Paesi Bass. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas, Dallas. He deceased.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is a politician. Elizabeth II is the leader of which j'ai l'Elizabeth II.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London. Airey Niave is a member of the UK's birthplace.
Dodge Dodge, manufactured by Chrysler. It has a 3-speed automatic transmission and is 120.0 centimetres in feidhme. Il'y hails 130.0 cm deffected with an V8 engine (v8 Engine), it can be transported via 3 speed automatic. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov, a member of FC Dynamo Moscow, was born on 24th February 1989. He played for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Dinamo Moscou.
Il-Musée Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, a bhfuil Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. Is dedicator do the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Il-Stiúrthóir tahrir ar Azerbaïdjan i gceapprovisionned in red granite and white marble.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders. 
3Arena, a Dublin is designed by Populous company and was completed in December 2008.
Addiction (journal), abbreviated to Addiction, is a academic discipline dei Jurisprudence. It has an ISSN number of 0965-2140., L'accademia Deitencier Diminutive Générale Clandestine Bddiction; L'abbrv it are addiction and hISSN Number 0لتزامات 102332.
Luanda Province is l'Angola International Airport, which has a runway length of 4000.0. It is 159 metres above sea level in Icolo e Bengo. Il y compris 151 meters long and it is situated in Ícolo-e Beno, Luandaprovince.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. A.S. Roma's ground is located in Rome, Italy and has 70634 members. 
A.S. Roma, whose ground is located in Rome, Italy, play in the Serie A League. 
Andrew White, whose genre is alternative rock, was a member of the band Marry Banilow. Andrew White performs Alternative rock music., The musician Andrew white playsalternative rock and he has been associated with Marty Bani Low.
Attica, Indiana is part of Indiana where the capital city is Indianapolis. Attica is in Indiana, which has a capital dei Cleveland. 
3Arena, located at East Link Bridge, is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and owns Live nation Entertainment. 
Halimah Yacob is a leader in Singapore, where Halimah Ysaac is the leader. Beef kway teow comes from. It has an currency of Singapore dollar. 
Abilene, Texas - 524.0 metres above sea level. It has a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and its total area is 286.5 sq km. Its area code is 325.
Philippe of Belgium is a leader in Belgium, where Philippe de Belgium. 
FC Terek Grozny is a home ground in Grotzny. 
Bakewell pudding was created in Rutland Arms, Bakewell in 1820. Its main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km per sec and an apoapsis is 611961000.0 km., (1036) Ganimed, a length of 16,86 kilometres per second, operates in am mass feidhme 61196600000,0 km.
Antioch, California's 11th State Assembly District is the leader of Antioch., Led by ld antioch in California, it is led by the 11nd state Assembly district.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba, Manioquia., The birth place of Alex Plantes is Manibaka and j'll belongs to Makitoba.
At serves the city of Athens, l'aetroport is located in Spata. L'arrivée degli aerfort international Athens (il y rassembled at Spate).
William Anders, who was born in British Hong Kong on 17th October 1933. He became a crew member of Apollo 8.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died on 21st July 1998 in California. He became awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold MMedal., At an American Defense Service Médaw (United States) deb's May 21rd January 1998, he fought en California.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has an ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9. It can be found in Hardcover., Led by Alcatraz Versu the Labyrinth, Inc. (wd: 1-439-925500-9) was produced in bhardcover.
Alfred N. Phillips fought in the American Civil War and became a member of the United States Army, where AlfredN. Plymouth was married. 
Audi, a division of Audi e-tron and Ducati, was founded by August Horch. A1 is manufacturd by Audi. L'Audi (founded By AugustHorch).
Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman, a bananaman. 
Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow, which is managed by Valery Petrakow. 
Bacon Explosion, which is part of the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States. Sausage and bacon are main ingredients.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cape Town is the capital. Ils are an ethnic group including Asian South Africans and White SouthAfricans.
Hypermarcas - in Sao Paulo, Brazil. It is led by the President of the Supreme Federal Court and it sells drugs., Federal de la Cour Suprême International Inc. Is a food found in São Paulo (Brésil).
Anaheim, California is a leader of the United States House of Representatives situated in the U.S. where English is one of its languages and it is led by Anaheim ( California).
Bananaman broadcast by the BBC in London, where Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead is a key person. Bananaman was diffused by The BBC whose city is London.
Poaceae, a division of the Commelinids and del'Atroport Ardmore (New Zealand) has an 2nd runway surface type in Poaceae. It is classed as Monocotyledon; it is part of la floing plant.
Celery is a member of the Apiaceae family. Celery, an ingredient in Bakso, comes from the razza Apium and originates from it., Led by celery (ild by Agniaceae) became part of this מין gnímh Aramium; c'est particolarement degliApiaceae.
Atlas II originated dagli Stati Uniti, where the leader is a President. It has an ethnic group of Native Americans in the U.S. which is led by president., The Atlas II originates from the United States (led by President).
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al-Zawra'a SC and is a member of the Shabab Al Ordon Club.
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is located in Italy.
Ram Naik is a leader in Uttar Pradesh, which part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. Il 'Agra Airport' s'est located in Oggi Lanka.
Baymax, created by Duncan Rouleau, Americans. It is a character of Big Hero 6 and starred Damon Wayans Jr.
Aleksandr Chumakov played football for FC Torpedo Moscow, which is managed by Valery Petrakov. He was a member of the Soviet Union national football team whose leader is Valentina Matviyenko and died in Russia.
Al Anderson, a member of the band NRBQ, performs rock music and originated from country music. 
Bandeja paisa - a food found in the Paisa region, Colombia. Il y compris an ingredient of Bandeja paisa, which is part of the Rosids family and de la Rutaceae family. L'engrat bandija paisa comes from the paese region (Colombie).
Aaron Bertram, a member of the Kids Imagine Nation, is associated with the Suburban Legends band and plays for Kids.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where English is the language., Canada's birth place is Aaron Bugaard whose language is English.
Il-gouvernement Flemish is a leader of the region fluviale. 
Luanda serves Luanda, a l'aeroporto international Angola. It is 159 metres above sea level in Metres. 
A Loyal Character Dancer has an ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3., The ISBN Number of A loyal Character dancer is 1-52395-301-5.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He became test pilot and died in California. Deffected by the Distinguished Service Medal from the United States Navy, which is higher than Department of Commerce Gold Méd., At he passed away in San Francisco on Nov 18, 1923; he fought as a Test pilot who belonged to an American Navy (whose defforced) l'
AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and their ground is located in Athens, which play in the Superleague Greece.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad. 
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which is located at AsiloMar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California, has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places. 
Aenir, a print publication, is written by Garth Nix. It has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0 and it was published in print.
Squid is an ingredient in Arròs negre, a t-ingredients. 
 1097 Vicia, a mass of 9.8 kgs, has an epoch date 31 December 2006, and its orbital period is 135589000.0, apoapsis 511592000.0 km. Its escape velocity is 0.0112 km per sec., (107) 696 km/h, 106,9 km2, it's attended l'épopsia on 31st December 2006. It fought at opossum massimo de 9,8 kg
Jens Härtel played for SV Germania Şehzeiche. , Jens Hartel is a member of SV Germany Allgemeineiche.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid, New York, a Saranac Lake, NY. Il y includes 1219.0 metres de l'arrondissement of Adirondack. , L'arrivée du rectangle Antarctica - 12,19 centimetres de la journée is 12119., L'astéralement regional airport Adlidack s'est servedLake Placids (New York) e sarnac
Aaron Deer, Indianapolis, Indiana, is a solo singer. He has an Psychedelia genre and was originally susceptible to play psychedelicia.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages, an ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9., The book Alcatraz Versu'l Fiction Libraryans is320 pages and it has 39-92550-9.
A Wizard of Mars is a language in English.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi. 
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where the title of 'Premier Minister'. Is dedicator do soldats an Ottoman Army which were killed in the Battle of Baku.
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Newmarket, Ontario, Canada. He is a solo singer and he became musician whose origins are newmarket (Ontario).
J.V. Jones e J V Jones wrote A Fortress of Grey Ice, ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6., Y'y's author is Jv Jones and it has the ISBN Number 0-67-63-6.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and is 17068.8 millimetres in length. It has 12 cylinders, a total area of 178.8 (millimetres).
Bill Marriott International is a key person at l'Employt, Bill.
Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis, a sport offered to the International Tennis Federation. It is affiliated with the Istituto Acharya in Technology. 
Apollo 8 was operated by NASA. 
Ab Klink, a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal Party, was born in the Netherlands. He attended Erasmus University Rotterdam and became part of Chrean Afcours.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in Chicago, worked as a United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. Casey Ribcoff (whose married to Mayj).
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl is a part of Italy and has 5300 members. L'abbreviated name for A.S. Gabbiano 1910, where they are located in Italy. Il fought in 2014.
L-Ariane 5 was launched from ELA-3 and it is located at the Guiana Space Centre, which has its headquarters in Kourou, French Guana. It's operated by Ariane 5.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and fought in the Topklasse 2014-15. It is a member of 5 000 members. 
Alex Tyus played in the Turkish Basketball Super League, but he plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. whose coach is Vit Sherf.
250 Delaware Avenue located in the United States, where John Roberts is a leader. It has an ethnic group of African Americans and it is led by l'U.S. J. Roberts leads le President.
Auburn, Washington - part of the state of Washington, in the United States. Il's capital is Olympia and it is led by Auburn.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Regina, Saskatchewan. He plays for Wichita Thunder and is 1.905 m tall.
Akeem Ayers formerly played for St Louis Rams and a draft pick of 39. He fought in the 3rd round, o 2nd round.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe leads Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and its currency is the Singaporen rupee.
Auburn, a part of Pierce County, Washington, in the U.S. A.C. is led by Washington DC. Il's capital is Washington D. C.
Aaron Deer is a member of The Horns of Happiness and has collaborated with the musical artist. 
Lermish Department of Mobility and Public Works operates l'Atroport international Antwerp, which is owned by the Flemish Region. It serves the city of Anvers., Illermish Département de mobility and public Works (wrerived from an aetroport Ienvers), it rives la flemish region.
Poaceae, a class of Monocotyledon, or Commelinids, is made from the 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) where it has an surface type of Poaceae. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an OCLC number 78771100., Local-OCLC Number Alcatraz Versu the Labyrinth Librarian is 77151100.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hilario Pérez. 
A Severed Wasp, a print and is available in print. It has the OCLC number 8805735, it has an Olympia Number 8803645, its Library of Congress Classification (PS3528.E55 S4 1982).
 Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Il y published the Administrative Science Quarterly and it was affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. L'université c'est rassemblée o I Hasa (New York).
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. L. A.C. chievo Verona, Torino, Italy, has 39371 members and their home ground in Serie A 2014-15. 
 Nikos Voutsis e'r leader of Greece.  Niois Poutsis is a leader in Grecia.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes. 
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, Denmark, was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association., Ils are an affiliation to the Essociazione Europea per l'Université al-Aarhus (in 1928). L'école devrait être istituita en 1928.
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore, where they are beef kway teow and Indonesia. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico, in the United States, where Don Tripp is a leader. It is led by an American House of Representatives and it is governed by all-New Mexico House de representatives. 
Abilene, Texas a density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and it is 524.0 above sea level. It has an area total area of 286.5 sq km. Ladensity demografique for Abileny, Austin (led by 54.0 metres).
Ahmet Ertegun, a rhythm and blues musician. Rhythm and Blues originated from blues and disco is derived from Disco. He died in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
L'AMC Matador, a mid-size car, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. Il y includes an AMC V8 engine and has l'American MotorsMatador (alternatively known as American Motors Matdor).
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where Ranil Wickremesinghe is leader. Il's currency is the shri Lankan rupee.
The AIDAluna began his career on 22nd March 2009., Aidaluna fought active period on 23rd March 2009, and it became active in 08/22/ 2009.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press, in the United States. It is a publisher of A Lien Carnien carnier. 
Alessio Romagnoli played for A.S. Roma in Serie A, a youth team of AS Roma. 
GMA New Media, which is located in the GMA Network Center, Philippines. Felipe Gozon et Famiglia Gzon are a key person concerning l'Agglomération deiسائt mobile applications. 
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, where Joko Widodo and Jado. Arem arem comes from the Javanese cuisine. It's governed by Indonesia; it has an currency of Indonesian rupiah.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where it is situated.
John Roberts is a leader in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. Bacon Explosion comes from. Il y hails John Roberts and became part of the U.S.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the U.S.T.A. and died in St Louis.
Frank de Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax. 
Alessio Romagnoli played for UC Sampdoria. He is a member of A.C. Milan, whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović.
John Buscema awards the Eagle Award (comics).
Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, Greece. He worked as Minister for Health and is a minister for the Health.
Twilight is a black metal musician. 
 Patrick McLoughlin is a leader of Derbyshire Dales, which is led by Patrick Mcoughlins. 
Siomay, a variation of Shumai, can be varied by siot may. 
Addis Ababa City Hall, a 42 m l'hauteur is 42m. It has the current tenants governed Addis-Ababa and it has an height of 42 M.
Binignit a food found in Visayas, Philippines. Il y contains sweet potato and coconut milk. It includes the main ingredients of Binignit, which comes from Vijaas (Philippines).
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, a governed by Vica, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C which has 17000 members and Vila Nova Futebol Clube. Ily have their leagues where Vita Nova FC are champions. 
Alhambra, which was launched on 31 May 1855, had a beam of 8.3m. It has an ship length of 8,3 m long and fought on the 31st May 1850. 
(66391) 1999 KW4, which has a density of 2.0 g/cubic cintimetres, has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 (kilometres) and its average speed is 37.16 km per sec., The celestial body known as (66391 199 KW4) has 2 gg/cciccentimetres; it has la dennsity 2.0 gram per sq.c.p.s. It has adipopsio
At Austin is the capital of Texas, where Andrews County Airport can be found in Texas. It has a Spanish language and Houston as its largest city. 
Il Memorial turc Martyrs' located in Azerbaijan, where Huseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner are dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Butuner and Halimi Güner. 
Massimo Drago played for Delfino Pescara 1936 and plays for the club, Illino Pescar 1936. 
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a American, was born in Connecticut, and died in New York City. He worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, Welfare and he represented an Democratic Party (United States).
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has a runway name of 4/22 and it can be found in the U.S.A.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor. Il y formerly member of the Qatar Stars League and are managed by Amar Osim.
A Severed Wasp, a hardcover, has 388 pages. It has an OCLC number 8805735 and an ISBN number of 0-374-26131-8., Jurisprudence de Hardcover De Delaware is 288 pages long but it has the UCLC Number 8803645, or 0003-5814-8. L'ISBN number 0-676-81-8.
Atlanta, a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre, has l' area code 404, 678, 470 and 347.1 sq km.
Arròs negre, a Catalonia in Spain, is l'ingredient of Arròs Negre. It contains white rice, cuttlefish or squid and cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. , Arros (Cubanelle) comes from Andalusia in Spáinnie, Spain. Il y compris Cubanelle are the main ingredients dei White riz, cubtainfishor squetchup
L'AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark, was designed by 3XN and is tenanted by Marriott International. L'attico of the AC Hotel bella Sky in Copenhagen (Dינה), l'infrangissement dei Comhairle International; it has been built by 3.XN. 
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where Barack Obama leads. In Great Britain, c'est an ethnic group called Native Americans and became part of the U.S.
Felipe Gozon is a key person in GMA New Media, which has Felipe Goszon as an parent company. L'aglianza dei GGMA Network (in public organisation).
Anderson, Indiana is a part of Madison County in Indiana, U.S.A.
Baked Alaska is a food found in Hong Kong, France, where Carrie Lam (politique) and Gérard Larcher are leaders. Il y compris le French language.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the overland Campaign and fecame part of the Overland. 
Anaheim, California a total area of 131.6 square kilometres, is 48 metres above sea level. It is 121.6 sq km and it is an elevation from chláir. 
Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States.  Saranac Lake - part degli Stati Uniti.
Aaron Turner uses the Electric guitar and performs black metal music. Death metal is a fusion genre of Black metal, which has an element de death metal.
Alfons Gorbach, a member of Imst in Austria-Hungary, died in Styria. He was born in Ist, Autriche-Hongheria.
A Wizard of Mars, a hardcover, has an ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 and is available in Hardcover., The ISBN Number of A wizard of March (ISBN number 0-204770-3) is978-20-4770-2.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst., has an ISSN number 1558-2868. It is a academic discipline of Computer Science and it's l'abbreviation for the Associazione Trans.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated to the U.S.T.C. system and died in St Louis.
L'Aston Martin Virage, manufactured by Aston M.RHAM/1, is a related means of transport and L'Alman Martin RHAM/1.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cape Town is the capital. Cyril Ramaphosa and Cריל Ramafosa are leaders.  11 Distinguished Street se trouve in south Africa (capital: Cape town).
Andra performs pop music, a fusion genre is disco and Disco.
Andra, a solo singer, is sfrend de pop music. Andra's genre is Pop music and its background is solo singer. 
Abilene, Texas has a area code 325. It is associated with the areacode 325.
Alfons Gorbach, a birth place in Austria, was in office while Adolf Schärf was president.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California. He  authored 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which preceded by 1635: La Baltic War and is the sequel to it. 
Bionico, a type of dessert, comes from Mexico where Enrique Peña Nieto and Spanish is the language spoken. Bionico can be found in it. Il y compris Honey as well as an ingredient at bionico.
Mae's Baked Alaska, which comes from New York, France, originates from France. Meringue is one of the ingredients used in this ingredient. 
Walter Baade, a German national, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He attended the University of Gottingen. Walter baade was an Alma mater in Göttingen.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's record label was Movieplay and is signed to filmplay. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in the United States, where Barack Obama was a leader. L'Alban-Americans are an ethnic group of African Americans. Il y hails from Great Britain and became part of the U.S. J.A.L.
Lee County, Alabama is located in the state of Georgia.
Alfred N. Phillips, who was born in Darien, Connecticut, worked as a Mayor of Stamford (Connecticut).
Atlanta is a part of Georgia in the U.S., where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Frederick, Maryland is the location of the Monocacy National Battlefield which was established on 11th July 1907. It is categorised as a district historique in the U.S.A., The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument at Frederick County (Maryland) has l'administration dei National Park Service; it was erected on 1st August 1907.
In Japan, there are an ethnic group of  Brazils and the Brasilians. 
Audi A1, assembled in Audi Brussels, is a type bodystyle. It has 1.2 litres density and an engine of 1,2 litre.
Allen Forrest performs pop music. 
ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups. It has an anthem called The Star Spangled Banner.
Buzz Aldrin is a nationality of the United States., A US Nationality Buzz Aldin was an American.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987, is located in Pacific Grove, California. It was aggiunto al March 27th 1987 a l'Annuario storico de 1987/27., Saortium Adolfomar Amolomar (Pacific Grove), California, has été ajouté al Registre historique des Piazzes 23rd Feb 1987.
20 Fenchurch Street commenced in janvier 2009 and it was built on Jan 2009.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada, where English is the language., Canada's birth place Adam McQuid comes from Canada whose language is English.
Agnes Kant, a nationality of the Netherlands, is i governed by Mark Rutte. Agnes Kant worked in the House of Representatives in Noord-Paesi Bass (led by Emile Roemer).
L'Université 1 Decembrie 1918 s'inscrit in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is a leader. La capitale dei Romania n'est Bucharest. L'université 1, Decreto 1918 f'appartient en Roumanie. Il y includes an ethnic group called Germans of Romania.
Andra, a solo singer, was born in Câmpia Turzii in 1986. She is an rhythm and blues musician whose genre is Rhythm and Blues.
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy, where the capital city is Rome. Il soggiorno arrabbiata sauce can be found in Sardegna. L'istruzione dei paesi are Italians and its leaders are Sergio Matarella. 
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow, which is managed by Valery Petrakov. Il's club devrait former Aleksandr ChuMakov and currently a member of FC Tashkent moschetti.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino, Switzerland aveva 600 students. It was established in 1996. Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland.
James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada, discovered 103 Hera on 27 August 2011 and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
14R/32L is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport. 
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, which was established in 1928, has 737 academic staff. It has 16 000תלמידs e 15 000 students. 
L'11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a municipality of Gettysburg in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It has Cumberland County to its southeast and Carroll County (Maryland).
(66063) 1998 RO1 a epoch date of 4th November 2013, it has an escape velocity of 0.0999 km per sec. It has the époch 31st December 2013.
Agustin Barboza's record label was Philips Records and is signed to Apollo Records. 
Dan Mishkin created Bolt, Larry Bolatinsky and Paris Cullins.
Alison O'Donnell, a jazz musician, is signed to Fruits de Mer Records. Deram Records can be found in London and deram record label Deam Record.
Trane, a part of Ireland, in Europe. Trane was founded in La Crosse Wisconsin and is located in Ireland. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr. played in the National Hockey League and is a member of the league national hockey. 
Amdavad ni Gufa, Gujarat, India, is located in Ahmedabad. Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, vicino CEPT University, opp. Uttar Pradesh, Université Udirlín., Amadda'r Amdavad NiGufa (Idirindien) is situated in Idirjail, Agrad India. It is addressed to the campus Lalbhai Dhajaffari, proximité of Universitas Aetroportu et Aw.
Akeem Dent formerly played for the Houston Texans, which is owned by Bob McNair. He made his debut with Atlanta Falcons who are based in Atlanta.
Bill Oddie e's child was Kate Hardie. 
Sergio Mattarella and Pietro Grasso are leaders in Italy, where Rome is the capital. Amatriciana sauce comes from. It's a traditional Italian which has l'emergence of Rome. 
Roy D. Chapin Jr, a key person in the American Motors who manufactured AMC Matador. It was succeeded by Eagle (led by Chrysler).
Arròs negre, a t-infrang in the Valencian Community of Valencia. Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs Negre.
Aaron Turner, a member of Mamiffer, performs black metal music and singing. He is an artist whose genre is Black metal. Death metal comes from the fusion genre.
Bionico - un dessert. Bionico comes from Guadalajara in Mexico, where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is a leader. Il y compris Honey and it can be served as delizieux.
AmeriGas, a member of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It was founded on 4th July 1776 and it has total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres.
(66063) 1998 RO1, which has an epoch date of 4 November 2013, had an orbital period of 360.29 days and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres. Its escape velocity is 0.0999 km/s.
Austin, Texas is located in the United States. It is led by the City Manager.
Bhangt Budapest is located in Hong Kong, Hungary. 
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, is 512 pages. It was published in E-book and it has 511 pages.
110 Lydia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006, 2006.
Auburn, Alabama is located in the U.S. A.C. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in that country. 
Bhajji, a food found in the Karnataka region of India. T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders in India.
A Long Long Way, which was preceded by Annie Dunne, in Ireland. It is followed by The Secret Scripture a published by Faber and Fabers. L'Irlande has an ethnic group of White people. 
Baymax, a person of Americans, was created by Duncan Rouleau, Steven T. Seagle and Scott Adsit. Il film is Big Hero 6 (film) which starred in Scott Adit.
Livorno Calcio S.p.A. L.S. Livorno, which has 19238 members, is a home ground at Stadio Armando Picchi and in the 2014-15 Serie B.
Icolo e Bengo is situated in Angola, where the runway name is South Runway. It is located in Ícolo-e Beno (Angola).
Akron Summit Assault is a ground in Akron, Ohio, U.S. In the United States.
Adisham Hall - Haputale, Sri Lanka. Il's capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and its language is Tamil. It is a location of Adisham Hall (Haputal), Sri Lanca.
Lancia Thema is a related means of transport to the Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Arese. It is relied by Fiat Croma and Lancia Mondee. 
The AMC Matador is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It has a station wagon and an alternative name of VAM Classic. Il's body style can be operated by ACM V8 engine. 
Adam McQuaid played for Boston Bruins in Columbus, Ohio. Don Sweeney is a general manager of Boston Blue Jackets whose draft team was Adam McQuid.
Il Delta II, which originated in the United States, originates from the U.S. A.L.A. et it was launched at Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. Il rocket Antares is similar to DeltaII (from the US).
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, a led by the European Parliament.
Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States., The Amarillo (Texas) is a part in the U.S.
L'AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark, is owned by Bella Center. It has 23 floors and was tenanted by Marriott International.
Bionico, a type of dessert, belongs to the dessert. Granola is an ingredient in Bionico and it includes granola as one of its ingredients.
Aaron Turner, a member of the House of Low Culture and is associated with Mamiffer. He plays Electric guitar in Black metal whose genre is black metal. Death metal is an element of fusion music.
Binignit contains sweet potato and banana. Binignit is a food found in the Philippines, where one of the main ingredients is banana.
Trane, a Swords, Dublin, forms subsidiary. Trane produces building management systems and has an revenue of 10264000000, et its net income is $556,300,000., Tonae (forms subsitorial) employs the bin management system and hails $10,264,000,000, it sells Building Management System. Thae trae operates dei Bin Management Systems. Tae bénéficied d'un 
L'AMC Matador, a model year 1971, is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria. Il y compris le AMC Ambassador and it was manufactured in 1971.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia in 1987. 
Andrew Rayel, a member of Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma,Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano,Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose and Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin et Alexandra Badoi. He is associated with the musical artistArmin VanBuuren (Bobina)/Marjda, Martyr Kovan, Andrew Riben, Aleksandr 
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. It was télécharged in Great Britain and comes from an English language. 
Stuart Parker, who played for Sparta Rotterdam, has been manager of A.F.C. Blackpool. It is managed by a footballer (footballer).
L'Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States. It is part of Manhattan.
Bionico, which is a food found in Jalisco, Mexico. Il y contains raisins and it comes from the Guadalisco region. 
Albert Uderzo created Asterix (comics character) René Goscinny., Aterix, a person of comic character Arrived by Rene Gosciny, was designed by Albert UDerzo. 
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana, which has Indianapolis as its capital. 
L'Aeroporto Antwerp International, which is owned by the Flemish Region, is operated by an operating organisation for the Flmish Government. It is 12 metres above sea level and it has a runway length of 600.0.
Chinabank a service of banking services. Chinabank's net income is 15100000000. It has an revenue net $ 15,100,000,000.
Il sórt Amatriciana is a sauce in Lazio, Italy. Il y includes Guanciale, guanciale, cheese, olive oil.
Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is a director of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Soldevanahalli (Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road), Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Chinabank, a company founded on August 16th 1920, has 5594 employs and 295 locations. Its net income is 15,100,000,000.,  Chinabank (founded 08-16-1920) ha un total revenue of 15100000000, in 295 sites.
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of the New Democracy (Greece) which has blue as its colour and was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister. Konstantinos Mitsotakis is succeeded by AdonisGeorgiadis.
Andrew Rayel started performing in 2009 and became active in Trance music. He is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Albany, Oregon is a part of Linn County and Benton County in Oregon, U.S.A.
At Austin is the capital of Texas, where you will find Andrews County Airport in Texas. It has a Spanish language and Houston as its largest city. 
Aleksandre Guruli played for AZAL PFK and Olympique Lyonnais, which has a residence at Parc Olimpique Lionnais.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo. Adenan Satem is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and lives in Kuching. He was succeeded by Abhen Satema. 
Amatriciana sauce comes from Lazio region, lazio. Tomato is an ingredient in the latter of which it can be found. 
The Alhambra has a top speed of 18.52 km/h. 
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the community of Madrid. 
Bhajji contains gram flour, vegetables and is a food found in the Karnataka region. Il's main ingredients of Bhajji are gram farine, fruits et végétal. 
Albany, Georgia is part of Dougherty County,Georgia in the U.S. where African Americans are an ethnic group., Illinois Albany, Atlanta, Florida, Oregon, United States, which hails l'Afghanistan ethno-groupe degli Amériques.
Stuart Parker, a manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, is attached to Irlam Town FC and he plays for KV Mechelen.
Luanda Province is l'Angola, where Icolo e Bengo is part of Luanda. It is 159 metres above sea level and it is situated in Ícolo-e Beno (Luanda).
Olusegun Obasanjo, Abubakar, fought in office while Atiku Abubaker was Vice President. AbdulsalamiAbubakar is a member of the Nigerian Air Force and his successor was Olusegun Osbenjo.
Ay Wilder was born in Sweden on 23rd July 1982. He is a solo singer and he became active in 1981. Sindrome dei sequels, j'était susceptible d'être singing., Born in Svezia on 7th مارس 1982, Ace-Wilder belonged to Singing Esser. J'ai fought in Stockholm on 07.07.1982.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al-Khor Sports Club in Al Khor. Il-Yl-Oll-L-Ajr, al Shorta SC, is a member of Al shorta SK. 
Alan Martin played football for Accrington Stanley F.C., whose ground is oAccrington, and Barry Ferguson are managed by Clyde FC. 
Auburn, Washington - part of King County, Seattle, in the U.S. A.R. Auburn is a member of Washington (capital: Olympia). Il's capital is Olympia.
Baked Alaska is a food found in Paris, New York or Hong Kong, United States. Il's main ingredients are meringue, ice cream and sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Antioch, a part of Contra Costa County, California, is part de la San Francisco Bay area. Antioch in California has total area 75.324 square kilometres and China is one of its languages.
Anders Osborne was signed to Alligator Records and is a record label for ALligator Record.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in the United States, worked as a US Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. He was succeeded by John N Dempsey and died in New York City. 
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II e became part of the World war II. 
The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact factor of 1.37., Il's influence factor is 1.33.7.
Nis Voutsis - un leader in Greece, which is led by Nikos Poutsis. 
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia and it has banana leaf as an ingredient. 
Il Memorial turc Martyrs, Baku, Azerbaijan, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner. , Türk Şehitleri Aniti - turk memorial kurders' located in Azerbaïdjan. Its native name is Turk SehitleriAniti.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka. It comes from the region of Aspara District.
Attica, Indiana is a part of Logan Township, Fountain County in Indiana. It has 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area total of 44.14 sq km.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, United States and died in New Mexico Territory.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, where Halimah Yacob is the leader. Il y compris an ethnic group of Banyumasan people and its language is English.
At located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. It is part of the U.S. Aetroport Regional Airport Alpena which is situated within Wilson township (Alpena).
L'Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000 in Bangalore, India. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, became a member of Barisan Ra'ayat JatiSarawak. He passed away in sarawak and he represented Binaderija Ta'Ala`ayat Jti Sawys.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students., Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore (India). L'Université haïd in 2000. It had 70 postdoctors a student at an elevation dei 100 per l'Idir Lanka. In Sold
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino, Switzerland affermata in 1996. It has 600 students and is led by Johann Schneider-Ammann. L'Académie was established en 1996 per l'Union Svizzera.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989. In 1989, l'Alberta is the birthplace of Alex Plantes.
John van den Brom a manager of AZ Alkmaar, which is owned by Robert Eenhoorn. He plays for Istanbulspor A.St.C. and managed by John van de Brom, who played for AFC Ajax.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, in Indiana. 
Hypermarcas, a São Paulo, was founded on 1st January 2001 and is located in Sao Paulo. It has Mantecorp as its subsidiary. 
Lancia Thema is the Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy. It has a straight-four engine and Lancia Mondeo. Il y compris le Fiat Croma; it hails all'Italie. 
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Japan, where Tarō Aso and Japanese people are an ethnic group. It is part of the Période dei Ta'ta.
Alan Shepard, a test pilot, was born in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957. Defeadh California.
 1097 Vicia, a periapsis of 279142000000,0 and apoapsis is 511592000.0 km. It has an epoch date 31 December 2006.
109 Felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000.0 and e's peripsise is 28,3528000000,0., (109 Felipes), y'd l-piassis (29036)000.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam.
Asam pedas, a sequel to Sumatra and Malay Peninsula, is from Malaysia. Il's main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Paul Ryan leads as a President. It has Washington DC and its capital is Washington D.C.
John Cowper Powys e's author Wolf Solent, a was written by John Cowpers Poblanco. 
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. Washington D.C. C'est la capitale in Washington DC.
The Barny Cakes are a variation of chocolate. 
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen II, whose manager is Viktor Skrypnyk. He formerly a member of the Bundesliga League and he plays in it.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, in the United States. , Amarillo s'inscrit in Potter counties, Pennsylvania, U.S.
Albany, Oregon is a part of Oregon, in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of the deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally, was born in Greece. He worked as an Deputy Príomhpháirthóir Populécratic Rally., Born in Grecia, Adonis Gérard's office is Adjonctionnemental Vice-Particulier Synthיסטית Polymorphoorthodox Rally.
General Dynamics Electric Boat which is located in Groton, Connecticut. It has a 3.8m long ship beam and it was built by the General Dynamic Selectric Boat de Groon (Connecticut).
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983 and it was completion date of 1983.
Arròs negre, a grantur de Catalonia, in Spain, is an ingredient of saquid.
101 Helena, a average speed of 18.44 km per sec, has an apoapsis of 441092000.0 kilometres., 31 millimetris per second is l'intervalle density de 104920000.0 (kilometres).
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 737 academic staff., Il's College de Business & Social Science at an Asservator University is 737, it has a staff size of 737.
Adam Koc, a nationality of Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. Joseph Stalin commanded all'Polish–Soviet war.
200 Public Square Cleveland has 45 floors, a total area of 45.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Artur Rashizade leads. Il Memorial turco-mémorial Baku (whose dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku) was designed as red granite and white marble.
James Craig Watson, a nationality of Canada, discovered 103 Hera., Il-Canada is the birthplace of James Craig (Watson) which was born in Canada.
Led by Mondelez International in Chicago, France where Gérard Larcher is a leader. Barny Cakes were created by Mondelez International (founded at Chicago).
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis.
Alan Martin, who was born on 1st January 1989. He played football for Hamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Pietro Canonica is a designer of the Ataturk Monument in Izmir. 
Alan Martin played football for Accrington Stanley F.C. and he plays for Acrington St. C.
Bakso - China cuisine, is a food found in Indonesia. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia, where one of the languages is Indonesian.
L'Audi A1, manufactured by Audi, is related to the SEAT Ibiza and Volkswagen Polo. Il y compris le VW Polo as well as l'Opel Polo.
Tarrant County, Texas is located in the U.S.A., Arrent County Tarrant (Texas), Texas comes from the United States.
Hugh Hazzard is the full name of Bozo the Iron Man, which can be known as Hugh Iszard. 
Adam Koc fought in the Polish-Soviet War and was awarded the Cross of Valour (Poland).
Addis Ababa City Hall, which is 42 m in height, it has a total area of 140000.0 square metres and its current tenants are the Government of Addis Abeba. It has an elevation of 42m.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, where Halimah Yacob is the leader. Il's ethnic group are Banyumasan people and its language is Standard Chinese.
The average speed of 1036 Ganymed is 16.86 km per sec., (1036) Ganimed has an amount of 16,86 kilometres per second. It's متوسط speed is 168.6 km/s.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Vladimir Putin is a leader. 
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House, which was constructed in 1911, is located on U.S. Route 83. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988.
Dan Mishkin created Bolt (comics character) and was a creator of Dan Mishki. 
The Acura TLX has a 3.5 litres engine. 
L'Université 1 Decembrie 1918 s'inscrit in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is a leader. It is led by the Prime Minister of Romania. L'université 1, Decreto 1918 was istituited from Romania.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where the capital is Kuala Lumpur. Asam Pedas comes from the Malay Peninsula. Ily are an ethnic group of Malaysian Chinese and Indonesian Indian.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Fiat Croma. 
Meyer Werft located in Germany. , Meyer Wirft is a member of Germany.
Dodge Coronet, a New name of the 1955 Dodge, whose body style is hardtop. It has an V8 engine and its alternative name is (Dodge coronet).
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak. He attended University of Adelaide and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. Adenan Satem fought in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching (Sarawak).
Adam Maher was born in Diemen, diemen. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a food found in the United States, where English is the language. 
A Loyal Character Dancer is a food found in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
The Alhambra has a 8.3m ship beam and an elevation of 8.3 m.
Antioch, a part of Contra Costa County, California, in San Francisco Bay Area. Antioch is part de la Sin Francisco bay area. L'Spanish language is spoken in California. 
Trane, a subsidiary, was founded in La Crosse Wisconsin. Il's total area is 58.38 and it has an area of 56.38.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is l'Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, Brazil. 
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland, where Mario Botta dean and 600 students. It has 600תלמידs. 
At 12 metres above sea level, Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government. L'arrivée degli aerfort international which has an elevation of 12.6 km/h. Il y l'astérissement du flemish Region and it employs le flèche government. 
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart. He fecame a member of the Awlk Heart.
A Long Long Way has an ISBN number of 0-67-03380-4 and a ISBN Number of $06-670-0380-4.
Abilene, Texas - part of Texas, in the United States. L'atterrissage Regional Airport is 1121.0 long and l'itinerario n'111,0 km/h.
AWH Engineering College is located in India, where the Ganges and Mumbai are an largest city., L'Indiana has a ganges as l'université degli AWH which was istituited by Mumbai. L'India hails its maggior citta' Mumbai.
L'1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba Iulia, Romania, which is led by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. C'est l'université dei 1 Decreti-te, romane!. L'opossum ethnographique organisation of Romania (capital: Bucharest).
Elliot See was born in Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated to the U.S.T.A. It competed in the Big 12 Conference and has Gregory L Fenves as its president. 
Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority whose headquarters are located in Jinnah International airport. 
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Drew Caldwell is a leader of Brandon, Manitoba.  Led by Drew Calwell as 'ld Byern (Manitoba).
The Alvis Speed 25 has a total clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox All-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle. Its engine is 4387.0 (cintimetres). It has an impulsion of: single plate chajil, sequel to the celestial body ad hoc, mid-lilent/all-sincronhp
L'Alhambra a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes is located in Deptford. It has l'Alawbra as its power type. 
John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, where Andrew Mitchell is a leader. He designed 103 Colmore Row (postcode area B) e's governing body by Birmingham City Council.
Il-coach Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C., which is coached by Zan Tabac, c'est Qjan Tabic., QjanTabik ériged dal-Ajv M.J.M. (il-manager: Ján Türk).
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia. 
AIDA Cruises are located in Rostock.  The AIDA Crocs is a location of ROstock.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is available in hardcover. It contains Hardcover.
Baymax, created by Duncan Rouleau and Maya Rudolph, is a character in Big Hero 6 (film) which starred Maya Rutdolph.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 July 1987. He formerly played for the Houston Texans and is a member of his team. 
Alvah Sabin, who was born in Georgia, Vermont. He served as a Secretary of State of Vormont and fought in the 3rd Congressional District of Vurlington. Il's largest city is Burlington (Vermont).
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is the leader. Ayam Penyet comes from Java and has an ethnic group of Banyumasan people.
Batchoy, which is a food found in the Philippines and it has shrimp as one of its ingredients.
Buzz Aldrin was a nationality in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. Joe Biden is the leader of the U.S. J.A.
Stuart Parker, a manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, is attached to Runcorn FC Halton and plays for runcorn f.c. Haltone. 
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen II and VfL Wolfsburg. He is a member of the SV Weder Brebner II club. 
Mae Akhigbe was a predecessor to Oladipo Diya. 
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois., Illinois includes Chicago (part of Delaware County), Illinois.
L'Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Milan, is a related means of transport to the Fiat Croma. Il y l'assembler en Milan.
 Cornell University has a nickname of Cornl Big Red. 
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor. Ala' Abdul Zahra plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club.
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany. Agnes Kant graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen and worked as a Socialist Party (Netherlands).
Ajoblanco, a derivative name is Ajo Blanco, originates from Andalusia in Spain. Il y contains water and it includes eau.
Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, Greece. He worked at the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism (Grecia), is succeeded by Makis Voridis.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr. played for Florida Panthers and he plays for the football club.
Alison O'Donnell started performing in 1963 and became active in folk music of Ireland. He is associated with Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet. She was signed to Static Caravan Recordings. Desidered feidhmivement en 1963.
N.R. Pogson, a nationality of England, discovered 107 Camilla on 17 November 1868 and died in Chennai. He was born in Nottingham (England).
Ajoblanco, a food found in Andalusia, is an ingredient of almond.
Andrews County Airport serves Andrews, Texas. It is 973.0 metres above sea level and it has a runway name 11/29. Its length is 896.0., 11/29 is the name of l'Atroport named 11/29.
Akeem Priestley's youth club is the Jacksonville Dolphins. 
Aenir is a sequel to Aenur. It was written in Australians, where Above the Veil comes from. 
Il Memorial turco Martyrs, Baku, a red granite and white marble, was natively known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti. , Türk ŞehitleriAniti is an Native name of the Ataturk Atatürk Anıtı.
(19255) 1994 VK8, a mass of 5.6 kgs, has an epoch date 31 December 2006, and its orbital period is 8788850000.0. Its periapsis is 6155910000000.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where Austin is the capital.
Abraham A. Ribicoff a successor was Anthony J Celebrezze., Anthony J Carvérezze succeeded Abraham A'r Ribcoff.
1099 Figneria, a mass of 2.7 kg, has an epoch date 31 December 2006, and it had an orbital period of 179942000.0. Its periapsis is 349206000000.0.
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra, Malaysia. Minangkabau and Indonesian Malay are an ethnic group of Malaysia.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, which play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP, has 1500 members and is a member of it.
Albany, Oregon is a part of Linn County in Oregon. In the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Aaron Turner, a member of the Lotus Eaters band, is associated with Isis. He was an artist in the group Is and became attached to the band Liens.
Il-Aviation Forces United States, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada, is operated by Al Asad airbase. Il-Afghanistan General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and Lockheed AC-130 are an aircraft fighter.
Il-Aviation Forces United States, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom, operates Al Asad airbase. Lockheed AC-130 and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon are a aircraft fighter.
James Craig Watson, who was originated from Canada, discovered 101 Helena. He died in Madison, Wisconsin. , James Craig (Watson) is a Canadian born in Canada and he passed away in New York.
1099 Figneria, a periapsis of 349206000000,0 and an epoch date 31 December 2006.
L'Asser Levy Public Baths, a 23rd Street (Manhattan), were constructed in 1904 and are located on 23nd Street. 
Amdavad ni Gufa is a food found in India, where T. S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders. Amdavad NiGufa comes from India. It is led by St.S.Thakur; Tu Si Thamkur - To Sri Lanka. 
Alan Bean was born on March 15th 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He served as a test pilot and became part of Apollo 12 operated by NASA.
Arem-arem is a region in Indonesia, but more specific to Java., Mae più specific per Java comes from Indonesia.
Airey Neave a fought in the Battle of France, and began his career on March 4th 1974. He became active on 30 May 1979.
Alex Plante is 1.9204m tall and has an height of 1.9934 m.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane, and has an OCLC number 373551313., DianeDuane is l'auteur dei Jurisprudence Dylan Deane. It has ISBN Number 364575413.
Alan Martin played football for Crewe Alexandra F.C., The footballer Alan Martin is a member of the Footballer A.K.A., which plays for CBI (AFC).
Alessio Romagnoli, who played for A.C. Milan, is a member of the FC Milan and plays for Defender. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo, was in office while Mike Akhigbe had Vice President and Oladipo Diya., Abraham Muhammad Abhigbe's successor was Mulaj-Oboujanjo (il vice President) but he later became Vice president oppure Lokpo Diya preceded Ada.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom. It has a 5.3 litres and an related means of transport to the Alman Martin RHAM/1.
(410777) 2009 FD, which was discovered by Spacewatch, has a periapsis of 882343000000.0., Spacewatch is the discoverer of 4107772009 FD (410777/2009 FD) e had 8823430000.0.
Amdavad ni Gufa located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. T S Thakur is a leader of India where they are leaders. 
Alvah Sabin, a member of the Secretary of State of Vermont, was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce.
L'Angola International Airport serves Luanda, a raggio de 159 metres above sea level. It is located in Ícolo e Bengo (part of Luand Province), Angola. Il y compris 159 m long l'Atroport international אנג'לו n'est situated in Icolo-e Beno, part ofLuanda Province.
AIDAstella, owned by Costa Crociere, is operated by AIDA Cruises in Germany. It is located in Germania and operates it as well as a operator of the Aida Cruise Line. 
Abel Hernández played for Hull City A.F.C., which is managed by Steve Bruce. Abel Handez plays for the club and he currently belonged to Atlantic City FC. 
A variation of the dessert is Cake. 
A.C. Lumezzane play in the Lega Pro/A league and has 4150 members. It is a member of 2014.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and has a four-stroke engine. It is powered by l'Alco RS-3, which was constructed by the Montreal Lokomotive works., L'ALO RS-3. Its assembly was made by McManufacturements, where it has an 4-stroke Engine.
New York City, a New Netherland in the United States, is part of Manhattan. , Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York city (part from Manhattan) and New Ntherland.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, became a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak Party. He represented sarawak and resides inSarawak. 
Lar Laura Boldrini is a leader in Italy, where Amatriciana sauce can be found. Il's capital is Rome and its language is Italian.
Abradab, Katowice, Poland, became active in 1994. He is a member of the band Kaliber 44 and Magik (rapper).
Julia Morgan, a California born in California. Julia Morgan is l'architecte degli Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Riverside Art Museum. Hearst Castle are important buildings at Chinatown, San Francisco.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, Malaysia and Singapore. Y's main ingredients are: Squeezed, or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville, a part of battles. 
Akeem Ayers formerly played for the Los Angeles Rams, which is located in La Haye. Mike Mularkey was coached by Mike Munlerkey and made his debut with the Tennessee Titans. 
Baked Alaska is a dessert. It is an ingredient in Baked AAlaska. 
Binignit includes the main ingredients of sweet potato, which is part of the Solanales order. 
Abradab's genre is hip hop music, a subgenre of Gangsta rap and derived from Drum and bass. Abradab performs Hip Hop music.
Cármen Lúca - the leader of Brazil, which is led by Cárman Lujua. 
B.M. Reddy is a president of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India. It's led by b.m. reddy. 
Antonis Samaras a successor was Konstantinos Mitsotakis.,  Antonis Samarais, succeeded by Konstantinosis Mitschiyatis, is complémented to Antonius SamarAS.
Il-President Azerbaijan, a bhfuil an legislature de chuid na Náisiún Aontais in Azerbaïdjan. Ba'r bhonn red granite and white marble is designed by Hüseyin Butuner agus Hilmi Guner. Dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on 9  September 1995 in Tampere, Finland. He played for Florida Panthers and is a member of the football club.
Angola, Indiana is a part of Steuben County in Indiana. In the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Bhajji is a food found in India, where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo are leaders. Il'y compris Baksò comes from the region of Indonesia. It has Jakarta as its capital.
Adare Manor is a part of the Republic of Ireland. 
A Severed Wasp was written by Madeleine L'Engle. 
Arlington is part of Texas, where English is one of the languages spoken and Arlington. 
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico, a dessert. It includes granola and Granola. 
GMA New Media, a media company, produces dei World Wide Web. It is in the entertainment industry of GMA new media whose genre is mobile. 
Binignit contains sweet potato and banana. Il's main ingredients are banana.
Carl A Wirtanen discovered (29075) 1950 DA. 
Ayam penyet s'est found nationwide in Java, where Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. It can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore.
Aleksandr Chumakov played football for FC Torpedo Moscow, which was managed by Valery Petrakov. Aleksandr Tukmanov is a chairman of FC Turmakov who play in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League.
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart which has frangipana. 
Arros negre is a food found in Spain, where Felipe VI of Spain is the leader. Arròs Negre comes from it. Il y compris Spanish as well as l'espèce.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090. It is a campus at In Soldevalahalli (Acharya), Dr Sravarbhai Radjakrishnani Road and HessaghattaMain Road; Bangalore – 56209090., The campus of the Achie Institute of Technology devrait être attached to I'I`I `I’I'i»in Sold
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Illinois, in the U.S. A.L.
Aaron Turner started active in 1995. He is a member of the Lotus Eaters band and Old Man Gloom, whose musical genre is Electroacoustic music. In 1995, he was associated with old ManGloom and New Man Gool.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of Peñarol. 
Akeem Dent was born on 27 July 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He made his debut for the Atlanta Falcons and he fought at Atlanta Eagles. 
Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India, where Sumitra Mahjan are leaders. 
Airey Neave fought in World War II, where Joseph Stalin was a commander.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635: La Cannon Law. 
The Atlas II, a diameter of 3.04 m, was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36. L'Atlas II originated in the U.S. A.C. it had its final flight on March 16th 1998., L'Ascl-base vandenberg air force base devandenberg (United States). It has an diametre of 3.3.04m, f'il-le-la-La-
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has a coden code of APGPAC. It is where they can be found. 
Columbus Blue Jackets are located in Columbus, Ohio.  The Cleveland Blue Coats are found in the city of Cumberland (Ohio). 
The A-Rosa Luna, which was commanded on 22nd January 2004, is 125800.0 millimetres long. It has a length of 126000,0 mms and it had its ship commanded on Jan 22, 2004.
Alvah Sabin ended his active years on 3 March 1857. 
(66063) 1998 RO1 - has a minimum temperature of -71.0 degré Celsius, an apoapsis is 254989570.60815 (kilometres). Il y's maximum temperature is 500.0 kelvins. 
A.D. Isidro Metapan, which has 10000 members, can be found in the Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez and it has 10 000 members. 
1099 Figneria has a escape velocity of 0.0155 km per sec., The length of 1099Fignerie is 0,0155 kilometres per second.
Beef kway teow, which is a food found in Singapore and Indonesia. It's main ingredients are Kway Teow; beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shreed, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oryster sesame oil, but it has palm sugar as an ingredient.
Aaron Turner, a defunted in Massachusetts. He became active in 1995 and fought in the band Twilight and Lotus Eaters.
Chinabank, which was founded in Manila, Philippines, is located in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands.,  Chinabank (founded at Imparar Gouvernement insular des Illinois). L'Infinil Governor pénitencier f'Izmir, Filippina, Inc.
Polizia - un ethnic group in the Romani people. 
Ajoblanco, a sequel to Ajoblanco (or Ajo Blanco) originates from Spain in Spain. It has bread as an ingredient. 
Arròs negre, a t-arròs Negre, in Spain, comes from the Valencian Community. Il y comprise Cubanelle is one of its main ingredients: white rice, cuttlefish or squid,cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. , Arros Nule (in Spain) can be found in the region of the Valan Community.
Alan Frew performs rock music, which originated from country music and originates from Rock music.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where Austin is the capital and Houston as its largest city. 
Stuart Parker, who played for Drogheda United FC and Stockport County F.C. He is managed by A.F. C. Blackpool. Desidered to be a footballer in the Gazzetta U.S.
Aaron Turner played black metal music. 
Abilene, Texas is a part of Jones County in Texas, United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Andrew White musician performs alternative rock.  Andrew White is a member of the genre Alternative rock.
Akeem Priestley's club is FK Mughan and he plays for FCMughan. 
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader.
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana, U.S.A.
Ashgabat International Airport, a runway length of 3800.0, is located in Ashgabata.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by the European Space Agency. It has a diametre of 5.4 metres, it had its maiden flight on 2nd March 2004 and its final flight 27 September 2003 in ELA-3.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957. Il y a member of NASA in 1959 and died in California.
Bhajji is a food found in the Karnataka region of India, where Narendra Modi and Vajubhai Vala are leaders.
The AMC Matador is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria. It is classed as a Full-size car and it has an alternative name VAM Classic. L'AMCMatador belongs to the port Melbourne (Vittura).
Alan Shepard, who died in California, was awarded a Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy. He became fossils such as Solodon and defeadh en California. 
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was written by David Weber, was preceded by 1634; The Baltic War. It was followed by Ring of Fire II and is a language in English. 
Abilene, Texas is part of Texas, where Washington D.C. is the capital. Abile is a member of the United States whose capital is Washington DC. 
Il-Afghanistan Al Asad is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom. McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle are a fighter pilot of the U.S.F.A.w.
Airbus Group is the parent company of Airbus Defence and Space, which manufactured Ariane 5., Airane 5 was manufatted by Aircraft defence et Space a subsidiary for Boeing Group.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama and White Americans are an ethnic group. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S. E.L.A. C'est l'objectif de bacon esplosion.
L'Allama Iqbal International Airport, Punjab, Pakistan, is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. Il y serves Lahore in Pakistan. Anwar Zaheer Jamali is a leader of Pakistan whose currency is The Pakistani.
L'Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000. It is a sport offered to tennis, which is governed by the International Tennis Federation.
Dodge Coronet - alternative name of the 1955 Dodge, which is also known as the American coronet. 
Aaron Turner, a Black metal musician, is associated with Greymachine and Twilight. He plays black metal band., Black metal artist Aaron Tyrer has played in the group Grey Machine and was affiliated with Bluemachine.
Born in Windsor, Connecticut, Al Anderson was a member of the band NRBQ. He became active in 1966 and is associated with The Wildweeds.
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000.0 and y's peripsise is 377026000000,0.
Appleton, Wisconsin serves Appleton (part of Kimberly and Little Chute), Wisconsin. L'aerfort International Airport appleton s'est served by Appletone in Wisconsin.
The AIP Advances has an eissn number of 2158]. 
Andrew Rayel's genre is Trance, which originated from pop music. Jwaydan Moyine was a member of John Digweed and became associated with the musical artist John digweed.
At -3.3528 metres above sea level, is operated by Schiphol Group. L'arrivée degli aerfort Amstardam Siphol - 3.3528 km/h.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, in the U.S. A.L. Y's county seat is Opelika and it has an ethnic group called African Americans.
 Josef Klaus graduated from University of Vienna. 
Meyer Werft, l'AIDAstella is 253260.0 millimetres long and operated by AIDA Cruises. It has a top speed of 38.892 km/h, it was built by Meyer Werfl. Its ship beam is 32.2, its topspeed is 38892 m.
The Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 88 metres above sea level. 
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff. 
Sara Miller McCune e'r founder SAGE Publications, which is abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q. It is published by Sage Publications. 
Il Delta II, which originated in the United States, is manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office. It was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base vandenberg and Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. Il rocket Antares originates from the U.S.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has a LCCN number 32024459., Abner aus vom Mathematisch Seminar Der Universität, Hamburg hails 3294594LCCN Number 32025259.
Baked Alaska comes from China, where Standard Chinese is one of the languages. It can be found in China whose language is standard Chinese. 
Gary Cohn created Bolt, a comic character (Bolt) and Paris Cullins.
Il-Americans, where Americans are an ethnic group, is the origin of ALV X-1. It originates from the United States. L-Associazione degli Stati Uniti ha un'ethnic group called African American.
A Glastonbury Romance, which has an ISBN number of 0-7156-3648-0, is available in print. It has the ISBN Number 0-67156-328-0.
Ace Wilder's record label is EMI Records. It was signed to the home label EMI Record.
Alison O'Donnell a jazz musician is an autoharp and performs jazz.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy, where Rome is the capital. 
Walter Baade, a student of the University of Gottingen, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He was born in the German Empire and died in Göttingen.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is a politician. Il's leader is Patrick Alan. 
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the university of Tex system. He died in St Louis (part of the Kingdom of France).
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, l'Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, is located in ARApiraca, Brazil. Ily play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions. 
Giogos Kaminis is a maire in Athens, where theMayor of Athens (Gosikos Kamini).
Angola, Indiana is a destination in the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Aaron Turner started active in 1995. He is a post-metal musician and he was associated with Old Man Gloom and the Twilight band.
AIP Advances, a abbreviated to AIP Adv., is published by A.T. Charlie Johnson and it has the coden code AAIDBI. 
E. Wells discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006. It has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and its apocys is 479343000,0 km.
Aaron Turner, a Black metal musician, is associated with the band Twilight. He plays Electric guitar and performs black metal whose fusion genre is Death metal.
Albert B. White, who died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, was succeeded by William M O Dawson and a successor of Albert B White (whose succeded byWilliam M.O.Dawson).
14L/32R is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport. 
Al-Khor Sports Club played in the Qatar Stars League. 
Albert B. White was born on 22nd September 1856 in West Virginia. He died on 3rd July 1941 in Parkersburg (West Virginia).
Airey Neave a was awarded the Territorial Decor Award. 
L'Ariane 5 a diametre 5.4 metres, manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space. It was launched from Guiana Space Centre on 11 August 2005 et it had its maiden flight on 18 December 2009.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the invasion of Panama, a part of the U.S.A.F.
The Guiana Space Centre has a headquarters in Kourou, France. 
A l'ethnic group in the Philippines is the Pangasinense people. 
L-A.S. Gubbio 1910 s'inscrit in Italy, where the leader is Pietro Grasso and its capital city is Rome. Il-home ground of A. S. gubbiu 1910 was a l-Istituto. L-U.T. Gabbiano 1910 f'Italie, whose capital c'est Rome.
(66391) 1999 KW4, a density of 2.0 g/cubic centimeter, has an epoch date 14th July 2004. It had an orbital period of 16244700.0 and an apoapsis is 162164091.8388 (kilometres).
Audi e-tron is a division of Audi, whose division is Audi. 
Elliot See, a member of NASA in 1962, died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis. He was selected by NASA en 1962.
Meyer Werft located in Papenburg and is a member of the Palenburg. 
Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom, where Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and Elizabeth II are an AIDS journal. It was published by Lipppincott William & Wilins in the U.K.
18R/36L - the runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport. 
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader. Il's capital city is Jakarta and it is led by Jوسف Kalla.
A.D. Isidro Metapán, a full name is Asociación Deportiva. 
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Township, Madison County, in Indiana, U.S. In the United States, and has Indianapolis as its capital.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Randall County, Ohio in the United States. Ils include l'ethnic group de Native Americans within the U.S.
Angola, Indiana - part of Indiana, in the U.S.A. where Americans are an ethnic group and one of the languages spoken is English., L'Angola (Indiana) n'est degli Stati Uniti, which has l'Americans as a native americans. L'Albany can be found in Indiana.
Aleksandra Kovac, a solo singer, was born in Belgrade in 1972. Aleksandra Kovač's genre is rhythm and blues. She belonged to solo singer.
 Silvio Berlusconi - a chairman of A.C. Milan, which is governed by AC Milan. 
L'aertissement degli Andrews County Airport is 973.0 metres above sea level and it has a 4th runway surface type of Asphalt. It is situated 973 meters above sae level. 
Il sandwich bacon is a variation of the BLT and it comes from the United Kingdom. Il y includes condiments, c'est l'introduzione dei Bacon which can be found in the UK. 
Alex Day commence active in 2006. He is associated with Charlie McDonnell and Chameleon Circuit band. Alex Day began his musical genre in Electronic music, he fought in 2006.
At a runway length of 1533.0, it has l'Alpena County Regional Airport. 
Arem-arem is a food found nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia. 
1099 Figneria, which has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 (kilometres) is 16,37 km per sec. It had an average speed of 16.37 kilometres per second. 
Alan Martin played football for Hamilton Academical FC and Barrow A.F.C., but he plays for barrow AC.
Alex Plante was born on 9th May 1989 in Brandon, Manitoba. He played for Anyang Halla and he is a member of the clubAnyang halla.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England where he died in London. 
AFC Ajax (amateurs) is a member of 5000 and fought in the Hoofdklasse. In 2014, it has 5000 members. 
L'ingrédients include shortcrust pastry and a variant of Bakewell pudding.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, located in Beverly Hills, California. 
Walter Baade, a student of the University of Göttingen, was born in the German Empire. He discovered 1036 Ganymed and Halton Arp as well as Allan Sandage.
L'AMC Matador, a mid-size car, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. Il y includes an AMC straight-6 engine and its alternative name is American MotorsMatador.
Addiction (journal) a abbreviated to Addiction, has an ISSN number of 1360-0443. LCCN number 93645978 and it is academically expérimental l'addiction., LCCN Number 93326978, Jurnal Amministratifs i njr: 13934558, et f'abbrv b'abbreviate o Acstasy. It is in the discipline sportiva téléphonique 
Albany, Oregon is located in the U.S.A.
L'Alan B Miller Hall, Virginia, which was completed on June 1st 2009, is located in the U.S.A. Mason School of Business (whose current tenants) are l'Accademia deffari Alan B. Miller hall, Virginie. It has a completion date on May 1, 2009.
At 210 metres above sea level, it is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan. It has a runway length of 1533.0 and an elevation elevated 210 m long. 
Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II leads. 
Akron Summit Assault is a ground in Akron, Ohio, U.S. In the Premier Development League, whose champions are K-W United FC.
Aaron Turner, a Black metal musician, is associated with Sumac band and sings black metal. Death metal comes from the fusion genre of Black Metal.
Ayam penyet s'est found in Java, Singapore. It is where the Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups and its language is English.
A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and an ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2. It has 56 pages., The OCLC number for A wizard de Mars is978-20-4770-2.
Aleksandra Kovac, a solo singer, was born in 1972. Aleksandra Kovač's genre is pop music and became active in the Socialist Republic of Serbia.
Abradab's background is a solo singer.
The South Jersey Transportation Authority has Stephen Dilts as its Chief. 
Lars Løkke Rasmussen is a leader in Denmark, where Lars Lokke Rasussen leads. 
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union., Athenston in Indiana (part ofAdams falls Creek) and Faydalie, Ribland an Union.
Stuart Parker played football for Bury FC. 
Sadique Abubakar a commander in the Nigerian Air Force. 
Akita Museum of Art, which was inaugurated on 28th October 2013, has 3 floors and 3746.66 square metres. It had its construction date on 10 September 2013.
William Anders, a crew member of Apollo 8 operated by NASA. He retired on 1st September 1969. Frank Borman commanded f'Apollo 8 and Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot.
Aaron Turner, a black metal musician, is associated with Greymachine and Twilight band. He plays Electric guitar in Black metal. Death metal comes from the fusion genre of Black Metal.
Abel Caballero, a member of Juan Carlos I of Spain, was born in Spain. In office while Felipe González became Prime Minister and Francisco Franco preceded Francis Franco.
Led by Aston Martin V8, which is assembled in the United Kingdom. It was succeeded by Ldr Elizabeth II and it has a related means of transport to the Alman Martin DBS.
Anders Osborne started performing in 1989. He is a Rhythm and blues musician, he was associated with Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. J'll began his musical genre in 1988. Il became attached to the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars.
Auburn is a part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. Washington D.C. Ils are an ethnic group from the U.S. Asiatiques and Asian Americans.
Albennie Jones performs jazz music, which originated from blues and Afrobeat. Il is a fusion genre of Jazz (Afrobeat).
Adisham Hall, Haputale, Sri Lanka, is l'architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian. It can be found in Hatturale (Sri Lanka).
The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine. 
Adam Koc's award was the Cross of Valour (Poland).
 Rodrigo Duterte is a leader of the Philippines, where Rodrigu Duitleri is president. 
Baduy is an ethnic group in Java, where the Baducy are one of the ethniques. 
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico, a part of New mexica. It has an area density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre and its area code is 505, 575. Il y ha un total area of 490.9 sq km.
Anaheim, California has a area code 657., L'area code of Anaheim in California is 657.
Antonis Georgiadis served in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister. Konstantinos Mitsotakis successor, Adonis Gérardis f'était entrato a vice-Ministre. 
Andrew Rayel, who started his career in 2009, was born in Chisinau, Moldova. He is associated with Armin van Buuren and Christian Burns.
Bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT in the U.K. A.S. Bacon, which can also be known as bacon butty, baco sarnie, an rasher Sandwich, ban sanger, piece 'n barm, bocon cob (bacon Barm), b'en muffin. It comes from the United Kingdom.
Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States, where Paul Ryan leads. 
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy, where A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground was located. Ily are known as Italians and the leaders include Sergio Matarella. 
Arròs negre is a t-arròs in the region of the Valencian Community, where Ximo Puig and Felipe VI are leaders. E'r home to Spain whose demonym is Spaniards.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena in North Wall, Dublin. 
Anderson, Indiana is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, in Indiana, United States., At Anderson (part de Anderson) township Atlanta, Wisconsin, Illinois, U.S.
Acharya Institute of Technology which is located in Bangalore, India. Its motto is Nurturing Excellence.
Lerney serves Alderney, a l'arrondissement deargney. La 1st runway is made of poaceae and it has an length of 733.0.
Luanda serves Luanda, l'Angola International Airport. 
Alexandria, Indiana is part of Madison County, in Indiana, U.S. In the United States, where Anderson is an largest city.
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982 in Stockholm, Stockholm. He became a solo singer and began his career on 7th May 1982. 
The Alfa Romeo 164 is classed as a executive car. 
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland, which was established in 1996. It has 600 students and is led by the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland.
Aleksandra Kovac, whose genre is pop music, was associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač. Aveva performed Pop music. He has collaborated with the musical artist bhj bjbj Bjl.
Led by Gale Brewer, New York City is part of Manhattan, in the U.S.A. Y'll y'l-I.R.N.Y. Ildistingue le Asser Levy Public Baths f'New York (part de Manhattan), United States.
3Arena, located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland, is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. It is part of Dublin (République d'Irlande).
Alan Bean a crew member of Apollo 12 was operated by NASA and David Scott as commander. 
Aaron Turner, a Black metal musician, is associated with the band Twilight and Sumac. He plays black metal., Black metal artist Aaron Wheeler has worked with an band Sumacc and was associate to the genre of Black Metal.
A.C. Cesena, which play in Serie B, has 23900 members and their ground is l'Iscena., Federal A.J. C.E. Caesena was a member of the SerieB League where 22900 Members are part. 
Arròs negre, a Catalonia in Spain, hails arròs Negre. Il y compris an ingredient of it is white rice, cuttlefish or squid,cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
L'Audi A1, which is manufactured by Audi, and a related means of transport to the SEAT Ibiza. It is similar to Audi A1.
The Dead Man's Plack, dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia, is made from rock (geology).
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090, India; it was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. It is governed by Dr G. P. Prabhukumar.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas. It has a runway length of 3500.0.
Alan B Miller Hall, Williamsburg, Virginia, owned by the College of William and Mary. It is located in Williamsbourg, Virginie. 
The final flight of Antares was on 28th October 2014 and it had its final voyage on 28, 2014.
Airey Neave, a fought in World War II and was awarded the Military Cross. He ended his career on 30th March 1979.
Adisham Hall, Sri Lanka, commenced in 1927. It is architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian; it was completed in 1931.
L'Universitas Apulensis is a latin name of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Romania, where Andrew The Apostle and Andrew the Apostolle are patron saints. 
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada. 
Alfons Gorbach, a member of the state Tyrol, in Austria-Hungary, died in Graz, Styria.
Michele Marcolini, a member of F.C. Bari 1908, was born in Italy and managed AC Lumezzane. He is attached to Torino FC.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, part of the community of Madrid. 
Atlanta is a part of DeKalb County, Georgia, in the United States. Atlanta (in dekalb counties) - l'État.
Il-Aviation Forces United States, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada, became operated by Al Asad airbase. L-U.S. Air Force is l-Opération de Panama and fl-Afghanistan (Panama). Il-Fhlterra Générale Generale Inc.
Albany, Georgia is a part of the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group. Albany (Georgia) is in the U.S. E.R.A. Y'll governed by l'U. S.E.L.Y. there are many americans and one of its ethnological groups include Asia-Americans.
Austin, Texas a total area of 703.95 square kilometres, has l'area di land 686.0 sq km. It is 696.0 (square kilometers).
Stanislaw Tillich is a leader in Germany, where the leader is Francois. 
Ace Wilder was born in Svezia, Sweden. He is a solo singer and he has been signed to the Warner Music Group.
Adonis Georgiadis, aDeputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping, worked as the Sous-Ministre for Développement., Administrat ad Adonis Gérardis, was Vice Minister of Development (Contrevinss et Shipping).
Aaron Deer, a Indiana is in the U.S. A.R.A. He originated in Indiana, United States. His genre is Indie rock and he plays indie rock. 
The mascot of the University of Texas at Austin is Hook'em (mascot). 
Frank de Boer, who played for Ajax Youth Academy, is manager of AFC Aols. Frank De Boer's club is l'Alexandrie soccer Club., Fern Franco Boer plays for the Association youth Academy and he was managed by a football team where Frankde Boer (manager).
Hypermarcas, a São Paulo, is located in Sao Paulo. It has 10252 impieciens and an revenue of 1800000000.
Atlantic City International Airport, operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, is 23 metres above sea level. It has a runway name 4/22 and an length of 3048.0.
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. Albany (Oregon) originates from the U.S. In which you will find an ethno group including Asia-Americans.
Kelvin Mao is the alternative name of Ballistic, which was created by Doug Moench. Il's creator dei comic character Bolais (comusually known as KelvinMao).
Auburn, Alabama is a part of the United States where Washington D.C. is the capital.
In Italy, where Italians are known as italians. 
Beef kway teow, which is a food found in Singapore and Indonesia. It's main ingredients are Kway tew, keow tender loin, gula Melaka, shreed, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oryster sesame oil, but it has palm sugar as an ingredient.
Arrabbiata sauce is a toscana, Italy. It's an ingredient in Arrabbiata which has tomato as one of its ingredients. 
Aleksandra Kovac, whose genre is rhythm and blues, was associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač. Rhythm and Blues musician Aleksandra Kaovac plays in the band Bande Abhji Dol.
ENAIRE is l'Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas, situated in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain. ENAIRE operates an aerfort Adolfo SuarezMadrid Barajas (led by ACAE).
L'Italia, where Laura Boldrini and Pietro Grasso are leaders, is a leader in Italy. L'Italie (capital: Rome), c'est l'indirizzo dei Amatriciana sauce.
110 Lydia, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, has a rotation period of 39332.9., Lydia (l-Epoch: 31 Decembre 2006) has un poids de 15332.9 and an imeacht du 31decembre 2006.
Agustin Barboza, a solo singer, is signed to Philips Records and plays Guarania music. Agustin Gaboza's musical genre is Guarani. It was recorded by Philips Record label.
Eric Flint scrisse 1634: The Bavarian Crisis., The author of the book, EricFlint, includes Eric Fllint.
Baymax is a film Big Hero 6.
Buzz Aldrin, a member of NASA in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20th January 1930. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with an Sc.D. In 1963; he became part of Apollo 11 operated by NASA.
Asam pedas s'est found in the Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. Il is led by Arifin Zakaria and one of the ethnic groups include Malaysian Indians.
110 Lydia, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, had an orbital period of 142603000.0 and a periapsis is 377016000000.0.
Hypermarcas, l'industrie pharmaceutique, is a produzione of cosmetici. It produces cosmétiques. 
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, in Indiana. 
At l'aerfort County Andrews is located in Texas, United States, where they are known as Texans. L'arrivée dei tal-astéral (Andrews County Airport) n'est loin d'États-Unis.
John Madin designed 103 Colmore Row., Jen Madina progetted 103 Colonmor Row.
Led Claude Bartolone, laissez-passer en France. Barny Cakes can be found in France, where Gérard Larcher is a leader. Ild l'en France devrait être led by Guor Lalcher and Jean-Barton.
Ajoblanco contains bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil. Ajoblanco originates from Andalusia in Spain. Il y compris Bread, algues, granturc, uisge, olivo.
Adenan Satem graduated from the University of Adelaide., The Alma mater of AdenanSatem is Université of Adenadi.
Chinabank, which was founded in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands, is a public company. Chinabank comes from the insular Gouvernement des Philippines.
Ajoblanco, a food found in Andalusia, Spain. Ajoblanco comes from the Andalusian region and is led by Susana Diaz. Felipe VI of Spain; it is governed by Isabeliards.
Alvah Sabin was born on 23rd October, 1793 in Georgia, Vermont. He worked as a Secretary of State ofVermont and became Governor of Saskatchewan. 
Bhajji is a food found in India, where T. S. Thakur is the leader. Bhajji comes from India. That people are known as Indians.
Il Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Turk Sehitleri Aniti and Hilmi Guner are an native name of Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial. It was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Il y designed Hüseyin Butuner and Halimi Güner. 
Bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT in the United Kingdom, where Brown sauce can be found. It has an alternative name: bacon butty, Bacon sarnie, Rasher Sandwich, baco sanger, piece 'n bcon, bocon cob, barm, macon muffin.
At Alexis Tsipras is a leader in Greece, where Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens., Led by Atènes International airport s'est rassemblé ar an itinerario di Atene, part of Greek, whose leader is Alban Alessandro Schipras. 
Marv Wolfman created Auron (comics character) auron. 
(66391) 1999 KW4 has a periapsis of 29919600000.0., The peripops (66391 199 KW4) is 2919600500000.0.
Albany, Georgia is a part of the state of Georgia in the U.S. In which Americans are an ethnic group whose language is English.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol, who are managed by Giuseppe Iachini. He plays in Serie A and is a member of the U.S. Città di Palermo, which has been managered by Gabbiani. 
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where the legislature is National Assembly. It is governed by national Assembly (Azerbaijan), which has Baku as its capital. Is l'immense majority of  Azerbaïdjan.
Alan Frew, a solo singer, performs rock music. Rock music originated from blues and country music but bhangra is an element of the fusion genre debhogra.
At located in Spata, Athens International Airport is a location of Athens international airport. 
Abner (footballer) played for C.D. FAS.
Noodles are an ingredient in Bakso which has niol as one of its ingredients. 
The Turkish Martyrs' Memorial in Baku is located in Azerbaijan, a dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner as Artur Rasizade.
Al Anderson, a member of the band NRBQ, plays guitar in Rock music. Desidered rock music which originated from blues and originates from bhangra.
Hypermarcas, located in São Paulo, produce drugs and is a food found in Sao Paulo. 
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes. 
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. It has a 21.2 m long ship beam, and it was constructed at the Arc Tech Helsinki Boatyard.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines, where Philippine Spanish is spoken. Il y compris Zamboangans and Chinese Filipino are an ethnic group in this country.
Chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which has chorizo as one of the ingredients. 
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan. 
Angola, Indiana is a part of Steuben County in Indiana. In the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Adam Koc died in New York City.  Adam Koc passed away in new York city.
L'AMC Matador, a model year 1974, is assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin. Il y includes the AMC Ambassador and l'Ambassade of Amérique latine.
L'American Journal of Mathematics (abbreviated to Am. J. Math). It was first published in 1878 and has an ISSN number 1080-6377., Il-Am.J.Math. is the abbreviation for American Journal de Mathematic, which had its initial publication on 1878.
Bananaman, which was created by John Geering and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor. Bananaman first aired on 3rd October 1983. It is a radiodiffused by the BBC but last aireadh on 15 April 1986. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of Kota Samarahan. 
Arem-arem is a region of Indonesia, Indonesia. 
Sausage is an ingredient in Bacon Explosion which comes from the United States, where bacon esplosion originates. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a food found in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans. It was published in Great Britain.
Arlington, Texas y is part of Tarrant County, Fort Worth and Houston. In Texas, where English is one of the languages spoken, c'est Houston.
Robert A M Stern - architect of Alan B Miller Hall, a tenant dei Mason School of Business., L'Alan B. Miller hall is owned by Robert A m Stern and was designed by Richard A.M Stern.
Hypermarcas, which has 102252 employees, has a net income of 108,600,000. It has an revenue of 1800000000, $108,100,000, $ and 10252 employs. 
Aleksandra Kovac, a solo singer, was born in Belgrade in 1972. Aleksandra Kovač's genre is pop music and he became an apogée dei sequels. 
Il AIDS (journal) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron is leader. L 'Idea governed by Applem Fitzgerald and Wilkinson.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Bundelkhand. It is 167.94 metres above sea level and it is situated at 166.94.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, a Randall County in Texas, U.S. Amarillo (part of Travey).
Akeem Ayers formerly played for the Tennessee Titans and was a draft pick of 39. He served in turn on 3rd round, but he started to play for 39.
Alvah Sabin a member of the Whig Party in the United States, which is led by Daniel Webster. Il y's largest city was Burlington, Vermont.
Andrew Rayel's associated with Jwaydan Moyine. He was a member of the band J Waydan Meyine.
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of Makis Voridis, was in office while Antonis Samaras was born in Athens. He attended Aleksandros Venizelos and Konstantinos Mitsotakis. Adonis Gérard's successor f'Athens. Il y compris Agusto Samarais, whose deputy is Ahmet Voudalis.
Abdul Taib Mahmud attended the University of Adelaide. , Abdul Taij Mogaud attende l'Université D'Adelaide.
Andrew Rayel, a member of Jwaydan Moyine, is associated with Armin van Buuren. He performs house music and plays House music.
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC, was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky. It has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 and its periapsis is 419113394.55312 km.
 1097 Vicia, a epoch date 31 December 2006, has an orbital period of 135589000.0., (107) Viscia (b) had an apogée de 31.12.2006.
250 Delaware Avenue, Buffalo, New York, is a total area of 30843.8 square metres and has 12 floors. It was constructed in janvier 2014; it cost 110 million dollars. Its construction began in Janvier 2014., Considered by Jan Feb 2014, 250 Deelaware Ave (Buffalo-New York) had 12 surfaces per 20603,8 sq km/h et coût 110 milliom dollari.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane. It is available in hardcover and has an OCLC number 318875313., Dian Deane authored A wizard de Mars, published in Hardcover, it has the UCLC Number 314075313.
Greenville, Wisconsin - part of Clayton, Winnebago County in Wisconsin, United States. Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville (part of Menasha), Wisconsin.
Il Gruppo Bertone, Turin, Italy, ha progettato l'Abarth 1000 GT Coupé. It was founded in Torino,איטליה. 
Andrews County, Texas is a county seat of Andrews.
Buzz Aldrin, a United States national, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 per l'Sc.D. In 1963, became an American fighter pilot and fought on Apollo 11.
Andrew White is a musician of alternative rock, whose fusion genre is Nu metal. Andrew White performs Alternative rock and nu metal.
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. (corporation), was founded on 1st January 2001, and has an net income of 108,600,000.
Chinabank, a public company founded on 16 August 1920 in Manila. Chinabank has 295 locations and its net income is 15,100,000,000., L'entreprise dei Chinesebank (founded 08-16-1920) ha un revenue net of 15100000000, but it was operated by the Public Company Inc.
Julia Morgan, a New York born in California. Julia Morgan was architected by Asilomar Conference Grounds and Los Angeles Herald-Examiner as well as an Riverside Art Museum.
The AIDAluna, which has a length of 252000.0 millimetres, is powered by Caterpillar Inc. and it had its maiden voyage on 22nd March 2009.
Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital. Bacon Explosion comes from. It has Paul Ryan as its leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
Alfred Garth Jones, a United Kingdom, was born in Manchester, Manchester. He died in London.
Akeem Dent formerly played for the Atlanta Falcons, who are owned by Arthur Blank. He was a member of the Houston Texans, which is located in Atlanta.
GMA New Media, a mass media industry. Felipe Gozon is an key person in GMA Network Center. It was founded on 1st January 2000 and produces mobile applications.
Baked Alaska is a food found in New York, United States. Il y includes saponge cake and it comes from new York. 
Mae is a language spoken in Finland, where Sami is one of the languages. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died 28 February 1966 in St Louis.
Arlington, a part of Tarrant County, Texas. Fort Worth is the largest city in Texas and Austin is its capital.
Cleveland is a part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. It is governed by the Cleveland City Council and it has 200 Public Square. 
AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, United States. It has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres and its time zone is North American Eastern Time Zone.
Amarillo, Texas is located in the U.S.A.
Gordon Marsden is a leader in Blackpool, where the ground of A.F.C. blackpool are managed by Stuart Parker who plays for KV Mechelen and Chesterfield FC. 
Adam Koc, who was born in Congress Polonia Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. Leon Trotsky is a commander in that war.
Il-American Delta II, which originated from the United States, is a launch site of the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It was associated with Minotaur V and it was launched at mid-Atlantique Regional spaceport Lanc 0.
T. S Thakur is a leader in India, where T.S Thaktor is the leader. 
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, which was manufactured by Gruppo Bertone, is l'abarth. L'abbreviated company dei Bbarth 10 GT Coupe (w&rmtrodotto da Gruppu Bertoni).
Ajoblanco, a food found in Andalusia, Spain, is an ingredient in Ajoblanco. Il y contains water.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport located in Madrid. It has a runway name 14L/32R and length of 410.0.
A Long Long Way, which was followed by The Secret Scripture, is published by Faber and Fabers. It comes from Ireland where the White people are one of the ethnic groups., L'Alban A Long long Way (in Europe) can be found in Ireland.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia, Indonesia. Il's main ingredients include: Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal and it comes from the Malaysian Chinese.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is located in Argentina. It has a length of 192000.0 millimetres, and it is 192300.0 mm long., L-Argentina is the Argentine's ARA V-2 whose longueur is 185000.0millimetres.
Aaron Bertram played with the Suburban Legends band and is a member of Ska.
Alison O'Donnell started active in 1963. 
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors. 
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ottawa, in the United States. Washington D.C. Is a capital and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Aleksandre Guruli played football for FC Dinamo Batumi, whose manager is Levan Khomeriki. He formerly a member of FC Fylda's Stadio Erosi Manjgaladze. Il y rassembler levan Kovakeki.
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where Barack Obama leads A.B. Obama and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
N.R. Pogson is a nationality in England. 
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, which is a town of Mendirjio in Switzerland. It has 600 students and 100 academic staff. Il dean was Mario Botta.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957 and died in California. Il y a test pilot whose nationality is the United States.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore which was founded by Kempe Gowda I, is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. In Karnataka has its west to Arabian Sea., Accademia deטכנולוגיta Acharya (in Bangalore) - located in Uttar Pradesh Kerala. It's home to the east of Bangalore, a formerly founder Lippe Goswa I; it is affilied with an Vis
L'Ariane 5 a launch site of ELA-3 is located at Guiana Space Centre, France, French. L' Ariane 5 was launched it ala-3.
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and it has a Cruise Ship. It is 125.8600 millimetris in length. 
Albany, Oregon is a part of Linn County, Oregon, in the United States. Washington D.C. C'est la capitale degli Stati Uniti, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Al Asad airbase in Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force. It has a runway length of 307,48.
Alex Day, a musical genre of Electronic music, was born in London Borough of Havering. He is associated with Charlie McDonnell and Chameleon Circuit band. Alex Day became active in 2006.
Auralkles, alternatively known as Aurakles, was created by Len Wein., Len Wein is a creator of Auraklees (alternatively name: Aarusles).
L'1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania, where Klaus Iohannis leads le Premier Minister. L'université dei 1 Decreti 1918 f'est l'Alba-Iulia (capital: Bucharest).
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090, India, is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students., L'Acharya Institute of Technology (founded in 2000.) y hails ar an Idirm Reddy.
Aaron Bertram, a ska punk musician, is associated with Kids Imagine Nation and the Suburban Legends band. Brian Robertson (trombonist) performs Ska punk.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg, which was part of the American Civil War. Abraham Lincoln is a commander in that war. 
Angola, Indiana is a part of Steuben County in Indiana. In the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group and includes Native americans.
Aaron Deer, a solo singer, is from Indiana in the United States. He was associated with Wee Giant and whose musical genre is Indie rock.
In the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group, there are native americans. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States, where English is the language and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom, where London is its capital. 
Adam Holloway, who was born in Faversham Kent, England, fought in the Gulf War where Colin Powell and Grenadier Guards were a commander. 
Buzz Aldrin, a Glen Ridge, New Jersey, attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963. He graduated from Sc.D. In 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1962. William Anders is the backup pilot at Apollo 11 which operates NASA.
Dáil Éireann is a leader in Dublin, part of Leinster, Republic of Ireland. 3Arena n'est owned by Live Nation Entertainment and l'yst de Dublin (leenster).
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. It has a coden code ATSET. 
Roy D. Chapin Jr, a key person in the American Motors manufactured AMC Matador. It was succeeded by Eagle (automobile).
Alison O'Donnell, a jazz musician, was signed to Static Caravan Recordings. Funk is derived from Jazz which has funk as its derivative.
Il Memorial turc Martyrs, Baku, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is made from red granite and white marble. 
Arabic is a language spoken in the Philippines, where they speak Arabic., The language of the Philippines is Arab and one of its languages is Arabian.
Acura is a division of Honda, Acura. 
Alison O'Donnell commence active in 1963. He is associated with Mellow Candle and Head South By Weaving. She began his musical genre folk music, but he was a member of the band Mr. J.W.A.
N.R. Pogson, Nottingham, was born on October 31st 2006. It has an epoch date of 107 Camilla 2006-12-31.
The building of Adare Manor commenced in 1700 and it was completed on 1700. 
Ajoblanco contains bread. Ajoblanco is a food found in Spain, Spain. 
Mondelez International created Barny Cakes.
Austin, Texas is a part of Travis County in Texas, U.S. In the United States.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Ohio., Mae Auburn (Alabama) is جزءا d'Alabama.
GMA New Media, a Quezon City, is l'industrie degli Entertainment. Ils produciscono web sites in World Wide Web and are subsidiary of Philippine Entertainment Portal. 
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa where Cape Town. 
Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, is a part of the Addis Abeba Stadium. Hailemariam Desalegn and Mayu Teshome are leaders in Ethiopie.
Alan Bean, a test pilot, was born in Wheeler, Texas. He is an American of the United States and operated Apollo 12 by NASA.
103 Hera, which has a mass of 7.9 kgs, has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 km. It has its mass de 7.9 kilograms and an escape velocity of 0.0482 km per sec., 3814 kilometres per second is the celestial body known as 103Hera (consapsis 3874170000,0 km).
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a food found in the United States, where Joe Biden is leader. Il'y compris Great Britain and African Americans are an ethnic group of the U.S., Il'l'il-L-U.A. (led by Joe Baiden) hails Alcatraz Versu the Labyrintans comes from the English language which was spoken in Great Gran Bretagna.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma and White South Africans are leaders. Il'y includes an ethnic group called white Southafricanes.
Casey Ribicoff, a Illinois born in Chicago, was married to Abraham A. Ribcoff and whose spouse was Casey Richoff. 
L'AMC Matador, comprises in Thames, New Zealand, is a station wagon. It has an AMC V8 engine and its alternative name is the American MotorsMatador., Il-American Motors Matdor was assembled at Thame (New Zealand). Il-il-l-ol-w-f-h-ph-q-p-pop-up-po-post-top-port-tog-pomp-passat-transport
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where Houston is the largest city.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Tab. 
250 Delaware Avenue, which was constructed in janvier 2014, has 12 floors. It is architectural style of postmodern architecture and it had 12.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce et al. It has 512 pages and is published in E-book., EricFlint (Virginia De Marce) et Al. wrote 1634:The Ram Revilion), which was produced in É-Book, it has 511 pages.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas, is operated by ENAIRE. It has a runway name 18R/36L and length of 3500.
 Potter County, Texas is a state in Texas. 
Abilene, Texas is part of Taylor County, Ohio in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road (Birmingham – 560090), India. It was established in 2000 and has 700 post-graduate students. Its motto is Nurturing Excellence. Is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Ab Klink, a nationality of the Netherlands, was born in Stellendam. He represented le Christian Democratic Appeal and is i member of Mark Rutte. L'euro devrait être an euro.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a member of the Nigerian Army, was in office while Mike Akhigbe had succeeded Oladipo Diya. He ended his active years on 29th May 1999 and became Vice President.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay, where Tabaré Vázquez is a leader. Il y's demonym of Uruguayans - Uruguayens.
L'Aston Martin V8, assembled in the United Kingdom, is a related means of transport. It has 5.3 litres per l'as well as an Aston-RHAM/1.
Elliot See served as a test pilot and was employed as an Test pilot. 
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore, where they are beef kway teow. 
Claude Bartolone - leaders France, where Barny Cakes can be found. Gérard Larcher is a leader in France; c'est commençant Francois (France).
Lancia Thema is the Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy. It has a straight-four engine and an Saab 9000 as well as all'y compris le Lancia Mondeo.
L'Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000 in Karnataka, India. In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road ( Bangalore - 560090). It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. L'Institiúid de Teicneolaíochta Abhqiar hails l'Istitut De T. S.P. Prabhukumar
Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Cornell University was affiliated with the Association of American Universities and it has its publishers Administrative Science Quarterly., L'Université Cornelle (New York), which hails within Inaugurata, Nuy-Yjau, NY. C'est un édifice deontologique amministrative/quarterly published by Corneln University, affiliation to
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, has a runway length of 3500.0., Asroport Adolfo SuarezMadrid Barajas which is situated inSan Sebastian de Los Reyers, hails l'asfalto raggio di 35000,0.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akit, Japan. It is part of the Pholagée Jōta. Y's includes an ethnic group called Filipinos. 
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where Boris Johnson and Elizabeth II are leaders. London is its capital of London. L'université devrait belonger a pound sterling.
Ayam penyet serves hot and is served hot. 
Trane, a subsidiary in Ireland. Trane was founded in La Crosse ( Wisconsin), is located in Europe and has 29,000 employees.
Binignit includes sweet potato, which is a division of the flowering plant. Il y compris an ingredient in Binignit.
Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in Illinois, United States, has Douglas R Oberhelman as a key person and its power type is the AIDAluna., L'Aidaluna fought in Caterpillar In Illinois (United States). L'Agglomération dei Compagnies U.S. E.C. l'Administration Dei-U.E.
Alan Frew performs rock music which originated from blues and folk music. Bhangra is a fusion genre of Rock music, it has its stylistic origins in the Blues and folklore.
Jack Kirby created the comic character Balder. 
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka, where Ampara Hospital is located., Ampara hôpital is situated in Sri Lanca, whose capital c'est Sri Lafayettepura Kutte.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played football for FC Dynamo Moscow and FC Terek Grozny, which is a youth club in Grumzny. He was managed by Rashid Rakhimov.
Andra, a solo singer, was born in Romania in 1986. Rhythm and blues music is an genre of Andra., Rhythm & blues singer Andra (in Romania) became active in 1976.
Anaheim, California - part of California. Anaheim is led by Tom Tait and the United States House of Representatives who are located in the U.S. Capitol.
Albennie Jones performs rhythm and blues, which originated from blues. Rhythm and Blues originates from the blues.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated to the U.S.T.A. and competed in Big 12 Conference.
A Long Long Way, published by Viking Press in Ireland. It was preceded by Annie Dunne and followed by The Secret Scripture. 
The OCLC number of Addiction (journal) is 37357194. 
Il-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base. It is comparable to Delta II, which originated in the United States. Il-L-Federal Antares originates from the U.S. E.E. L-I'l-Bataille Aviation Mid Atlantic (led by Minotaur IV).
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County in Indiana, United States. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area total of 4.14 sq km.
Acharya Institute of Technology, which was given to the All India Council for Technical Education, had its official school colour blue, white and orange. It was underd by all-India Council per التطوير Technique. 
The AIDAstella was operated on March 17th 2013, and it had its ship in service on the 17nd of March 2013.
Alkmaar Zaanstreek, a total name of AZ Alkmaar, has 17023 members. 
L'Alan B Miller Hall, Virginia, in the United States, is a member of the Mason School of Business. L'Alban School de Business (whose current tenants) are l'American School di Business located in Virginia. 
L'aer Antwerp International Airport, which is owned by Flemish Region, operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. It is 12 metres above sea level; it has a runway length of 600.0.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, a which is led by Diego Santilli.
Bakewell pudding, a type of dessert, comes from the Derbyshire Dales region. Il contiene almond, jam, butter and eggs as its main ingredients.
Alvah Sabin went in Vermont, where Burlington is the largest city and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He was a member of Irmont's 3rd Congressional District. Il y debecame part of Deburlington (Illinois).
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, which has a wheelbase of 2160.0 millimetres, was produced in 1958. It's front-four engine and its production fined in 1956.
James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada, discovered 101 Helena on 15 August 1868. He attended the University of Michigan and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Abel Hernández played for the Uruguay national football team. 
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where Ranil Wickremesinghe is an a leader.
In the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group, there are native americans. 
Buzz Aldrin, a nationality in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey. John Biden is the leader of the U.S. He became an Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA and William Anders as backup pilot.
Illinois e olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce, which originates from Italy. 
James Craig Watson, a national of Canada, discovered 103 Hera. He died in Madison, Wisconsin and passed away from peritonitis. 
Adisham Hall, architectural style of Tudor Revival, is located in Sri Lanka. It was completed in 1931.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, was available in E-Book. It is a media type of E book. 
Ajoblanco, a bread, almonds, garlic, water, oil and olive oil. Ajoblanco comes from Andalusia in Spain. It is also known as Ajo Blanco. Its main ingredients are Bread, algues, granturc, pesce, hydrique, ola et olive petrol.
The AIDAluna is a ספינת-crocier Sphinx class. 
Felipe Gozon - a key person in GMA New Media. 
Adam Koc fought in World War I where Adam Koc was awarded Parasol for the Officer's Star parasol. 
Denmark's capital is Copenhagen. It is the capital of Copenhagen.
Aleksandra Kovač performs soul music. 
At serves Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which is -3.3528 metres above sea level. L'arrivée ar an aerfort Stáit Amstardam - 3.3528 milliers long runway de 3500.0. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, Brazil. Ily competed in 2015. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are a champions of confederated Serie C (Brésil).
Lancement site Delta II - Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. 
200 Public Square a completion date of 1985. It was completed in 1985.
Trane, a 29,000 employs, has revenue of 10264000000, and net income is $556,300,000. Trane's total amount of 29000 per cubic centimetre., Tonae (traen) - 19,000 salaries, acquiert rendimento de 10,264,000,000, but hails un gettivo net 2,23000,000,000, massima nette מיליארד USD.
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. (corporation) is in the pharmaceutical industry and it was founded on 1st January 2001; its key person is CEO.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090, India, is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It was established in 2000 and its president is B.M. Reddy. 
Alexandria, Indiana has a total area of 6,81 sq km. It has an population density of 755.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Greenville, Wisconsin is a part of Clayton, Winnebago County in Wisconsin, United States. Greenville (Wenniebago), Wisconsin devrait belonger to Appleton International Airport.
Ace Wilder performs hip hop music, which originated from disco and has its stylistic origins in disco. 
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre, a typical ingredient. 
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow, which was managed by Valery Petrakov. It plays in the Russian Premier League on 15th July 2014. , Aleksandr ChuMakov is a member of FC TC טרוм Мокой, who fought in 2014-15 Regional Liga on 2015.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor. Amar Osim was the manager of Al Khalid Al-Ordon Club.
Aleksandra Kovac, whose genre is rhythm and blues, was associated with Bebi Dol and K2 (Kovač Sisters duo).
Bananaman broadcast by STV. It is a radiodiffused by Bananaman.
L-Aviation Forces United States, which fought in the invasion of Panama, is operated by Al Asad airbase. L-Opération General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and Lockheed AC-130 are a transport aircraft (Boeing C-17 Globemaster III).
 Barny Cakes are a variation of apple and Apple. It has 18 g carbohydrate, 18.0g carbs et 1.8g protein. 
 1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95060.0. 
Anders Osborne, a member of Tab Benoit, is associated with Billy Iuso and Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. He was affiliated with Tab Binoit and Alfred Juso.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is part of Michigan in the United States. Ann
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. Il's capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and its currency is the shri Lankan rupee.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv, which is managed by Oleh Luzhny. Il y a member of FC Samtredia whose ground is o Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England, where the Labour Party (UK) is a leader of Manchester.
Alan Bean, a test pilot, was born in Wheeler, Texas. He attended University of Austin at Austin, B.S. 1955. In 1955, Alan Bean became an Apollo 12 crew operated by NASA and David Scott.
René Goscinny created Asterix (comics character) which is a creator of Rene Goschinny. 
Batagor, a Siomay, Indonésie, Indonesia. Chiitake is an ingredient in Shumai., Ma batagor (in Indonesia) comes from Indonesia.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He lived in Kuching and he represented Asajaya.
Asser Levy Public Baths, a 23rd Street (Manhattan), were constructed in 1904. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23nd April 1980 and has an reference number 80002709.
Adam Koc, a nationality of Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. Lien polonais; Leon Trotsky was i commander de la Polania.
Walter Baade, aménagé in Preussisch Oldendorf, discovered 1036 Ganymed. Halton Arp is the doctoral student of Walter baade and his alma mater was University of Gottingen.
Alberto Teisaire, a national of Argentina, is l'Argentine. He died in Buenos Aires (led by Gabriela Michetti) e governed by the Spanish legislature dei Buis Aires City Legislature.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and died on 28 February 1966 in St. Louis. He served as a test pilot.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is a governed by the State Senate., The leader of Albuquerques, N.M. hails in the state senate.
AZAL PFK, which has 3500 members, is located at AZAL Arena. Il y have 3500 member and play in the Azerbaijan Premier League where Qarabag FK are champions. 
Alexandria, Indiana is a part of Madison County in Indiana, United States. Anderson is an largest city in the U.S.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a food found in the United States, where one of its ethnic groups are Native Americans. It comes from the English language which was spoken in Great Britain.
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run. 
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka. It has Telangana to its northeast and Arabian Sea. Ta'l-Idirthóir Acharya was affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Bionico - dessert. Bionico is a type of dessert, which varied from Ice cream. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and is available in print. It has an OCLC number 51969173 and an ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
L'Alhambra, which was wrecked, is 63800.0 millimetres long, has a ship beam of 8.3m and an apogée de 8.3 m.
The ALCO RS-3 has a four-stroke engine and is operated by l'Alco RS-3.
Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay, where Juan Afara is a leader. Agustin Barboz died in Asunción (part of Gran Asuncion) which has an ethnic group called Mestizo.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka, Uttar Pradesh. It was given the Technical Campus status by All India Council for Tecnico Education which has Mumbai as well as Arabian Sea to its west. L'Institizio Acharya (Idir Lanka), l'Indian National Tennis Federation belongs to the sport offered tennis.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St Vincent-St Mary High School. 
Airey Neave started service in 1935. , Airey Niave began service en 1935.
Abner played football for Real Madrid Castilla, which is managed by Luis Miguel Ramis and Coritiba Football Club. Il y former footballer Abner's club was coritiba Foot Ball Club.
E. Wells discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, periapsis is 479343000.0 km and apoapsis is 560937000.0 km.
Aenir, which preceded by Castle (novel) is a sequel to Above the Veil in Australians. It was followed by Aenur and it can be found in Australia. 
(66063) 1998 RO1, which has an orbital period of 360.29 days, has a mean temperature of 265.0 kelvins. Its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres and its epoch date was on 4 November 2013.
Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot, attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963. He graduated from MIT en 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1962. William Anders is the backup pilot at Apollo 11 which operates NASA. 
Peter Stoger is the manager of 1. FC Köln. 
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader. Washington D.C. Ily are an ethnic group of Asian Americans and its capital is Washington DC.
Alfredo Zitarrosa performs Milonga music. 
L'Université 1 Decembrie 1918 n'est in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is a leader. L'université devrait être organised by the Prime Minister of Romania. Il y ha un patron saint do Andrew the Apostle and its capital is Bucharest.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, which was established in 1996, has 100 academic staff. Il dean is Mario Botta. L'accademia si tratta d'Académie of 100 and it was eredited in the year 1996. 
Austria uses the Austrian German and is a language spoken in Austria. 
L- California is located in the U.S.A.
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by the Association of Techsystems, which produces AGM-88 HARM. It is a gestionnaire for the Associazione Travaillent tecnologies, producing AGR ACM-88.
The Olympique Lyonnais's ground is located at the Parc Olimpique Lionnais. 
As AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Amsterdam, where Eberhard van der Laan is a leader. 
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero, l'IATA. 
The escape velocity of 1089 Tama is 0.0068 km per sec., (89 Tama) has a length of 0.0168 kilometres per second, and it has an apocysibilité de 0.068km/s.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the Mayor. It is governed by an Municipality. 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and serves the city of Amsterdam. Its runway name is 06/24 Kaagbaan, it has a length of 2014.0 km long., Located at 3.3328. L'arrivée de St.S. Amstardam in Amsterdam, l'assurer an Aerfort Siphol (il - 3.3528) i gcomparáid ar 3.528.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand. It has a 3rd runway surface type de poaceae, it is elevated 34 metres above sea level and its length is 1411.0., At l'arrivée ar Ardmore in New York, which is situated 35 meters above sae level, hails 1311. Il y n-il o j-
Lenonym for the United States of America, which is longly known as the U.S. A.
New Jersey, where Trenton is the capital. New Jersey's capital is Trentone. 
10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days. 
Agnes Kant, a nationality of the Netherlands, is an Socialist Party (Netherlands) where Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer are leaders. Il s'agissant dei Paesi Bass-Parties in Inghilterra whose colour is red.
Il-Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with Minotaur IV and it was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It is similar to Delta II, which originated in the U.S. A.L.A.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi., Errata (Mississippi) is the birth place of Albenny Jones.
Anaheim, California is a part of Orange County in California. It is led by the United States House of Representatives who are located in the U.S. A.L. Anaheim (part ofOrange County), California; it is governed by Washington DC.
Pietro Grasso is a leader in Italy, where the ground of A.C. Lumezzane was located. 
L'Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, Aleksey Chirikov, a length of 99.83 km/h. It was built in Finland (Finland). L'arrivée dei l'Arctique Helsinki Boatyard f'Helsinki.
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members. 
A.C. Cesena play in Serie B, where Carpi FC 1909 were champions. 
Meyer Werft, l'AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere, whose parent company is Carnival Corporation & plc. It was operated by AIDA Cruises and it was built by Meyer Werfl.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the Korean War and became part of Operation Enduring Freedom.
Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil are the main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce. 
Hypermarcas, a biotechnologie density of 23.8 in Brazil, was founded on 1st January 2001 and produces cosmetic products. It is within the Pharmaceuticals industry. Il y comprise 238.8 millimetrie per l'anno 2001.
L'Alhambra, which was built by Samuda Brothers, is 63800.0 millimetres in length. It has a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes operated by P&O company. Il y designed the Alhambra (wlm 61000.0 mm). L'Albajiatura devrait être owned by Pe & O Company.
Massimo Drago played for S.S. Chieti Calcio and he plays for SC chieti FC. 
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and a number of members. 
Acharya Institute of Technology in Belgaum was given the Technical Campus status by All India Council for Techniques Education, Mumbai. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Bangalore. Il y l'Istituto Acharya had a tentatively attended all-India Council per teicneolaíocht located in Mumbai.
L'Atlantic City International Airport, operated by Port Authority New York and New Jersey, is 23 metres above sea level. It has a runway name of 4/22 and an length of 1873.0. Its ICAO location identifier is KACY.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin, Grand Chute.
Il's Atatürk Monument (Izmir) is made of bronze. 
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which comes from France, United States or China., Baw f'or Christmas Pudding can be found in French, U.S. ou China.
A Wizard of Mars, a hardcover, was written by Diane Duane. It has an OCLC number 318875313 and an ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, Denmark, is affiliated with the European University Association. It was established in 1928; it has 737 academic staff. Il y a student who are 16 000 students. L'école debba téléphoner l'Université Odisseja (Idir-Aarhus) situated in Denemark.
Izmir, Turkey was inaugurated on 27 July 1932. It is located in Izmir (Turquie) which had the inauguration date of 1927-07-27. 
Asser Levy Public Baths which were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 and are located at Asser Letty Place and East 23nd Street. Its reference number is 80002709, it was ajouted to an artillerie '1980-04-23.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on 9  September 1995 in 1995, a member of the Florida Panthers and he plays for football club.
Alan Frew performs rock music, which originated from country music and folk music. It is a genre of Rock music whose stylistic origin originates from Folk music.
AZAL PFK, which is located in Azerbaijan, has their home ground at the AZAL Arena. Is a member of the Turkish Premier League where Qarabag FK are an champions. 
250 Delaware Avenue serves in the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader. Il y includes an ethnic group of White Americans and its language is English.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Batumi. He formerly a member of the club Dinamon Kotami.
Bionico, a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico. Il y compris Bionico; it contains chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is Helipad. It has a key name at the airport.
AmeriGas, a company in the energy industry, is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. , AmeriGas (in the Energy Industry) is part of the city Queen of Perussia-Pennsylvanie.
Alvah Sabin a member of the Whig Party (United States).
Ashgabat International Airport, which is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines, has a runway name 12R/30L and its length is 2989.0. It is 211 metres above sea level. L'arrivée dei l'asganistan - 11R/305L. Il y rachaidh 610 meters long in orbiter 211 km. 
Allen Forrest, a solo singer, performs pop music and plays Pop music.
The Memorial of Baku Turkish Martyrs is made from red granite and white marble. 
Trane, a company founded on 01-01-1913 in La Crosse Wisconsin. Trane has 29,000 impieciens and operated amounts of HVAC. Il y earn 10264000000 per l'exercice; it was foundd on 1st janvier 1913. Its revenue is $10,264,000,000, but its operating income is $875,400,000.
Lockheed Martin - manufactured Atlas II, which was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. L'Atlas II is manufactured by Lockheed Marguer. 
Baymax, a first appearing in film Big Hero 6, was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle. Baymax comes from the film big Hero 6.
In Belgium, where German is one of the languages spoken., The language in Belgium is German.
L'Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Punjab, Pakistan. Il is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. Shehbaz Sharif is a leader in Pakistan; l'arrivée de L-Lahore (Pakistan).
Auburn is part of King County, Washington, in the United States where Washington D.C. is the capital and Auburn can be found.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. It has 476 bed count and its leaders are Ranil Wickremesinghe and Austin Fernando.
A Severed Wasp, a print type, has an OCLC number 8805735, and the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8. It can be found in print; it is l'ebook of Congress Classification PS3528.E55 S4 1982. L'oCLC Number 0338035., Administrated by A Sever Ed wasp (in print). Il potevay obbligatories per PC 3493-584. E55S4 1983, with an ISBN
Atlanta is a country in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. , Atlanta is part of the U.S. E.E. Associazione ethnographique degli Afro-Américains.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where Daniel Martinez is a politician. Il's leader is Daniel Martínez (politician).
L'Alan B. Miller Hall, Virginia, USA, was designed by Robert A M Stern and its current tenants are the Mason School of Business.
Alan Martin, who was born on 1st January 1989, has played for Aldershot Town FC and plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C.
 Vica - the manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense. 
A Long Long Way, followed by The Secret Scripture, was written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain. A Long long Way comes from the English language (whose sequel to Great Gran Bretagna).
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall. 
Akeem Adams played for Ferencvarosi TC, a whose manager is Thomas Doll., Thomas Doll e's manager of Ferencvárosi CT (Tommaso Doll).
The Antares rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It had its maiden flight on 9th January 2014, and it has last air on 09 janvier 2014.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad's club is PAS Tehran F.C. and he played for PAS Taheran FC. 
Adam Koc is a nationality in Poland, where Kashubians are one of the ethnic groups. Adam Koc comes from Poland. Il n-y compris an t-phortacal language polannach.
L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, which was built in Finland, operated by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. It has a 21.2 metres long and is in service.
Aenir has an OCLC number 45644811, a ISBN number 45644531.
Ajoblanco, alternatively known as Ajoblanco is Ajo Blanco.
The protein of Barny Cakes is 1.8g and it contains 1.8 G.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., which has Douglas R Ollerhelmans as an important person. 
HIV - razza Lentivirus. 
Ícolo e Bengo is a part of Angola, where it is situated in Ícolo-e Beno., L'Angola International Airport can be found in Icolo (Ebnero).
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is a leader. Il's ethnic group is Black Canadians and its anthem is O Canada.
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. It was published by Cornell University, which is in affiliation with an association of public and agrae's Administrative Science Quarterly. 
Albert Jennings Fountain, who served in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President, and died in New Mexico Territory.
Ajoblanco's main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil. 
HOK SVE - architect 3Arena, which was completed in December 2008, is located in Dublin, Dublin. 
Buzz Aldrin, a retired in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20th January 1930. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Sc.D. in 1963. In 1963, he became selected by NASA per an Apollo 11.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez's club is A.D. Isidro Metapan and he plays for AS IDRO Metapán. 
A.S. Livorno Calcio is manager of Christian Panucci, who plays for the Italy national football team. 
The AIDAstella, a length of 253260.0 millimetres, was christened on March 16th 2013, and it is 25260.0 mm long. 
The Alhambra a had its maiden voyage on 7th July 1855. 
L'Appleton International Airport, which serves Appleton, Wisconsin, is 280 metres above sea level. Il y includes 3/21 and has a runway length of 2439.0. L'arrivée dei appleton in Greenville (Wingill), Wisconsin. Le l'Aerfort international Appletone s'est 290 meters long. La n-officier it is operated by Appletin, Illinois. It
Aaron S. Daggett, a married to Maine, fought in the American Civil War and was awarded the Purple Heart and died in West Roxbury.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines, where Chinese Filipino are an ethnic group. 
Alan Bean a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA, where David Scott commanded. Alan Bean fought in l'Apollo 12 and had Alfred Worden as backup pilot. 
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0., Aarhus airport has a raggio de 272.0 meters long and it's 2652.0.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level. 
Beef kway teow, a food found nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia. It is where the main ingredients are: Kway Teow; beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shreed, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, orsoyster sesame oil. 
Hypermarcas, which is located in Brazil, manufactured drugs., In Brasil, Hypermarcais produced drogues.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, which has 17000 members, is the full name of Agremiação Sicarioque. It has 17 000 members and it's totally known as Agremiacao Sequestra Quezonse.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst. He died in Austria, where Doris Bures is a leader.
Roland Desmond is a comic book character Blockbuster, which was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle.
101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days. 
Attica, Indiana is a part of Indiana, in the United States. , Attica (in Indiana) originates from the U.S.
Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in California, is located in Peoria, Illinois. It has a power type of AIDAluna. 
GMA New Media is a media company. 
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. William M. O Dawson succeeded Albert B. White, whose married Agnes Ward white, b'w-agressed at Bloomington (Maryland).
Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000 in India. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar, and it has its director as Dr J.P.
Albuquerque, New Mexico - in the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. Il y includes an ethnic group of Native Americans and became part of the U.S.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis.
Albennie Jones, a solo singer, was born in Errata,Mississippi. He performs jazz music and his background is solo singing.
Arrabbiata sórt arrabbiata is a sauce in Rome, Italy. Il contiene garlic as an ingredient.
Robert Gates is a chancellor of the College of William & Mary, Virginia. Alan B. Miller Hall in Virginia; l'appartenant al-Alan B Miller Hall was owned by The College de William and Mary whose Chancellor is RobertGates. 
