Alfredo Zitarrosa performs Milonga music. 
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Township, Madison County, in Indiana, U.S. In the United States, has Indianapolis as its capital.
Dodge Dodge, manufactured by Chrysler. It has a 3-speed automatic transmission and is 120.0 (centimetres) f'un moteur V8; it can be transported via 3 speed automatic. 
John Clancy is a Labour politician. John Madin was born in Birmingham, where they are leaders and has an postcode area postal code B.
L'Ariane 5 a launch site of ELA-3 is located at the Guiana Space Centre, which has its headquarters in Kourou, French Guana. It was operated by Ariane 5.
Julia Morgan, a San Francisco, was born in san Francisco. She designed important buildings at Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. Julia Morgan is l'architecte degli Afonsomar State Beach (San Francisco).
250 Delaware Avenue, Buffalo, New York. It was constructed in janvier 2014 and cost 110 million dollars per a total area of 30843.8 square metres; it has 12 floors.
Arrabbiata s'arrabbiata is a sauce in Rome, Italy. It includes garlic and it comes from the region of Rome. 
Alhambra, which was launched on 31 May 1855, had a 8.3 m long ship beam and fought on an 31st May 1850. 
Poaceae, which is part of the order Poales, has a 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) surfaced by poaceae. 
 Nikos Voutsis is a leader in Greece, where the leader of which is Nikolas Poutsis. 
Andrew Rayel, whose genre is Trance, which has its stylistic origins in Pop music, was associated with Bobina and Christian Burns.
AIDAluna, owned by AIDA Cruises, is powered by the Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in Illinois, United States. Douglas R Oberhelman as a key person on l'U.S. E.C. Desided from Adelaide Inc.
109 Felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000,0., (109 Felipes) hails païso 2883528000000.
Anders Osborne, a rock musician, is associated with Tab Benoit and Galactic band. Anders Osborn plays Rock music. He has Billy Iuso and TabBenoit.
Lancia Thema is l'Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy. It has a Saab 9000 and an t-all-four engine.
Aaron Deer is a solo singer whose genre is Indie rock. He originated Indiana in the United States, where he plays indie rock and Wee Giant.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo. Adenan Satem is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and lives in Kuching. He was succeeded by Abhen Satema. 
L-Aviation Forces U.S.F. operate Al Asad airbase, operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Invasion of Grenada and an Korean War. L-Opération Lockheed C-130 Hercules is l-Operating organisation for fl-Afghanistan F.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., has an ISSN number 1588-2632 and an LCCN number 83645315., LCCN Number 86463315, Acte Mathematics Humc. It's bbreviation of Actas Math.
1089 Tama, formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB;, has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 and its orbital period is 1202.846 days. It had an apoapsis of 373513000.0 (kilometres).
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, where Anandiben Patel is the leader. Amdavad Ni GUFA is situated in Jaduna.
Lenol is a member of the Rosids order. 
Andrew Rayel, a member of Mark Sixma, is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn. Andrew Rayell belonged to Mark sixma and he became part of the band (Oliver Syam).
Chinabank, a type of public company, was founded on 16 August 1920 in Manila. It has 295 locations and its net income is 15,100,000,000.,  Chinabank (founded 08-16-1920) operates commençant l'imprenditoria; it had 295 locomotives, but an revenue net density is 15100000000.
101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days. 
Alfred Garth Jones, a United Kingdom, was born in Manchester, Manchester. He died in London.
Adisham Hall, a St. Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka, it was completed in 1927. It is designed by Tudor and Jacabian. Il y commenced in 1931., Addisham Hall (led by St-Benedict’s monastery) Adjisham; Haputahale/Sri Lanka devait être achevé en 1927.
The ALCO RS-3 has a four-stroke engine and is operated by. 
Anders Osborne, a Rhythm and blues musician, became active in 1989. He is associated with Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. A member of the band Voice of The Wetlands All-Stars.
103 Hera, which has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 km. It has the escape velocity of 0.0482 km per sec and its temperatura is 170,0 Kelvins. 
Adam Koc fought in World War I and was awarded the Officer's Star Parasol. Adam Koc became involved in battles in WWI, but died at parasol as l'agent.
Albany, Georgia is led by the Mayor. It is a leader of Albany in Georgia. 
Albany, Georgia - part of the U.S. A.R.A. is a country where Americans are an ethnic group and one of its leaders is President.
Asam pedas s'est found in Malaysia, where the capital is Kuala Lumpur. Asam Pedas comes from the Malay Peninsula. In Malaysia there are an ethnic group of Malaysian Chinese and Indonesian Indian.
Inuktitut is a language of Canada where they speak. 
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company on May 1950-August 1956. It is 17068.8 millimetres long, it has 12 cylindres and a V12 engine.
Gruppo Bertone, Turin, Italy, ha progettato Abarth 1000 GT Coupé. It was founded in Torino,איטליה. 
Anderson is part of Union Township, Madison County, Indiana, in the United States. It is a member of the U.S.
A.S. Roma's ground is Rome, Italy and play in Serie A.
L'Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States. It is part of Manhattan.
1099 Figneria, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, has a mass of 2.7 kg. Its orbital period is 179942000.0 and its periapsis is 349206000000.0.
Andrew Rayel, a member of Bobina, is associated with Armin Van Buuren, Bobine, Mark Sixma,Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano,Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose; Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, and Alexandra Badoi. He became attached to the band Afro-Bandoi (Armin vanBuuren), Bobmina, Marc Six
Alfons Gorbach, aménagé in Austria, was in office while Adolf Schärf was president. 
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon, in the United States. Washington D.C. - La capitale degli Stati Uniti, where English is one of the languages and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is located in India, India. Its motto is Nurturing Excellence.
Antonis Samaras a successor was Konstantinos Mitsotakis.,  Antonis Samarais, succeeded by Konstantinosis Mitsiotakidis.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987, is located in Pacific Grove, California. It was aggiunto al March 27th 1987 a Statut historique de 1987/27. 
GMA New Media is a media company. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, Brazil. Il y competed in 2015. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are a champions of this club. 
Dr G. P. Prabhukumar is a director of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Soldevanahalli (Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road), Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per sq km. It has an area total area of 74.33 square kilometres.
Binignit contains sweet potato and banana. Binignit is a food found in the Philippines, where one of the main ingredients is banana.
In Japan, there are an ethnic group of  Brazils and the Brasilians. 
Led by Aston Martin V8, which was assembled in the United Kingdom; Elizabeth II is a leader of the U.K.A.w. Ldr-ldR and DBS are related types of transport.
N.R. Pogson, Nottingham, discovered 107 Camilla on March 1st 2001 and died in Chennai. , N. R. Pggson (Nottingham) was born 01/03/ 2001. L.L.C. J.P.J.O. O.Y.E.
Ayam penyet serves hot and is a temperature of hot. 
Lars Løkke Rasmussen is a leader in Denmark, where Lars Lokke רוג'sen. It was established in 1928 and it has 737 academic staff. Is affiliated with the European University Association.
L'Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom, where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders. The AIDS journal can be found in the U.K. whose capital is London.
Adam Holloway, born in Faversham Kent, England, fought in the Gulf War. Colpowell and Colin Powell was a commander in Grenadier Guards. 
A Severed Wasp, a print and is available in print. It has the OCLC number 8805735, it has l'ebook of Congress Classification PS3528.E55 S4 1982.
 Jacob Bundsgaard is a leader in Aarhus, which is part of the leader. 
Arabic is a language spoken in the Philippines, where they speak Arabic. 
Aaron Bertram, a member of the Kids Imagine Nation, is associated with the Suburban Legends band and plays under the band Kids Immagini Nation.
11 Diagonal Street a completion date of 1983. It was completed in 1983.
In Italy, where Italians are known as italians. 
AFC Ajax, which has 53502 members, is owned by AFC A.V. and a total area of 535202 members. 
At serves the city of Athens, a runway length of 3800.0. It is 38000.0 long. 
Abradab performs hip hop music where Gangsta rap is a sub genre. Drum and bass are derivatives of Hip Hop music, which originated from gangsta Rap.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957 and died 21 July 1998 in California.
Audi, a division of Audi e-tron and Ducati, was founded by August Horch. A1 is manufacturd by Audi.
Bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT in the U.K.A., where Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, an rasher Sandwich, bco sanger, piece 'n-bacon, bocon cob, macon barm, or ban muffin. It comes from the United Kingdom.
Abel Caballero, a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, was born in Ponteareas, Spain. He worked as Minister of Transport and became Governor de Transport.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party. Simultane sarawak and became part of Buharira`ayat jatiSarawak Party.
Adam Koc fought in World War I e was awarded the Virtuti Militari. Adam Koc became part of WWI, but he had won the virtuti militarii.
Aaron Turner a genre of avant-garde metal. 
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Japan. It is situated in the Jōda-Pháirgée de Ikita (JP).
Adam Koc a became awarded the Cross of Valour (Poland).  Adam Koc fought in Poland as well as an Scr.
Il-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with Minotaur IV and it was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It is similar to Delta II, which originates in the U.S. A.L.A. Il-missile Antares comes from an Atlantic region of spaceport Lanca 0 (l-I). L-enginer antares originated from United States.
Andrew Rayel, a member of Jwaydan Moyine, is associated with Armin van Buuren. He performs house music and plays House music.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, where Diego Santilli is a leader. 
At Austin is the capital of Texas, where Andrews County Airport is located. It has Houston as its largest city.
Allen Forrest, a solo singer, was born in Fort Campbell, KY, and raised in Dothan, AL. He performs acoustic music.
Len, a t-agglom dei Cirus, is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa. Ileny compris alenny; it is usually grâce ar Chrétiens. 
The Audi A1, which was manufactured by Audi, is a related means of transport to the SEAT Ibiza.
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres. 
Agnes Kant, a nationality of the Netherlands, is istituite le House of Representatives in Inghilterra. Margu Rutte and Emile Roemer are leaders du Socialist Party (Netherlands).
The South Jersey Transportation Authority has Stephen Dilts as its Chief. 
Abel Caballero, a fought in Spain, became in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Monarch. Juan Carlos I of Spain; Francisco Franco preceded Francis Franco.
B.M. Reddy is a president of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India. It is led by b.m. reddy. 
L'Université 1 Decembrie 1918 is located in Romania, where the Premier Minister Klaus Iohannis and its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle. Il y compris le Germans of Romania whose capital is Bucharest.
Mauricio Macri is a leader in Argentina, where ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) comes from. It has the capital city of Buenos Aires and its leader is MauricioMacri. 
A Long Long Way, a sequel to Annie Dunne, is published by Faber and Fabers. It was followed by The Secret Scripture which was written in Ireland. L'Irlande has an ethnic group of White people. 
Airey Neave, aménagé in Knightsbridge, fought in World War II. He began his career on 30th June 1953 and became active on March 30, 1979.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Artur Rashizade. 
Binignit s'il is a dessert in Visayas, Philippines. Il contient degli ingredienti sweet potato and banana. Binignit comes from the region of Visayaas (Philippines).
A.C. Cesena, which has 23900 members, fought in Serie B and their ground is located in Cesene.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where it is situated.
Massimo Drago played for S.S.D. Potenza Calcio, but he is manager of A.C. Cesena. He plays for FC Catania and are managed by MAGGIO Drago. 
J. P McManus is owned by Adare Manor, which was completed in 1862 and had James Pain as its architect.
Albany, Oregon is a part of Oregon, in the United States. Washington D.C. Ils are an ethnic group from the U.S. where English is the language and its capital is Washington DC.
Ampara Hospital is a district of Ampara in Sri Lanka, Sri Lanca. It has 476 bed counts.
Adare Manor was completed in 1700 and it had a construction of 1700. 
L'Atlantic City International Airport, operated by Port Authority New York and New Jersey, is 23 metres above sea level. It has a runway name of 4/22 and an length of 1873.0. Its ICAO location identifier is KACY.
Gangsta rap is a sub genre of Hip Hop music. 
Alan Bean a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA. David Scott was the commander on Apollo 12, where Alan Bean fought. 
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi. 
Joe Biden is a leader of the United States, where Joe Buiden leads. 
L'Universitas Apulensis is a latin name of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Romania, where Andrew The Apostle and Andrew the Apostolle are patron saints. 
Ajoblanco, a bread, almonds, garlic, water, oil and olive oil. Ajoblanco comes from Andalusia in Spain. It is also known as Ajo Blanco. Il y includes Bread, algues, granturc, pesce, hydrum, etc.
Anders Osborne was signed to Shanachie Records and is recorded by Shani Records.
Alvah Sabin a member of the Whig Party (United States) which is led by Daniel Webster. He passed away in Sycamore, Illinois. Il y fought in Vermont, where Burlington is an largest city.
FC Tom Tomsk является частью ФК Памятник Чемпионата Италии по футболу.
Auburn, Washington is a part of King County in Washington, U.S. In the United States, Auburn has Seattle as its largest city and Olympia.
L'Asser Levy Public Baths, which were constructed in 1904, are located on 23rd Street (Manhattan).
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans. It was télécharged in Great Britain and it has an language spoken in English.
L'Allemagne is a language spoken in Belgium, where the German language is one of the languages. 
Albert Jennings Fountain, a member of the New Mexico Territory, was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President. He died in New mexica.
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra, Malaysia. Minangkabau and Indonesian Malay are an ethnic group of Malaysia.
The Aston Martin V8, which is a related means of transport, was succeeded by L.A.RHAM/1 and it has as its successor Al.M. Virage. 
Andra, a solo singer, is sfrened pop music. Andra's genre is Pop music and its background is solo singer. 
 1097 Vicia, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, has a mass of 9.8 kg. Its orbital period is 135589000.0 and its periapsis is 279142000000.0.
Angola, Indiana is a part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County in Indiana, United States. It has 16.55 square kilometres and its total area is 16,55 sq km.
Georgia (U.S.) is a country in the United States. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has an ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9. It can be found in Hardcover., Led by Alcatraz Versu's Labyrinth, Inc. (wd: 1-439-925500-9) may be produced in bhardcover.
Avocado is a member of the genus Persea.
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kgs.,  101 (Helena) hails 3 kilograms.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and fought in the Topklasse 2014-15. It is a member of 5 000 members. 
Bacon Explosion s'inscrit in matière de main course. Bacon is an ingredient of bacon and it is part of the Main course.
Aaron Turner started performing in 1995. He is a post-metal musician, he was associated with Twilight and Lotus Eaters band.
Albert Jennings Fountain, Staten Island, New York, died in Doña Ana County (New Mexico), United States.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé commenced production in 1958. 
1/19 is the runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport, which has a number of 1/19. 
Roy D. Chapin Jr, a key person in the American Motors manufactured AMC Matador. It was succeeded by Eagle (automobile).
The AIDAstella, a length of 253260.0 millimetres, was christened on March 16th 2013, and it is 25260.0 mm long. 
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California, where they were foundd., The Caterpillar Co. (founded at California) is derived from California.
AZAL PFK, where AZAL Arena is located in Shuvalan, has a ground at the ASAZ Arena. 
A Long Long Way, which was followed by The Secret Scripture, is published by Faber and Fabers. In Ireland, in Europe, there are an ethnic group of White people. 
Batagor, a peanut sauce in Indonesia. Il y compris siomay is l'ingredient of Batagor and it includes Peanut Sórt. It contains the main ingredients: an fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in panut sausage.
Akeem Ayers formerly played for St Louis Rams and a draft pick of 39. He fought in the 3rd round, o 2nd round.
Abraham A. Ribicoff a successor was Anthony J Celebrezze., Anthony J Cattolizze is succeeded by Abraham A.
Mae'r Poland is where Kashubian is the language.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of Peñarol. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages, an ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9., The book Alcatraz Versu'l Libraryans is 320 page and it has a ISBN Number: 0-939-92550-9.
AZAL PFK's ground is AZAL Arena, y play in the Azerbaijan Premier League where Qarabag FK are champions. 
Andrew Rayel, a member of Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns, plays house music. He is associated with Andrew Rayell whose musical genre is House.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is classed as a executive car. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr. played for Florida Panthers and he plays for the football club.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Batumi. He formerly a member of the club Dinamon Kotami.
Austin, Texas is a destination in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. A part of this country, there are americans and an ethno group called Afro-Americans. 
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmor Row., 107 Col more Row, which is situated at Coldor Row.
(410777) 2009 FD has a minimum temperature of 211.0 kelvins. It has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres, it has its minimum temperatura of 21.0 Kelvins.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom. It has a 5.3 litres and an related means of transportation to the Dean Martin RHAM/1.
The OCLC number of Addiction (journal) is 37357194., Addiction Journal has the OACL number 27449200. It has an ISBN number 287297000.
L'Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which was founded in Coventry. It was succeeded by The Rover Company. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico - in the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. Il y includes an ethnic group of Native Americans and became part of the U.S.
Above the Veil is available in hardcover. 
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, nicknamed Asa Gigante, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions. 
Led by Mondelez International, which was founded in Chicago, France. Barny Cakes were created by Marchel International (led by Gérard Larcher).
Il-S. Gubbio 1910 s'inscrit in Italy, where Pietro Grasso is a leader and the capital city is Rome. Il-home ground of A.S.
B postcode area - B postal code, Birmingham. 
The AIDAluna began his career on 22nd March 2009., Aidaluna became active period on 23rd March 2009, and it fought in the 21nd April 2009.
Mmmicelli is an ingredient in Bakso, which includes vermicelli. 
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina. He died in Buenos Aires, which has Horacio Rodríguez Larreta as its governing body for the City Legislature de la Buonais Aires. Il y compris l'Argentine where Spanish is one of the languages.
 Juan Peron a member of the Labour Party in Argentina. 
A Severed Wasp, a print type, has 388 pages. It has an ISBN number 0-374-26131-8 and is available in print. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died 28 February 1966 in St Louis.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville, a part of battles. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the U.S.T.A. and died in St Louis.
1036 Ganymed has a temperature of 160.0 kelvins. 
Baked Alaska comes from China, where Standard Chinese is one of the languages spoken., Sain China (Standard Chinese) can be found in Baked AAlaska.
Aaron Turner, whose genre is Drone music, performs drone music. He was a member of Twilight band and Greymachine.
Bionico - un dessert. Bionico comes from Mexico, where Enrique Peña Nieto is a leader and Spanish is the language of Mexico. Il y compris Honey as an ingredient in bionico.
Alan Frew is a member of Glass Tiger and plays for the band Glass Tigre. 
Meyer Werft, l'AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere whose parent company is Carnival Corporation & plc. It was built by Meyer Wirft and operated by AIDA Cruises.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is a politician. Elizabeth II is the leader of which, whose leaders are:Elizabeth II. 
250 Delaware Avenue serves in the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader. Il y includes an ethnic group of White Americans and its language is English.
AIDAstella, owned by Costa Crociere, is operated by AIDA Cruises in Germany. It is located in Germania and operates it as well as l'Operating operator of the Aida Cruise Line. 
Cleveland is a part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. It is governed by the Cleveland City Council and it has 200 Public Square. 
Antioch, California's 11th State Assembly District is the leader of Antioch. 
Atlantic City International Airport, operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, is 23 metres above sea level. It has a runway name 4/22 and an length of 3048.0.
GMA New Media, which is located in Quezon City, Philippines, operates le mass media. Ils are l'intermédiaires de masse media a peuvent être téléchargées dans quezon city. 
A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members and a number of members. 
Austin, Texas a total area of 703.95 square kilometres, has l'area di land 686.0 sq km., The city of Austin (Texas) includes 696.0 square kilometers, and it has an area de land 733.95 Sq km.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is a politician. Akeeem PETERLEY's place of birth is Patrick Alan. 
English is a language spoken in the Republic of Ireland. 
Aaron Turner performs black metal music. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on 9 September 1995 in 1995, a member of the Florida Panthers and he is attached to football club.
Abel Hernandez, whose club is Peñarol, plays for U.S. Città di Palermo and poliziarol. 
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire. He served as a test pilot and operated by NASA.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the U.S.T.A. and competed in Big 12 Conference.
The AIDAstella, a owned by Costa Crociere, was built by Meyer Werft. It is 253260.0 millimetres long and it has an beam of 32.2 m.
 Josef Klaus graduated from the University of Vienna and attended l'Université di Vienna. 
Hypermarcas, a São Paulo, is located in Sao Paulo. It has 10252 impieciens and an revenue of 1800000000.
Anders Osborne, a rock musician, was signed to Alligator Records and Awh Records. He is associated with Adaj Records in orbital Rock.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois and it is situated in peoria Illinois. 
Abilene, Texas - part of Texas. Il y serves the city of Abilenne in Texas and is l'aerroport regional ad hoc.
Agnes Kant, who was born in Hessisch Oldendorf, graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen and worked at the House of Representatives (Netherlands).
Alex Tyus, a member of Pallacanestro Cantu, was born on 8th January 1988. He played football for Pallaconestro Cottu., Born on the 1st October 1988, Alex Tyux (born on Jan 8, 1988).
1. FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season. 
James Craig Watson, whose state of origins in Canada, discovered 103 Hera., J'w'y founder James Craig (Watson) is from Canada and was originally part of Canada.
N.R. Pogson discovered 107 Camilla., L'enquêteur dei (107) Camille - N. R.Poggson.
Buzz Aldrin, a Glen Ridge, New Jersey, was born in Glen- Ridge. He spent 52.0 minutes in space and became part of Apollo 11.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister, Konstantinos Mitsotakis., Antonis Samara's governed during the reign of Prim Minister Antonius Samares, Aleksandr Miensotaksis.
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy, where A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground was located. Ily are called Italians and the leaders include Sergio Matarella. 
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the community of Madrid. 
Marv Wolfman a was awarded Eagle Award (comics). 
Arròs negre, a t-ingredient is saquid, comes from Spain in Spain. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis.
 Patrick McLoughlin is a leader of Derbyshire Dales, which is led by Patrick Mcoughlins. 
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka, where Arabian Sea is to its west.
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000.0 and l'yphtalmologia totale $ 377026000000,0. 
Arròs negre is a food found in the region of the Valencian Community, where Ximo Puig and Felipe VI are leaders. Arròs Negre originates from Spain. Il y compris Spanjaards; l'Illino Général Episcopal Espagnol (Felipe V).
Atiku Abubakar, a vice-president Mike Akhigbe, was in office while Oladipo Diya is the predecessor and AtikuAbubakar succeeded Abdulsalami Abubaka.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, where the capital city is Salem. Il y are an ethnic group in the U.S. African Americans and Albany (in Oregon).
L'Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level, operated by the Sciphol Group. L'arrivée degli aerroports Siphol - 3.3528 and it has an elevation of 33528.
GMA New Media produces a World Wide Web.  The GMA new media produced their web sites in the mondo Wide internet.
Chinabank, a public company, was founded in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands.,  Chinabank originates from the insular Gouvernement pénitencier des Philippines.
Alan Frew performs rock music, which originated from blues and folk music. Bhangra is a fusion genre of Rock music but it has its stylistic origins in the Blues and Folk music.
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of the New Democracy (Greece) which has blue as its colour and was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister. Konstantinos Mitsotakis is succeeded by Adonis Gérard's Party.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, a Gruppo Bertone, is manufactured by Abarth. It was designed by Gruppu Bertoni and they are made by Association. 
Sara Miller McCune e'r founder Administrative Science Quarterly, which is abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q. It was published by SAGE Publications. 
 1097 Vicia, a epoch date 31 December 2006, has periapsis 279142000000,0 and apoapsis 511592000.0 (kilometres).
A.S. Roma played in Serie A 2014-15 / 2015.
Andrews, Texas serves the city of Andrews., At served by an aerfort County Aetroport Township Andrew's in Texas.
Dan Mishkin created Bolt, commençant Ernie Colon and Darini Colón. It is also known as Larry Bolatinsky. 
Baked Alaska is a food found in Paris, New York or Hong Kong, United States. Il's main ingredients are meringue, ice cream and sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It has Franklin County to its west and Frederick County (Maryland) to the southeast.
Il-dean della Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland, is Mario Botta. It has 600 students. 
A.S. Livorno Calcio is manager of Christian Panucci, who plays for Genoa C.F.C. and Real Madrid FC. 
Drew Caldwell is a leader of Brandon, Manitoba.  Il-l-L-il-le-de-d'Brandon (Manitoba), y compris Drew Calwell.
Albert Uderzo created Asterix, a comic character, René Goscinny and Albert UDerzo. 
The LCCN number is 57059226.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hilario Pérez. 
Lerney Airport, Alderney, has a 1st runway surface type poaceae. It has an length of 877.0 long and it is made from Poaceae.
Albany, Georgia is a part of the state of Georgia in the U.S. In which English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital. Ils include an ethnic group of Asian Americans and bacon Explosion.
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen and plays for VfL Wolfsburg. He is a member of the Goslarer SC 08 youth team, y formerly l'avversarial FC 08.
Ajoblanco's main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil., The main ingredient of Ajoblanco is Bread, Almonds (charlic), water and olive ola.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines, where Chinese Filipino are an ethnic group. 
Bandeja paisa, a food found in the Antioquia Department of Colombia, comes from Colombian cuisine. Bandeja paisa is an ingredient in kidney bean.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, in Indiana, United States where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Stuart Parker, whose manager is A.F.C. Blackpool, played football for Drogheda United FC and Stockport County FC.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is associated with Ciro Pérez and Hector Numa Moraes. He plays Zamba (art form) RCA Records. Il's background is singer solitario. It was signed to CR Records and he has l'hauteur dei musical artist Horamount Caru Prorez.
Stuart Parker, who played for Drogheda United FC and Runcorn F.C. Halton, is a manager of A.F. C. Blackpool. It has been managed by Logan Parker (footballer), but he also plays for runcorn f.c.Halton. 
Denmark's capital is Copenhagen. It is the capital of Copenhagen.
Aaron Bertram, whose genre is Ska punk, has its stylistic origins in Punk rock. He was a member of the Kids Imagine Nation and plays for Suburban Legends. Brian Robertson (trombonist).
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. (corporation) is in the pharmaceuticals industry and it was founded on 1st January 2001; its key person is CEO.
Adisham Hall, architectural style of Tudor Revival, is located in Sri Lanka. It was completed in 1927 and it had its construction date in 1931.
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by the Association of Techsystems., L'Associazione Technological Technology Systems is the manufacturier for UAB X-1.
Alberto Teisaire, a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy, was born on May 5th 1891, Mendoza, Argentina. He worked as Deputy Provisional President of the Senate Argentini. Isaac Rojas is successor. 
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House, which was constructed in 1911, is located on U.S. Route 83. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand. It has a 3rd runway surface type de poaceae, it is 34 metres above sea level and its length is 1411.0.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., is in the academic discipline of maths and it has an ISSN number 0236-5294., L'Accademia  matematica Hungary (abbrv. Acte Math.
Ace Wilder performs hip hop music, which originated from disco and has its stylistic origins in disco. 
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Ohio in the U.S. A.R.A.
Alan Shepard, who retired on 1st August 1974, became a crew member of Apollo 14 and was part of the Apollo 14.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico, a dessert. Il y includes granola and Granola. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre and it has an area name of 486.2 sq km. Its area code is 505, 575 and its total area is 490.9 (square kilometres).
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, which has a ground in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions. 
Bhajji, a biggest ingredients are gram flour and vegetables. Bhajji comes from India in India. It is also known as Bhaji, bajji.
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen II, whose manager is Viktor Skrypnyk. He formerly a member of the Bundesliga League and he plays in both SV Wirder Breen.
Led by Gale Brewer, New York City in Manhattan, U.S. Ildistingue dagli Asser Levy Public Baths f'New York (part of Manhattan), United States.
William Anders, who was a crew member of Apollo 8 where Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin were an backup pilot. William Anders retired on 1st September 1969.
Alex Day, a solo singer, performs Synthpop. It has its stylistic origins in pop music and derived from house music.
Abner W. Sibal, a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District, was born in Ridgewood, Queens. He worked as an Republican Party (United States), whose successor was Donald J Irwin.
Adisham Hall - Haputale, Sri Lanka. Il's capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and its currency is the shri Lankan rupee.
Akeem Dent was born on 27 July 1987 in 1987. 
Angola, Indiana is a part of Steuben County in Indiana, United States, where Americans are an ethnic group. It is led by the President.
The Barny Cakes have 1.8 g protein and an protein of 1.8g. 
Lar Laura Boldrini is a leader in Italy, where Amatriciana sauce can be found. Il's capital is Rome and its language is Italian.
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Newmarket, Ontario, Canada. He is a solo singer and became musician whose origins are newmarket (Ontario).
Julius Springer, founded by Julius. It is the publisher of Acta Mathematica Hungarica which was published by Harvard Science+Business Media. 
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas, Dallas. He deceased.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci, who plays for the Italy national football team. 
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada., Canada is the birth place of Aaron Bugaard.
AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises, located in Rostock and operates it. 
250 Delaware Avenue, which was constructed in janvier 2014, has 12 floors. It is architectural style of postmodern architecture and it had 12.
Binignit s'inscrit in the Visayas region. 
At AEK Athens F.C., whose ground is in Athens, play in the Superleague Greece and has 69618 members. 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, which has Washington DC as its capital. Paul Ryan leads an President of the U.S. A.d. J.L.C.
Baymax played in the film Big Hero 6.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C 2015 during 2015.
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India. It has 250 academic staff and to its northeast is Mahe (Indian), where the Ganges are an rivers.
Akeem Dent formerly played for the Houston Texans, which is owned by Bob McNair. He made his debut for Atlanta Falcons who are based in Atlanta.
1101 Clematis has a periapsis of 445895000000.0., The peripsise of 1101 Claatisis is 445585000000,0. 
Aleksandra Kovac, a solo singer, was born in 1972. Aleksandra Kovač's genre is pop music and became active in the Socialist Republic of Serbia.
ENAIRE, l'aeroporto Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas is located in Alcobendas, Madrid, Spain. ENAIRE operates an IATA de Madrid en Madrid. 
Buzz Aldrin, a US national, was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He is an American whose nationality is the United States. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa's record label is Movieplay and has been signed to filmplay. 
(66391) 1999 KW4, a density of 2.0 g per cubic centimeter, has an epoch date 14th July 2004. Its orbital period is 16244700.0 and its apoapsis was 162164091.8388 (kilometres).
Alan Martin played football for Accrington Stanley F.C. and he plays for ACrington St. C.
Vegetables are an ingredient in Batchoy, which is a preparation of beef. 
Albert B. White, a married Agnes Ward White; was born in Bloomington (Maryland), Marietta, U.O. and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. William M. O. Dawson succeeded Albert J.B.White, b'w-pháirt Marytta,Ohio.
Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000. It is a sport offered to tennis, which is governed by the International Tennis Federation.
The Dead Man's Plack, dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia, is made from rock (geology).
AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, United States. It has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres and its time zone is North American Eastern Time Zone.
Marv Wolfman created Auron (comics character) auron. 
Austin, Texas is located in the United States, where Austin is led by the City Manager.
Bananaman, broadcast by STV, was first aired on 3rd October 1983. Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman, whose first Ariad on 03/03/1983. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice originates from the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are African Americans. It is a food found in Great Britain and it can also be heard in English. 
Andra, a solo singer, was born in 1986 in Câmpia Turzii. She is an rhythm and blues musician whose genre is Rhythm and Blues.
Buzz Aldrin, a US national who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 at Sc.D. In 1963, became an American fighter pilot and fought on Apollo 11.
Amarillo, Texas is a part of the United States., The country Amarillo (Texas) hails in the U.S.
Port Fortin is located in Trinidad, a country where they can be found. 
Andrew the Apostle is a patron saint in Romania, where Andrew the Apostolle. 
Noodles are an ingredient in Bakso, which contains Noodles. 
René Goscinny created Asterix (comics character) a.
The Battle of Fredericksburg was part of the American Civil War conflict.  Feignit f'un conflit militaire concernant la Bataille of FEDERFCsburg.
Agnes Kant, a nationality of the Netherlands, whose leader is Mark Rutte, worked in the House of Representatives (Netherlands).
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., The Acte Matamaitica Hungaria (abbrv. It's Abbreviation of Act A Math.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is located in Argentina. It has a length of 192000.0 millimetres, and it is 185000.0 mm long., L'Argentina is the location of ARA V-2, which has an longueur of 193000.0millimetres.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He won the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Méd and died in California.
Mae's Baked Alaska, which is a food found in New York, France. Meringue is an ingredient in baked aljace and it comes from France.
Ab Klink, a nationality in Stellendam, was born in Schardam. He represented the Christian Democratic Appeal and is part of the Netherlands where Mark Rutte is leader.
Eric Flint scrisse 1634: The Bavarian Crisis. 
Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark, where Lars Lokke Rasussen leads. 
Aleksandra Kovac, a solo singer, was born in Belgrade in 1972. He performs rhythm and blues music., Rhythm and Blues artist Aleksandra Kovač (b'y b'i) began en 1972 con un solo singer.
L'Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. It has a runway length of 4000.0.
1099 Figneria, a temperature of 156.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 km. Its escape velocity is 0.0155 km per sec and it's elevated 0,0155 kilometres per second., The celestial body known as 1099 FCFeria (which hails 155 Kelvins) had its apoabsis $605718000 km.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where the legislature is National Assembly. Is é an t-arlaimint de chuid na Náisiún Aontais maidir le turasóireachta turchirs' Memorial in Azerbaïdjan (capital: Baku).
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is a leader. Il's ethnic group are Black Canadians and whose anthem is O Canada.
Lenonym for the United States of America, which is longly known as the U.S. A.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where Boris Johnson and Elizabeth II are leaders. It is led by London whose capital is London.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader. Washington D.C. and English is one of the languages spoken in the U.S. J.Biden are an ethnic group on Asian Americans. 
Hypermarcas, which has 102252 employees, has a net income of 108,600,000. It has an revenue of 1800000000, $108,100,000, $ and 10252 employs. 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is leader. Il's leader of the U.S. E.A.
Richard A. Teague, a General Motors, employed by the general Motors and was designer of the AMC Matador. 
Trane, which was founded on 1st January 1913 in La Crosse Wisconsin. Trane has 29,000 impieciens a revenue de 10264000000, and an operating income of $875,400,000., Tonae (founded 01-01-1913 in LACrosse), Wisconsin; employs 29000 emplois et y hails 25 000 employees. L'infraid it is $10,264,000,000, un 
Aaron Bertram started active in 1998. , He commenced actively in the year 1998.
Alvah Sabin was born on 23rd October, 1793 in Georgia, Vermont. He worked as a Secretary of State ofVermont.
Robert A M Stern - architect of Alan B Miller Hall, a tenant dei Mason School of Business., L'Alan B. Miller hall is owned by Robert A m Stern and was designed by Richard A.M Stern.
Peter Stoger is the manager of 1. FC Köln where Peter Stogere is a manager. 
Atlantic County, New Jersey is located in the United States. , Atlantic County (New Jersey) comes from the U.S.A.
Chinabank, which was founded on August 16th 1920, has 5594 employs. It has a net income of 15100000000 and 295 branches.
A Severed Wasp, a hardcover, has 388 pages. It has an OCLC number 8805735 and an ISBN number of 0-374-26131-8., Jurisprudence de Hardcover De Jurisprudency A Severe Wasb (whose onhardcover) has 38 pages; it has UCLC Number 8803645, or 0003-5814-8. Its ISBN code is 0-676-81-8.
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore, where Standard Chinese is the language. 
Richard A. Teague, a Chrysler employed Richard A Taague and was designed by the AMC Matador. 
Akeem Ayers is a Linebacker position. 
10 Hygiea, which has a temperature of 164.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres. Its surface area is 837080.744 square kilometers and it has per sq. km., The celestial body known as 10 Hygia's temperatura is 164,0 Kelvins.
Ashgabat International Airport, which is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines, has a runway name 12R/30L and it is located in Ashgabata. It is situated at 211 metres above sea level. L'arrivée dei l'asganistan - 11R/305L. Il y rachaidh 2959.0 meters long.
Il-Dipartiment Gettysburg in Pennsylvania, Adams County, Pennsylvania. Il-dipartiment is Franklin County and Cumberland County (Maryland) to its southeast; Carroll County et Maryland to the north.
Adam Holloway, born in Kent, is a member of the Conservative Party (UK) and his alma mater was Magdalene College Cambridge., Magdalene college Cambridge University cattolica Adam Olynjay's Alma mater had magistrates Magdane College Massachusetts.
Alan Martin played football for Crewe Alexandra F.C. and he plays for Alan Martin. 
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ottawa in the U.S. Akron was a member of the United States where there are an ethnic group called Asian Americans.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km per sec and an apoapsis of 611961000.0 kilometres., The celestial body known as 10536 Ganimed, a length of 168.6 km/s, is 611961000,0 (kilometres).
The Atlas II, a diameter of 3.04 m, was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36. L'Atlas II originated in the United States. It had its final flight on March 16th 1998. Il y compris 32.4 m de diametre.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where Austin is the capital.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, in Indiana. 
Trane is located in Swords, Dublin, Ireland. Trane situated in Ireland.
Abradab, Katowice, Poland, became active in 1994. Abradab is a member of the band Kaliber 44 and Magik (rapper).
Poaceae, a class of Monocotyledon, is the 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) surfaced by Poaceae. 
Abilene, Texas is part of Texas, where Washington D.C. is the capital. Abile in Texas (United States), whose capital is Washington DC.
Amatriciana sauce comes from Lazio region, lazio. Tomato is an ingredient in the latter of which it can be found. 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where they are known as Texans. It has a language spoken or Spanish.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akit, Japan. It is part of the Pholagée Jōta. Y'y are an ethnic group in Japan including filipinians. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching (Sarawak). Adenan Satem attended University of Adelaide.
Akeem Dent formerly played for Atlanta Falcons, who are owned by Arthur Blank. He was a member of the Houston Texans, which is located in Atlanta.
Massimo Drago played for S.S. Chieti Calcio and he plays for the club A.J.Chieti FC. 
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. 
A Glastonbury Romance, which is available in print, has 1174 pages. It can be found in Print and produced at print., The publication of the book A Glastonebury Roman (in print), has 507 pages.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Sergey Naryshkin is a leader. 
L'Atlantic City International Airport, which has a runway length of 3048.0, is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, U.S. A.R.A. and it is part of Atlantic City. It hails 3148.0 meters long.
Aaron Bertram played ska punk and is a member of the Kids Imagine Nation. He plays for Suburban Legends, whose band is Brian Robertson (trombonist).
Auburn, Washington - part of Pierce County, in Washington, U.S. Auburn is a total area of 7741 square kilometres. Il y serves un poids de 77.41 sq km.
Albert Jennings Fountain, who was born in Staten Island, U.S. He died in New Mexico Territory.
Abner W. Sibal fought in the American Revolutionary War where Abner W Sbal became a member of the United States Army. 
Baymax, created by Duncan Rouleau, Americans. It is a character of Big Hero 6 and starred Damon Wayans Jr.
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238] Membres. 
Joden, Godenblanco is the nickname of AFC Ajax (amateurs) 'Jen,Goden blanco'. 
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana where Indianapolis's capital. 
Bhajji, a food found in Karnataka, India. T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India whose people are known as Indians.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is l'Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, Brazil. 
Aaron Turner, a Black metal musician, is associated with Greymachine and Twilight. He plays black metal in the band Elliot.
Appleton, Wisconsin serves Appleton International Airport which is part of Kimberly and Little Chute in Wisconsin. C'est l'Atroport international appleton s'occupe de Appletone (part of kimberli), Wisconsin; c'était un po' petit-Chute.
Arlington, a part of Tarrant County, Texas. Fort Worth and Houston is the largest city in Texas.
Austin, Texas is a part of Texas, in the United States., The Austin (in Texas) comes from the U.S.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama and White Americans are an ethnic group. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S. In which English is spoken.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County in Indiana, where Americans are an ethnic group. In the U.S.A. l'inhabitants devono essere known as americans., L'endroit a t-Alban and NativeAmericans live in the United States.
Baymax, created by Duncan Rouleau and Maya Rudolph, is a character in Big Hero 6 (film) which starred Maya Rutdolph.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is led by Albuquerques City Council. Il's title of the city Council de Fulquique (New Mexico).
Anders Osborne, whose genre is rock music, was a member of Tab Benoit and Billy Iuso. He has collaborated with TabBenoit or Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars.
AmeriGas a governed by King of Prussia, Pennsylvania in the United States, which was founded on 4th July 1776. It has total area de 9833516.63 square kilometres and it is located within Queen of Perussia (Pennsylvanie).
William Anders, a member of Apollo 8 was born on 17th October 1933 in British Hong Kong. William Anders became married to Apollo 8.
The AMC Matador, a full-size car, is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria. It has an alternative name of VAM Classic and l'AMC straight-6 engine. 
Roland Desmond is a comic book character Blockbuster, which was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle.
Albany, Georgia is a part of the state of Georgia in the U.S. In which African Americans are an ethnic group.
L'1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Il y are led by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its capital is Bucharest.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957 and retired on 1st August 1974., AllanShepard (born on the 18th of May 1923) is a member of A.N.C. In 1957; his alma mater began en 1957 with an MA. J.Y.
14R/32L is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a food found in the United States, where English is the language. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States, where Richard J Berry is a leader. It is governed by Albuquerques City Council in the U.S.A.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, i gceapprovisionnement of the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Is é an Memorial Turkish Martyrs' which was dedicated to soldats Ottoman army involved in feidhmiú sa Bhrasat Azerbaïdjan. 
Aaron S. Daggett, a maine, was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and became awarded the Purple Heart.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where one of the languages spoken in Great Britain. It is a typical English language (whose originates from Great Gran Bretagna).
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on 9  September 1995 in Tampere, Finland. He played for Florida Panthers and he is a member of the Florida National League. 
Airey Neave, Knightsbridge, was born in  Knightbridge. He fought in World War II and fecame feidhmed in the World war II. 
Baked Alaska is a food found in Hong Kong, France, where Carrie Lam (politique) and Gérard Larcher are leaders. Il y compris le French language.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He became a test pilot and died in California. J'ai awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Méd.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups., In the U.S. hails un héritage ethnique degli Afro-Americans, A loyal Character dancer comes from Sohu Press. 
(66063) 1998 RO1, which has an orbital period of 360.29 days, has a mean temperature of 265.0 kelvins. Its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres and its epoch date was on 4 November 2013.
Al Anderson, a member of the band NRBQ, performs rock music and it originated from country music. 
Lancia Thema is a related means of transport to the Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, where Rome's capital is Rome. 
The Ariane 5 a diametre 5.4 metres, manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space. It was launched from the Guiana Space Centre on 11 August 2005 et it had its final flight on 18 December 2009.
Anderson, Indiana is a part of Lafayette Township, Madison County in Indiana, U.S. In the United States, has Indianapolis as its capital.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al-Khor Sports Club in Al Khor. Il-Yl-Oll-L-Ajr, al Shorta SC, is a member of Al shorta SK. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov played football for FC Dynamo Moscow and FC Terek Grozny, which is a youth club. He was manager of Rashid Rakhimov.
Ayam penyet s'est found in Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is a leader. Ayam Penyet comes from Java and it has an ethnic group of Banyumasan people.
Alvah Sabin résidu in Vermont, a part of the 3rd Congressional District. He began his active years on March 4th 1853 and died in Sycamore, Illinois.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada, where English is the language., Canada's birth place Adam McQuid comes from Canada and uses the English language.
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members and their ground is bryning Lane. 
A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages, ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2., The book A wizard de Mars is 56 pages and it has 512 pages. It has an ISBN Number 0-20-15-204075-2.
Allan Shivers, a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 Port Arthur, was Democratic Party in the United States. Price Daniel is succeeded by PriceDaniel. 
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia, Indonesia. Y's main ingredients include: Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal and it comes from the Malaysian Chinese., The main ingredient of Ayam Penyet is decezed (or sawed) beef Chicken which came from Indonesia.
Aenir, which preceded by Castle (novel) is a sequel to Above the Veil in Australians. It was followed by Aenur and it comes from Australia. 
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and Native Americans are an ethnic group. 
Luanda serves Luanda. 
Aaron Turner is from Boston., Alan Turner was born in Boston, Boston.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia. 
Adam McQuaid played for Boston Bruins in Columbus, Ohio. Don Sweeney is a general manager of Boston Blue Jackets whose draft team was Adam McQuid.
Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States., The Amarillo (Texas) is located in the U.S.
HOK SVE, architect of 3Arena in Dublin. It was completed in December 2008 and is designed by HOK SSVE. 
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Artur Rashizade. Il Memorial turco Martyrs' tzigane deíodh red granite and white marble. Dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers uccisi in the Battle of Baku., Il memorial kurdomartyrs sarbatoien en Azerbaïdjan (led by Arat Ramizade). C'est l'Armun army killed in
Michele Marcolini, a member of F.C. Bari 1908, was born in Italy. He is manager of AC Lumezzane and he plays for Torino FC.
Andrew Rayel, a member of Mark Sixma and Christian Burns, is associated with Mark Sima., Et Andrew Rayell, whose musical artist was Mark sixma, belonged to Christianburns and he became attached by Mark Syma.
Aaron Deer is from Indiana, in the U.S.A. where he performs indie rock and was a member of the music genre Indie rock.
A Severed Wasp s'est found in the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. Il y compris Great Britain and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. Albany (Oregon) originates from the U.S. E.K.A.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen., Diemen is the birth place of Adam Mahers, diemen.
Anaheim, California is a part of Orange County in the Greater Los Angeles area. Anaheim (led by the California State Assembly) - l'U.S. A.L.
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. in Brazil, was founded on 1st January 2001, and is l'approvisionnement in pharmaceuticals. Il y compris drugs; it has an CEO as its key person.
AmeriGas, a member of the energy industry, is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. , AmeriGas comes from Queen of Perussia (Pennsylvanie). It is operated by Energy Industry.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre, a t-ingredients include cuttle fish. 
Walter Baade, a preussisch Oldendorf, attended the University of Gottingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed and Halton Arp is an doctoral student.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. It is a academic discipline of Computer Science and it has an ISSN number 1558-2868. 
Anaheim, California - part of California. Anaheim is led by Tom Tait and its leader is the U.S. House of Representatives who are located in the United States Capitol. It is a Spanish language.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St Vincent-St Mary High School, where K-W United FC are champions. It play in the Premier Development League which has K W United Football champion. 
At 12 metres above sea level, l'IATA is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. It has an elevation of 12.6 meters long al-livello. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, part of the community of Madrid. 
Alvah Sabin a member of the Whig Party (United States).
Lydia II is a leader in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders. Il AIDS (journal) was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
The Alhambra has a top speed of 18.52 km/h. 
General Dynamics Electric Boat which is located in Groton, Connecticut. It has a 3.8 m long ship beam and it was built by General DynamicS Engineering Boat who are parent company of Greatfield, CT. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico, in the United States, where Don Tripp is a leader. It is led by A new Mexico House of Representatives and it is governed by D-Tripp. 
Alvah Sabin, a member of the Whig Party in the U.S.A. He became part of Vermont whose largest city is Burlington and he died in Sycamore, Illinois.
Albany, Oregon has a total area of 45.97 square kilometres. 
Alkmaar Zaanstreek, a total name of AZ Alkmaar, has 17023 members. 
Al Anderson, a band NRBQ, became active in 1966. He is associated with The Wildweeds and partly member of the band RNBQ.
Alfred N. Phillips, who was born in Connecticut, worked as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 4th district and fought in Whiskey Rebellion.
Angola, Indiana is a part of Indiana in the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group. In which English is one of the languages and l'Americans live.
Abilene, Texas a 54.0 metres above sea level. It has an area code of 325 and its population density is 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. Il y includes environ 286.5 sq km; it has l'area code 325.
Alessio Romagnoli, who played for A.C. Milan, is a defender in football. AlessioRomagnoli plays for AC Milan.
Arlington, a part of Tarrant County, Texas. Fort Worth is the largest city in Texas and Austin is its capital.
Ícolo e Bengo is a part of Angola, where it is situated in Ícolo-e Beno., It is the location of Aetroport International Bananas which are located in Icolo (E beno) u l'Angola.
Al-Khor Sports Club played in the Qatar Stars League. 
The Administrative Science Quarterly, abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q., has the coden code of ASCQAG and its name is Admin.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l., is a member of A.C.Chievo Verona, which has 39371 members in the Serie A 2014-15. It's full name: Associazione Livano S R.L. L., Federal dei C.chievo (Verona) - Torino, Italy. Ily have 39571 members and their home ground at Stadio A 2014.
Antioch, a part of Contra Costa County, California, in San Francisco Bay Area. Antioch (in California), y compris sequel al-San Francisco bay area. L-Spanish is the language spoken in California. 
At l'aeroporto Athens International Airport is located in Spata. 
AmeriGas serves all'United States, where AmeriGas is a company in the energy industry. It earns all regions of the U.S.A.
101 Ukrop Way is l'adresse of Alan B. Miller Hall, which was constructed on 30 March 2007 in 31 March 2007.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where they are leaders. It was designed Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner. 
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada. Ils faisons part of the Korean War and marching in this war. 
Il-D. Isidro Metapan, a full name is Isiro Metapán, has 10000 members and its home ground at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez. 
Baduy is an ethnic group in Java, which has Badtuy as an ethnological group. 
L'Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Madrid, Spain. ENAIRE operates l'Atroport Adolfo Suarez Barajas which is situated at San Sebastian de Los Reye.
A Long Long Way has an ISBN number of 0-670-0380-4 and a ISBN Number of 0-370-03380-4.
N.R. Pogson is a nationality in England. 
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore - 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students; it is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road (Birmingham 560090., L'Institiúal Deontological Universitivis varaya Idir Pradesh India operated in 2000. Its motto is
GMA New Media, which is located in the GMA Network Center, Philippines. Felipe Gozon became a key person at l'Agglomération Générale Inc. It sells mobile applications.
Aaron Turner, whose genre is black metal, plays with the band Twilight and Sumac. He was a member of singing group Black metal.
Attica, Indiana is a part of Fountain County in Indiana, United States. Washington D.C. Is the capital of the U.S.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and African Americans are an ethnic group. It comes from the U.S. whose capital is Washington DC.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which is located at Asillomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California, has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places. 
John Cowper Powys is the auteur of Wolf Solent. 
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located 34.0 metres above sea level, it has a runway name 03L/21R. It has an length of 1411.0 in poaceae. Il y l'arrivée dei n-raggiunging 344,0 km/h. La t-europort Ardmore, New Zealand, s'est elevated 44.0 m al-le-sea.
Anderson, Indiana - 268.0 metres above sea level. It has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and it has an area code 107.43 (square kilometres). Anderson is part of Indiana whose total area is 107.33 sq km.
Auburn is a part of Lee County, Alabama, in the United States. Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group from the U.S.
Abilene, Texas is part of Texas., Il y a city in Texas (part de Texas).
Pietro Canonica - designer of the Ataturk Monument in Izmir. 
The final flight of Antares rocket was on 28th October 2014 and it had its final voyage on August 28, 2014.
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart, a variation of the cakewell pudding. It comes from Derbyshire Dales and it can be varied by Bakwell Pudding.
Agustin Barboza, a solo singer, is signed to Philips Records and plays Guarania music. Agustin Gaboza's musical genre is Guarani (music). He has l'abbreviated label Power Records.
Aenir, which was preceded by Castle (novel) is the sequel to Above the Veil. 
Aenir followed the novel Castle (novel) which was followd by Aennir. 
L'Alhambra, a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes is located in Deptford. L' Alhambra hails l'Humprys; Diekes (w.
Kelvin Mao is a comic character Ballistic, which was created by Doug Moench and KelvinMao. 
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, was available in E-Book. It is a media type of E book. 
Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II leads. 
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe leads Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and its currency is an rupee.
Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot, attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963. He graduated from Sc.D en 1963 and became an crew member of Apollo 11 where William Anders was the backup pilot.
AZAL PFK located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.  The AZAL pFK is situated in shuvalsan, Bako, Azerbaïdjan.
L'AMC Matador, a mid-size car, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. Il y includes an AMC V8 engine and l'American MotorsMatador (alternatively known as American Motors Matdor).
Aaron Bertram, a member of the Kids Imagine Nation and plays for Suburban Legends. He is associated with Kids-Imagine nation and performs pop music.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. in Illinois, Illinois. It was founded in the U.S. A.C. and it has AIDAluna as its power type.
L'arrivée Ardmore (New Zealand) - 34.0 metres above sea level. It has a runway name of 07/25 and an length of 518.0. Il y l'aird from New Zealand, which is elevated 344,0 km/h. La journée dei rassemblements are poaceae.
Il Delta II, which originated in the U.S.A., originates from the United States; it was launched at Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It has a comparable rocket Antares.
The Antares rocket, manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, was launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It had its maiden flight on 21 April 2013 and its final flight 28th October 2014.
At AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Amsterdam, where Eberhard van der Laan is a leader. 
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where Barack Obama leads. In Great Britain, c'est an ethnic group of Native Americans and became part of the English language.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon where Portland is the largest city. 
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a married to Ruth Ribcoff; was born in the U.S.U. and became spouse of Abraham A Riblicoff. 
N.R. Pogson, Nottingham, was born in Connecticut and has an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
Airbus Group is the parent company of Airbus Defence and Space, which manufactured Ariane 5., Airane 5 was manufatted by Aircraft defence et Space a subsidiary for Boeing Group.
Adisham Hall, Haputale, Sri Lanka, is l'architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian. It is situated in Hatturale (Sri Lanka).
Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in Chicago, worked as a United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. Casey Ribcoff is married to Casei Ribjoff (in Chicago).
Il Punjab, Pakistan is led by the Provincial Assembly of the PPunjab. It is operated by The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority whose headquarters are located in Jinnah International Airport., Allama Iqbal International airport (led by l'Assemblee provinciale de la Pewan), Pakistan, which has a leadership title: L.A.L.R.J.I.O.K. I.U.P.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the Mayor. It is governed by an Municipality. 
The Alhambra has a 8.3m ship beam and an elevation of 8.3 m.
Alex Tyus plays in the Turkish Basketball Super League, Maccabi Ashdod B.C. He is coached by Vit Sherf. Il y formerly footballer Alex Tyu's club f'Accademia dei Campi Olimpiques Turkménistan. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an OCLC number 78771100., Locdt Alcatraz Versu the Erreur Libraryans, is 77151100 and it's ISBN number 878771100.
Lockheed Martin is the manufactur of Atlas II, which was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., L'Atlas II (Manufactured Hong Kong Martin) operated by Lockheed Marnell and it had its launch site at Cape CAveral air force Station.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He served in Kuching and fought in Asajaya.
Aleksandra Kovac, a solo singer, was born in Belgrade in 1972. Aleksandra Kovač's genre is pop music and became active in 1971.
Abel Caballero, aménagé in Galicia (Spain) while Juan Carlos I of Spain was monarch and Francisco Franco. Figliol Salvador Franco; f'Alfonso Franco defreign Adam Castro.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a food found in the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain. It has an ethnic group of Native Americans and one of its languages is English.
Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., which was located in the U.S. A.C.; it has AIDAluna as its power type.
Bhajji is a food found in the Karnataka region of India, where Sumitra Mahajan and Vajubhai Vala are leaders.
John Cowper Powys's notable work was Wolf Solent. 
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba, Manioquia., The birth place of Alex Plantes is Manibaka and a person whose birthplace is Mantoba.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level. 
Rolando Maran, a member of A.C. Chievo Verona, was born in Italy. He plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. and Carrarese Calcio.
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. Cornell University, a publisher dei Administrative Science Quarterly. It is affilied to Académie public and land–grant Universitas. 
L'Appleton International Airport, which serves Appleton, Greenville, Wisconsin, is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0. Il y includes l'itinerario 3/21.
Bionico - dessert. Bionico is a type of dessert and it can be varied by Ice cream. 
Amdavad ni Gufa, Ahmedabad, India, is located at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University and University Road., Amadda'r Amdavad Ni Gubha (led by Lokulbhai Dhatbhai campus, vicine to the U.E.C. I.G.I.U.N.R.O.J.Y.L.B.T.K.) in 
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is Helipad. It has a length in 'Helipad'. 
Andrew Rayel e's genre of Trance, which has its stylistic origins in pop music. Jwaydan Moyine is a member of John Digweed and became associated with the musical artist John digweed.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma and White South Africans are leaders. Is a group of ethnic groups such as white Southafricanes.
A Wizard of Mars, a hardcover, was written by Diane Duane. It has an ISBN number of 978-0-15-204770-2 and is available in Hardcover. 
Elliot See served as a test pilot and was employed as an Test pilot. 
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has a coden code APGPAC.
Alessio Romagnoli played for UC Sampdoria. He is a member of A.C. Milan, whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović. Il s'il gestionnaire dei AC Milan (who are managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic).
Anderson, Indiana is a part of Indiana, in the United States. Il's headquarters are Washington D.C. and it is led by the Democratic Party (United States) which has Indianapolis as its capital.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has a LCCN number 32024459. 
Aleksandr Chumakov played football for FC Torpedo Moscow, which was managed by Valery Petrakov. Aleksandr Tukmanov is a chairman of FC Turmakov who play in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League. 
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Bundelkhand. It is 167.94 metres above sea level and it is situated at an elevation of 167.4.94.
Adam Koc is a nationality in Poland, where Kashubians are an ethnic group. Adam Koc comes from Poland whose language is polacco.
Alberto Teisaire, a nationality of Argentina, is Buenos Aires. Il governed by l'Ordonnance città dei Buis Aires (led byGabriela Michetti) e where Spanish is one of the languages.
 Jazz originated from blues music and has its stylistic origins in the Blues. 
Anderson, Indiana is a part of Madison County in Indiana, U.S.A.
The Aston Martin V8, assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom, is a related means of transport. It has 5.3 litres as an engine. 
A.D. Isidro Metapán, a full name is Asociación Deportiva. 
L'AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark, was designed by 3XN and is tenanted by Marriott International. L'Asc Hotel Benoit in Copenhagen (Dינה), l'aasc hotel 3,XN. Il n-estraitd by the architect of AC Hotel Buona Fase Copenhagen en Danja. 
Alkmaar Zaanstreek, AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and fought in 2014.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom. L'armée General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and Lockheed AC-130 are a aircraft fighter.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, has a runway length of 3500.0., Asroport Adolfo SuarezMadrid Barajas is situated at San Sebastian de Los Reye and it's elevated 3500 metres long.
The Antares rocket, manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, was launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It had its maiden flight on 21 April 2013.
At built the icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov in Finland, where Sauli Niinisto is a leader. 
Jerry Ordway, a nationality of Americans, was created by Bibbo Bibbowski.
Alexandria, Indiana has a total area of 6,81 sq km. It has an population density of 755.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Philippe of Belgium is a leader in Belgium, where Philippe de Belgium. 
Alberto Teisaire is a nationality of Argentina. 
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. (corporation), was founded on 1st January 2001, and has an net income of 108,600,000., Federal Hypermarcais, detented on 01-01-1901, is tentatively operated by A.S.C. Inc.; it has un net-inconduit $10800000.
Gordon Marsden is a leader in Blackpool, where the ground of A.F.C. blackpool are managed by Stuart Parker who plays for KV Mechelen and Chesterfield FC. 
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II, where Chiang Kai-shek was a commander. Il y served in the United States Army.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II e became a member of the United States Army, where Abner W Sbal was involved.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid, New York, a Saranac Lake (New York). Il y includes 1219.0 l'arrivée degli Adirondack., Administrang Régional Antarctica Adlidack regional Airport is served byLake Placids, new York and Sarannac Lake, N.Y.
The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine. 
Abel Caballero, aménagé in Galicia (Spain), is ministro des Transports. Abel Carallero was born in Galena, Spain. He worked as Minister of Transport and began office as Aire de transport. 
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which comes from France, United States or China. 
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, is available in hardcover. It was published in Hardcover.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines, where Philippine Spanish is the language and Zamboangans are an ethnic group. Il'y compris l'espèce de Chinese Filipino.
Asser Levy Public Baths, a 23rd Street (Manhattan), were constructed in 1904 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1980. It has an architecture style Romanesque Revival. Its reference number is 80002709.
Izmir, Turkey's capital is Ankara and its leader is Ahmet Davutoglu. It was inaugurated on 27th July 1932. Il Atatürk Monument in Izmir (izmir) architecturally designed by Pietro Canonica; it had Ankara as its capital.
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa where Cape Town. 
Albany, Georgia is a part of Dougherty County,Georgia in the U.S.A. where one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans and includes Albany, Atlanta, Oregon.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece. 
A Long Long Way, published by Viking Press, Ireland. It was preceded by Annie Dunne and followed by The Secret Scripture., The sequel to A Long long Way (in Ireland) is a parent of Viking press in Ireland.
The AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members. 
Beef kway teow - in Indonesia, Singapore and Indonesia. It is an ingredient of oyster sauce. 
Siomay, a variation of Shumai, can be varied by siot may. 
Auburn, Alabama is part of Ohio., Mae Auburn (Alabama) is جزءا d'Alabama.
A.F.C. Fylde, which has 3180 members, is located in Warton, Awde. Il's full name is Association Football Club Fylda. L'abbreviated to A F.P. Dyde (part of warton).
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Abraham Taïb Mahmoud's birthplace (RoyeSarawak) fought in sarawak.
Bhajji, which is a food found in India, has gram flour and vegetables. Its main ingredients are gram fluor, but it comes from India.
New Jersey, where Trenton is the capital. The capital of New Jersey is Trentone. 
Aaron S Daggett won the Purple Heart and was awarded Aaron St. Dagett. 
James Craig Watson, a national of Canada, discovered 103 Hera. He died in Madison, Wisconsin and passed away from peritonitis., Il-Canadian James Craig (Watson) was an American who deceased 103Hera.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, is available in print. It has an ISBN number of 978-1-4165-4253-7 and was published in Print.
L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland, Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. It has a length of 99.83 and an beam of 21.2 km/h.
Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce, which originates from Italy. 
 Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Il's nickname is Cornelle Big Red and it has an affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is a leader. It's the national anthem of Canada (or O Canada).
Il Memorial turc Martyrs, Baku, dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Il is made from red granite and white marble. 
Buzz Aldrin is a nationality of the United States., The US Nationality Buzz Aldin was an American.
Audi A1, assembled in Brussels, Belgium, is classed as Supermini. It has a 1.2 litres density and front-engine operated avant-wheel-drive layout., The Audi A1. L'abbreviated to the supermini compétitivité feidhme fléchir à Bruxelles, Belgio. Il y l'apparecchiature fluviale bourgeoise; it s'assembled in Bretagna
Austin, Texas is a part of Travis County in Texas, U.S. A.R.A.
Alan Martin, who was born on 1st January 1989. He played football for Hamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, where Austin Fernando and Ranil Wickremesinghe are leaders. It has 476 bed counts.
Arròs negre, a t-arròs Negre, is in the Valencian Community of Spain. It includes Cubanelle and its main ingredients include white rice, cuttlefish or squid, celestial body cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
Alfons Gorbach, a married in Imst, died in Austria. Doris Bures is the leader of Austria (il 'l e'n o'r leaders), y fought in Ist. 
Meyer Werft, l'AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. It has a length of 253260.0 millimetres and it was built by Meyer Wirft.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. Il's leader of Malaysia is Arifin Zakaria and Indonesian Indian. L'idéal degli Stati Uniti hails an ethnic group al-Malayerine.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, which is located in Uruguay. Il y where Tabaré Vázquez and Uruguayans are ainmneacha.
Bhajji s'est found in the Karnataka region of India, where T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Japan, where Tarō Aso and Japanese people are an ethnic group.
At 12 metres above sea level, Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government. L'arrivée degli aerfort international which is owned by an Affluence region in 12.6 km/h.
3Arena owned by Live Nation Entertainment, which is located in Beverly Hills, California. It is home to beverly Hill, CA. 
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is headquartered at the Four World Trade Center. 
Asam pedas, a commonly known as Asam páh, originates from Sumatra and Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. Ils main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
AZAL PFK located in Azerbaijan, where Qarabag FK are the champions. AZAL Arena is l'agra de la Journée Générale en Azerbaïdjan. 
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, a type of dessert. Ils include Cookie and cookies. 
Binignit includes the main ingredients of sweet potato, which is part of the Solanales order. 
Walter Baade, a student of the University of Göttingen, was born in the German Empire. He discovered 1036 Ganymed and Halton Arp as well as Allan Sandage.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire. He became a crew member of Apollo 14 operated by NASA in 1959 and is deceased. A part of the NASA operates Apollo 14.
Andrew White started active in 2003 and was signed to Polydor Records. He is associated with Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs. Andrew White began his musical career in 2003.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the U.S. A. Atlanta., At l'Atlanta (p.s.), New York County en Georgia, Washington State.
Swords, Dublin is part of Dublin (Partie Parliamentary European).
J.V. Jones e J V Jones wrote A Fortress of Grey Ice which has an ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6., The author of F.F.R.A.L.S.E.Y. (ISBN number 0-67653-633-6).
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090. It is a campus at In Solvanahalli (Acharya) Dr Sravarja Palrjudicini Way, Hargrettura Main Route, Bangalore – 562090., The campus of the Achie Institute of Technology and it is attached to: Saunderseghe, Ad. Ardv. TarvipalliRadh
Ay Wilder was born in Sweden on 23rd July 1982. He is a solo singer and became active in 1981., Seigeant, Ace-Wilder (in Sweden) fought in 1982.
Lancia Thema and Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Arese, are related means of transport to the Fiat Croma. It is a similar type of transportation at the Lancia-Thema. 
Deram Records is located in London. Deramrecords are a location of London.
Arrabbiata sauce is a toscana, Italy. It has tomato as an ingredient and it can be found in the Italian region. 
A Loyal Character Dancer has an ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3., The ISBN Number of A loyal Character dancer is1-56947-301-3.
Aaron Deer, whose genre is Psychedelia, plays guitar as a guitar.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, Denmark, was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16 000 students. Il y a student whose school is affiliated with an elevation of 16000., L'école deffari et sociali at L'Aarhus Universit (Dnemark), where it was eredited on 1928.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a American, was born in Chicago and died in the U.S. J.R.J.I.Y. He married Casey Ribcoff (in Chicago) where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which comes from New York, United States. It can be found in the U.S. J.Y., Sapone Cake is one of the ingredients in baked L.A.K. and it originates from new York.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County in Indiana, United States. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area total of 4.14 sq km.
AIP Advances, a abbreviated to AIP Adv., is published by A.T. Charlie Johnson and it has the coden code AAIDBI., At-l'Edwarded by AC J. Charles Johnson or ADJ. It has an apobbreviation of AIT Adv.
Rostock, a Rostock in Germany. Joachim Gauck is the leader of Germany where A-Rosa Luna was built. Neptun Werft hails situated in rostock (Germania), which has Berlin as its capital.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died on 21st July 1998 in California. He became awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Méd., At an American Defense Service Militaire (United States) whose birthplace was New-Hampshire; he deceased on 7th January 1998.
Dodge Coronet - alternative name of the 1955 Dodge, which has a V8 engine and an 3 speed automatic transmission. 
Andrew White, whose genre is alternative rock, plays for Marry Banilow and a musician associated with artist Marchry Berrylow.
3Arena, a Dublin is designed by Populous and was completed in December 2008. It has its architects of 3Arena (dicembre 2008) o Dublin. 
Andrew Rayel started performing in 2009 and became active in Trance music. He is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn.
103 Hera, which has a mass of 7.9 kgs, has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 km. It has the mass de 7.9 kilograms and an escape velocity of 0.0482 km per sec., 3484 km/sec is l'exploration volumétrique u 0,0482 kilometres per second; it has bénéficied f&487170000000,0 km.
Airey Neave, who started his career on 30 June 1953, fought in the World War II and became active.
3Arena a Dublin is part of the Republic of Ireland, where Críona Ní Dhálaigh is leader. It is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and in Dublin (part of Repubblica Irlande).
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas, Brazil. Ily are champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C where Vila Nova Futebol Clube competed.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and serves the city of Amsterdam. Its runway name is 06/24 Kaqadan, it has a length of 2014.0., Located at 3.3328. L'arrivée de St.S. A.K.A.C. in Amsterdam, l'as well served by Amsterdam.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol, who are managed by Giuseppe Iachini. He is a member of the U.S. Città di Palermo which play in Serie A.
Rostock, Rostock in Germany, where Andreas Voßkuhle is a leader. Neptun Werft built A-Rosa Luna.
Hypermarcas, a biotechnologie density of 23.8 millimetres in Brazil, was founded on 1st January 2001 and produces cosmetic products. It is l'approvisionnement in the Pharmaceuticals industry. Il has 238.8 millimetries in Brasil. 
 Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. L'Université Cornelle (New York), y affiliated with the Association of American Universities and it has its nickname Cornu Big Red.
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and African Americans are an ethnic group. It was taught in English which comes from Great Britain.
Binignit includes sweet potato, which is a division of Fruiting Plant. Il y compris binignit as an ingredient in Binignit. 
Aleksandr Chumakov played football for FC Torpedo Moscow, which is managed by Valery Petrakov. He was a member of the Soviet Union national football team whose leader is Valentina Matviyenko and died in Russia.
Lancia Thema is the Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy. It has a Fiat Croma and y related means of transport to Lancia-Thema.
Andrews County, Texas is a county seat of Andrews.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Fiat Croma. 
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez, a manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan, plays for C. D. FAS. He is managed by Jorge Gumberto Rodriguez, whose club is c. M. S.S.
Bakso is a food found nationwide in Indonesia, which has Jakarta as its capital. It is led by Joko Widodo and also popular in the neighbouring Southeast Asian countries., Barroso comes from Indonesia all'inhabitants of Indonesia (capital: Jakarta), it is governed by JokoWidodo. Ily speak Indonesian.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II e became part of the World war II. 
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States., Austin in Indiana (United States).
Aaron Turner, a black metal musician, is associated with Sumac band. He performs Black metal whose fusion genre is Death metal.
L'AMC Matador, a model year 1971, is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria. Il y compris the AMC Ambassador and it was manufactured in 1971.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where Houston is the largest city.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union., Austin a member of Anderson, in Indiana (Adams-Fall Creek) AwlwflwWolw wLww Wulw f'Union.
(410777) 2009 FD, which was discovered by Spacewatch, has a periapsis of 882343000000.0., Spacewatch is the discoverer of 4107772009 FD (410777) 2009. It has an peripopsis of 872343300000,0.
Alan B. Miller Hall, located in Williamsburg, Virginia on 30 March 2007, is owned by the College of William & Mary and it was constructed on 31 March 2007.
Aaron Turner, a member of the band Lotus Eaters, is associated with Isis. He played for the group lotus Eater.
L'AMC Matador, which is also known as American Motors Matdor, was assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It has a station wagon and an AMC V8 engine.
Frank de Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax. 
Halimah Yacob is a leader in Singapore, where Halimah Ysaac is the leader. Beef kway teow comes from. It has an currency of Singapore dollar. 
Arem-arem s'il is a main course in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. It includes an ingredient of compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings., Mae più specific per Java, Arem arem comes from Indonesia and it contains the mae pae poe bae f'in Indonesia.
Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in California, is located in Peoria, Illinois. It has AIDAluna as a power type of Caterpillar Co.
Trane, which was founded in La Crosse Wisconsin, is located in Ireland, Europe. Trane (founded at LaCrosse), Wisconsin., Tone comes from Dublin, France, Inc. L-Croix, Wisconsin.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a New York City, was born in the United States and worked as the U.S. Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. He succeeded John N Dempsey.
Appleton serves Appleton, Wisconsin. Greenville is part of Ellington and Little Chute (in Wisconsin).
Buzz Aldrin, a retired in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20th January 1930. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Sc.D. 1963. In 1963, he was selected by NASA in 1963 to be part of Apollo 11.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students., Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore (India). L'Université haïd in 2000. It operated in 2000-2000. Ily a student population at 700 as well as an elevation deitudiants.
Il-Aviation Forces United States, which fought in the invasion of Panama, operates Al Asad airbase. L-U.S. Air Force is l-équiping organisation for Lockheed AC-130; Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
Aenir has an OCLC number 45644811, a ISBN number 45644531.
Airey Neave fought in World War II, where Joseph Stalin was a commander.
Il-President Azerbaijan, a bhfuil an legislature de chuid na Náisiún Aontais. Ba'r sa capital is Baku. Is é le haghaidh léirithe ag Ard-Ard-Repubblica Azerbaïdjan; bíodh Huseyin Bütüner agus Hilmi Guner in the National Assembly.
 1097 Vicia, a epoch date 31 December 2006, has an orbital period of 135589000.0., (107) Viscia (ad hoc depuis 31 Decembre 2006) ha l'opossum apogée d'il 31.12.2006.
Atlanta is a country in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. , Atlanta comes from the U.S. In which one of the ethnological groups is African americans.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and its capital is Jakarta.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are a champions of this league. 
Izmir, Turkey was inaugurated on 27 July 1932. It is located in Izmir (Turquie) which had its inauguration on the 27th August 1932.
Sergio Mattarella - leaders in Italy, where Rome is the capital. Amatriciana sauce comes from. Is a grigione dei risparmio di Italian and Pietro Grasso.
Bananaman, which was created by John Geering. Bananaman first aired on 3rd October 1983 and had Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in the BBC. It was last air on 15 April 1986.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army. , Abdulsalamu Abubaka was a member of the Nigérian Armando.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. It is a academic discipline of Computer Science and it has an ISSN number 1046-8188.
Alan Bean a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA. He spent 100305 minutes in space, it had Alfred Worden as its backup pilot and David Scott was commander. 
Stuart Parker, a manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, is attached to Irlam Town FC and plays for KV Mechelen.
Alison O'Donnell, a jazz musician, was signed to Deram Records in London. Il is associated with Fruits de Mer Records and derm Records (London).
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo and Oladipo Diya, was in office while Mike Akhigbe's Vice-Président. Il y émergò Oladito Diya agus Viktor Abhigbe Jr., Odissecessor de Bob Khabak Muhammad Abdul SalamiAbubakar (Sacerdotes) Aleksandr Awessio Diya et Lokodilo Diya).
Il-LaSalle 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, United States. It has 60 floors and its leader is Rahm Emanuel.
Andrew White started his career in 2003 and is a member of the B-Unique Records. Andrew White was signed to Polydor Records, partly with Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs.
Arem-arem contains banana leaf and is a food found in Indonesia, Indonesia. 
William Anders e William Anders was a backup pilot of Apollo 11's Apollo 11.
Twilight (Band Twilight) performs black metal. 
Aleksandre Guruli played for AS Lyon-Duchère and FC Karpaty Lviv. He formerly plays for AC Lyon Duchere.
Abilene, Texas, which is part of Taylor County in Texas (United States), serves the city of Abilenne., Mae'r Regional Airport Abilen fought in Atlanta, Austin, Illinois, United States.
Lancia Thema is a related means of transport to the Alfa Romeo 164. 
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road (Birmingham - 560090). It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Bangalore, India. Its director was Dr G. P. Prabhukumar.
Sadique Abubakar a commander in the Nigerian Air Force. 
3Arena located at East Link Bridge. 
Abel Hernandez, whose club is Peñarol, was a member of the Central Espanol. He plays for U.S. Citta di Palermo and poliziarol. 
Acharya Institute of Technology is a sport offered to tennis, which was governed by the International Tennis Federation. 
Olympo Diya e Oladipo Diya preceded Mike Akhigbe. 
The Acura TLX has a 9 speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6) transmission. 
Agustín Barboza, aménagé in Asunción, Paraguay. Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay where there are an ethnic group called Mestizo and Spanish language. 
At Austin is the capital of Texas, where Andrews County Airport can be found in Texas. It has a Spanish language and Houston as its largest city. 
Led by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom. Ildistinguished le Journal AIDS (journal) debba l'Olympiac Workplace of Ireland.
10 Hygiea, which has an epoch date of 27 June 2015, has a escape velocity of 0.21 km per sec. It is 164.0 kelvins and its apoapsis is 523951582.33968 (kilometres).
Akeem Adams played for Ferencvarosi TC, which has Thomas Doll as its manager. 
Hypermarcas, which was founded on 1st January 2001, is located in Sao Paulo, São Paulo. It has a subsidiary of Mantecorp and one of its subsidiaries is Manitecorp. 
L'Ariane 5 a diametre 5.4 metres, is manufactured by the European Space Agency. It had its maiden flight on 2nd March 2004 and it was launched at ELA-3. L' Ariane 5 has an diameter of 5.4 (m) u final flight 27 September 2003.
At a runway length of 1533.0, it has l'Alpena County Regional Airport. 
The memorial Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, a dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner are made from red granite and white marble.
Stanislaw Tillich is a leader in Germany, where Stanislaws Tillin is the leader. 
Hypermarcas, a company in São Paulo, is l'industrie pharmaceutiques. It has 10252 impieciens and an revenue of 1800000000. L'intermédiaire de Mantecorp (il y compris 11252 employs).
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St Vincent-St Mary High School., The home ground of Akron, Al-Summitassault in St. Vincent–St. Mary high School.
Auburn, Alabama is a destination in the United States. Ils include an ethnic group of Asian Americans and one of the cities are Auburn (Alabama).
Albennie Jones, a solo singer, was born in Errata,Mississippi. Albenni Jones's genre is jazz and his background is solo singing.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio a Ticino, Switzerland was established in 1996. It has 600 students and its leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan. 
Bo Bibbowski, a full name of Bibbo Bibbaowski (w) was created by Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman. 
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is in the academic discipline of Maths. 
Il-marin American NR-1 a length of 45000.0 millimetres, it was launched on 25th January 1969. It has an top speed of 8.334 km/h, and its beam is 3.8 m.
Abilene, Texas is a part of Jones County in Texas, United States. It serves the city of Abileni, Austin (United States). Il runway length is 2194.0.
Alex Plante, aménagé in Manitoba, 1989, was born in 1989.
 Asunción is part of Gran Asuncion which is in gran Asunciones., Asunción, Gran Canaria, Inc. (part of Grand Asuncione) is جزءا.
 Dale Tallon - general manager of Florida Panthers, a type of General Manager. 
Mae shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in Bakewell pudding, a variation of the tart Bakwell.
Aenir is a sequel to Above the Veil in Australia, which was preceded by Aenur. 
Bakso e'r food in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo are leaders. Il is a part of Indonesia whose capital is Jakarta.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., where the AIDAluna was powered by l'Applet line. 
Alan Shepard a member of the United States Navy was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal. 
AIDAluna, which is owned by AIDA Cruises in Rostock, was founded in California. It has a Caterpillar Inc. (founded at California) and operates it as l'Applet Inc.
Bakewell pudding is a type of dessert and it comes from the Derbyshire Dales. It includes almond, jam, butter and eggs as its main ingredients.
Meyer Werft is located in Papenburg.
Ajoblanco contains bread. Ajoblanco is a food found in Spain, Spain. 
L-Aviation régional Abilene, Texas, serves the city of Adane in Texas. It is 546 metres above sea level and it has a runway name 17R/35L. L-ICAO Location Identifier KABI (KABI).
Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000 in Bangalore, India. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It was founded by Kempe Gowda I and its west is Arabian Sea.
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ottawa, in the United States. Washington D.C. Is a capital degli Stati Uniti; l'ethnic group include Native Americans and native americans.
 Nikos Voutsis - leader of Greece, where the leader is Nikolas Poutsis. 
Il Delta II, which originated in the United States, is manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office. It was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base vandenberg and Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. Il rocket Antares originates from the U.S. A.K.A. L'arrivée dei paes f'an Antare (il y compris l'Ernapping Regional spaceport).
Ayam penyet - Java, where the main ingredients are: Squeezed, or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
The Turkish Martyrs' Memorial in Baku is located in Azerbaijan, a dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner as Artur Rasizade.
Audi A1, assembled in Audi Brussels, it has a 1.2 lm. It has an engine of 1.2 litres and is transported by 5 speed manual.
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, which had Eagle as a fate. It was made by the american Motors and its destino is Eagle. 
At located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. It is part of the U.S. Aetroport Regional Airport Alpena which is situated within Wilson township (Alpena).
Stuart Parker, a manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, is attached to Runcorn FC Halton and plays for runcorn f.c. Haltone. 
A Fortress of Grey Ice is available in hardcover and has a Hardcover. 
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County in Alba. 
Andrew White (musician) performs alternative rock., The musician Andrew White is a member of the genre Alternative rock.
Andra commence active in 2000 and performs pop music.
L'American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math. It was first published in 1878 and it has an ISSN number 1080-6377.
Julia Morgan, a California born in California. Julia Morgan designed degli édifices importants commençant le Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and the Asilomar Conference Grounds. J'y was married to Hearst Castle.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe is an currency of Sri Lanca'n rupee.
Il AIDS (journal) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron is leader. L 'Idea governed by Richard Campbell.
Il-Chicago, Illinois, where Rahm Emanuel is a leader. 300 North LaSalle are located in Chicago (United States).
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, which was established in 1996. It has 100 academic staff and is dean Mario Botta. L'Académie of Archita di Mendirjio; it was eredited en 1996.
Binignit s'y compris le Visayas in the Philippines. Il contient dei coconut milk and sweet potatoes.
Adam Holloway, who was born in Kent, became a Member of Parliament for Gravesham. He graduated from Magdalene College Cambridge and fought on 5th May 2005.
Alan Frew performs rock music, which originated from country music and originates from Rock music.
Batchoy is a food found in the Philippines. 
Alessio Romagnoli, whose current club is A.C. Milan, where Siniša Mihajlović are managed by Silvio Berlusconi. He played for the Italy national under 17 football team and UC Sampdoria.
William Anders a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 8 where Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin was the backup pilot. William Anders retired on 1st September 1969.
At Austin is the capital of Texas, where Andrews County Airport can be found in Texas. It has a Spanish language and Houston as its largest city. 
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv, which is managed by Oleh Luzhny. Il y a member of FC Samtredia, whose ground is o Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium.
Hypermarcas - a pharmaceutical drugs, which is located in Sao Paulo, Brazil. Il giudice dei president of the Supreme Federal Court c'est l'idéal governor Brésil. 
Ab Klink, a member of the House of Representatives, was born in Stellendam. He attended Leiden University and worked as Member of The Christian Democratic Appeal.
14L/32R is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport. 
Alvah Sabin a member of the Whig Party in the United States, which has Daniel Webster as its leader. Il y's largest city is Burlington, Vermont.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which were constructed in 1913, are located in Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 and has a reference number 87000823.
Il-Afghanistan Al Asad is operated by the United States Air Force, where Lockheed AC-130 and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon are an aircraft fighter. L-Aviation Force in America (United States), which fought at the bombing of Libya on 1986.
At 211 metres above sea level, Ashgabat is located in Ashbagt. It has a runway length of 3800.0 and an elevation of 211 km/h.
Asser Levy Public Baths, which were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 and are located at Asser Ley Place and East 23, East. Its reference number is 80002709. It was aggiunto all'Aser Lee Street et East 23.
Arem-arem is a region nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. 
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore, where they are beef kway teow and Indonesia. 
L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. Sauli Niinisto and Juha Sipilä is a leader in Finnmark. 
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors. 
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary, where Doris Bures is a leader. He died in Autriche.
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins. 
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. It has a coden code ATSET. 
Arròs negre is a grantur de Catalonia, in Spain. Il y contains saquid as an ingredient.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane. It is available in hardcover and has an OCLC number 318875313., Dian Deane, authored A-Wizard de Mars (published in Hardcover), it has the ISBN number 31,4075313.
Addis Ababa, Addis-Ababa in Ethiopia, where the leader is Mulatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn. Etiopia's leaders are Mayu Tussem et Adaj.
John van den Brom, a manager of AZ Alkmaar, whose owner is Robert Eenhoorn. He plays for Istanbulspor A.S. and manages AFC Ajax.
Auburn, Alabama is a part of the United States where Washington D.C. is the capital.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, which is a town of Mendirjio in Switzerland. It has 100 academic staff and dean Mario Botta.
A.F.C. Fylde has 31180 members and their home ground is the Ilde. 
A Wizard of Mars, a hardcover, has an ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 and is available in Hardcover., The ISBN Number of A wizard of March (ISBN number 0-204770-2) is978-20-4770-2.
Ashgabat International Airport, which is located in Ashgabata, has a runway length of 3800.0., Ascheggiamento Aascheggiamenti Atlanta Inc. It is situated at Ash Gabot, et it's 3700.0 metres long.
A.S. Roma, a full name Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A and has 70634 members. It play in the Serie A 2014-15 season. 
Alfred Garth Jones, a Manchester in England, was born in Manchester, England. He died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, London where Boris Johnson is a leader. Il y's place of defeadh London, which was led by Gordon Johnson. 
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, where the capital city is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. Adisham Hall comes from Thayra. Is a Tamil language and it can be found in Halidale (Sri Lanka).
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and was awarded the Purple Heart.
Alexandria, Indiana is part of Madison County, in Indiana, United States. Anderson is the largest city in a state.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road; Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar., L'Institiúid de Teicneolaíochta Accademia (Birja), Birja, Karnataka,India. In 2000, it is governed by Dr J.G.P
Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil are the main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce. 
Aaron Deer is a member of The Horns of Happiness and has collaborated with the musical artist. 
Alison O'Donnell commence active in 1963. He is associated with Mellow Candle and Head South By Weaving. She was a performer folk music, whose musical genre is folk. Alison De'donnell began his career en 1963.
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen II and VfL Wolfsburg. He formerly a member of SV Weder Brebner II. 
Antioch, California a total area of 75.324 square kilometres, has an UTC offset of -7 and it has the area code 925. Antioch's population is 102372 (square km).
Anders Osborne, a member of Tab Benoit, is associated with Billy Iuso and Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. He was affiliated with Tab Binoit and בילי Juso.
James Craig Watson, a nationality of Canada, discovered 101 Helena on 15 August 1868. He attended the University of Michigan and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
L'Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Milan, is a related means of transport to the Fiat Croma. Il y assembled en Milan.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and has a four-stroke engine. It is powered by l'Alco RS-3, which was constructed by the Montreal Lokomotive works.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney, which is served by Alderny. 
The A-Rosa Luna, which was commanded on 22nd April 2004, is 125800.0 millimetres long. It has a ship length of 125.8600 millimetris and it had been made on 20th April 2004.
L'Acharya Institute of Technology in India was established in 2000. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar., Il-Istituto Acharya, Inc. In India, operated in 2000. Il-U.S. I.D. J.P. Kapithimokar, and it is affilied to the Vives Varaya Tecnological University.
Hypermarcas, which is located in Brazil, produce dei drugs., In Brasil, Hypermarcais produce drogas.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., which has Douglas R Oifigian as its key persona. 
L'Istituto Acharya, Karnataka, India, was established in 2000. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. In Soldevanahalli (Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road), Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090. Its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar.
Ace Wilder was born in Svezia, Sweden. He is a solo singer and has been signed to the Warner Music Group., Ye razza dei singing sequels (whose originated in Suja), became active in Stockholm.
James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada, discovered 101 Helena. His Alma mater was the University of Michigan and died in Madison, Wisconsin. He deceased peritonitis.
Alex Day performs Synthpop which has its stylistic origins in disco.
Adare Manor is a food found in the Republic of Ireland. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov, a member of FC Dynamo Moscow, was born on 24th February 1989. He played for FC Kuban Krasnodar and he formerly plays for the club Dinamo Moscou.
Albany, Oregon is a part of Linn County, Oregon, in the United States. Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group from the U.S.
Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States, where Paul Ryan leads. 
1101 Clematis, a epoch date of 31 December 2006, has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an apoapsis of 520906000.0 km. 
Meyer Werft built the AIDAstella, which was designed by Meyer Werf., Mer Werfl builders the Aidastella a'm er constructed by Mayer Wirft. 
N.R. Pogson, a nationality of England, discovered 107 Camilla on 17 November 1868 and died in Chennai., In Nottingham, N. R. Pggson is an England national whose birthplace was Newtingham. L'enquêteur dei (107) Camille s'ha scoperta on the 17th Novembre 1865.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders. 
At serves the city of Athens, a l'aeroporto is located in Spata. L'arrivée degli Aontais International Airport (part of Spate).
A Wizard of Mars, published in hardcover, was written by Diane Duane. It has an OCLC number 318875313 and an ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
Alan Bean, a test pilot, was born on 15 March 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He is an American of the U.S.A. and became part of Apollo 12 operated by NASA.
Alan Bean a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA, where David Scott was commander. Alan Bean fought in an Apollo 12, which had Alfred Worden as backup pilot. 
A Long Long Way, followed by The Secret Scripture. It is a language of Great Britain and it comes from the English language, which was spoken in Great Gran Bretagna. 
Dan Mishkin created Bolt, Larry Bolatinsky and Paris Cullins.
Bandeja paisa - la region Paisa, Colombian. Il y compris red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Hypermarcas, Inc. is a pharmaceutical company in the industry of Pharmaceuticals and produces cosmétiques.
AIDA Cruises are located in Rostock.  The AIDA Crocs is a location of ROstock.
Anaheim, California has a area code 657., L'area code of Anaheim in California is 657.
Gary Cohn created Bolt, a comic character (Bolt) o Paris Cullins.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, where Joko Widodo and Jéhoodo are leaders. Y's currency is the rupiah indonesian. It comes from Javanese cuisine.
L'Alan B Miller Hall, Virginia, Illinois, United States, is a tenant of the Mason School of Business. L'Alban School de Business in Virginia (United States).
 Rodrigo Duterte is a leader of the Philippines, where Rodrigu Duitleri is president. 
10 Hygiea, formerly known as A900 GA, has an epoch date of June 27th 2015.
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons, which is owned by Arthur Blank., Arthur Blank was a مالك of Atlanta Eagles and he made his debut for AkeeemDent. 
Frederick, Maryland is the location of the Monocacy National Battlefield which was established on 11th July 1907. It is categorised as Historic districts in the U.S.A. and it is operated by the National Park Service.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis. He served as a test pilot.
ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups. It has an anthem called The Star Spangled Banner. 
Abel Caballero's in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch. 
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova., The birth place of Andrew Rayell is chisinau (Moldova).
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 737 academic staff., Il's school of business and sociali at an Asservator University is 737, it had 737 student staff.
Aleksandr Prudnikov, a member of FC Kuban Krasnodar, was born on 24 February 1989. He played for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kovan krasnodar. , Aleksandr Pudnikov (born on Feb 24th 1989) formerly plays for the FC Penan Kwakrasnodar but he is attached to FC Karpan Klukow.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of Kota Samarahan. 
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonésie, ma c'est più specific per Java.
Alan B. Miller Hall, Virginia, is owned by the College of William & Mary, whose chancellor was Robert Gates.
Alessio Romagnoli played for A.S. Roma in Serie A, a youth team of AS Roma. 
Frank G Jackson is a leader in Cleveland, Ohio, United States. , 200 Public Square s'est located in Chicago, U.S.A. He is led by Frank G J Jackson.
Aaron Deer, Indianapolis, Indiana, is a Psychedelia solo singer. He originated in Indiana (Indian), where he has background as saxophone solitario. 
Atlanta, a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre, has l' area code 404, 678, 470 and 347.1 sq km., The total area of Atlanta (led by Atlanta) is 344.1 sq Km/km. It has an areacode 404- 678 et 470; it has 129.0 people per Square kilometer.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas and it has a runway length of 3500.0.
Agnes Kant, a nationality of the Netherlands, is istituit by Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer. Agnes Kant belonged to the Socialist Party (Netherlands) where it has red as its colours.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl, y has 5300 members. It is located in Italy and it was a total name of A.S. gubbiO 1910 which hails in 2014.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Vladimir Putin is a leader. 
Alan Martin played football for Clyde F.C. whose home ground is Fir Park and its manager is Barry Ferguson.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for PAS Tehran F.C., and he plays for the PAS Taehran FC., Had Kadhimi Assade formerly is a member of PAS Teheran FC.
Chinabank a net income of 15100000000.,  Chinabank's net-income is 15,00000000.
Albennie Jones performs jazz music which originated from blues and has its stylistic origins in Jazz. 
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957. A student of an MA in 1959 and died in California.
L'Université 1 Decembrie 1918 s'inscrit in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is a leader. It is led by Prime Minister of Romania. L'université dei 1 Decreti 1918 f'est en Roumanie.
Adonis Georgiadis, aDeputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping, worked as the Sous-Ministre for Développement., Administrat ad Adonis Gérardis is Vice Minister For Development (Contrevinss et Shipping).
Auron, a person of Americans, was created by Walt Simonson and Karl Kesel.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Artur Rashizade. Il Memorial turco Martyrs dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. 
Ajoblanco n'est found in Spain, where Felipe VI of Spain is a leader. Ajoblanco originates from Spain. Il y uses the Euro as its currency and l'euro comes from an euro.
Beef kway teow, which is a food found in Singapore and Indonesia. It's main ingredients include: Kway Teow (b), beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shreed, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, an oyster sesame oil, or chilli and sesamo oil.
Elliot See, a member of NASA in 1962, died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis. He was selected by NASA en 1962.
 Vica - manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense. 
Bill Oddie e's child was Kate Hardie. 
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe leads Sri Lanca., Sri Lanka's leader is Ranyl Wickrémesiague and it is situated in an east Province of Sri-Lingheria.
Alex Day e's genre is Synthpop, which originated from new wave music and has its stylistic origins in New Wave. 
(19255) 1994 VK8, which has an orbital period of 8788850000.0, has a periapsis de 615591000000.0 and an escape velocity of 0.0925 km/s. Its epoch date is 31 December 2006.
Adam Koc, a nationality of Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. J. Stalin commanded la Pologne–Soviet war.
The bronze Atatürk Monument (Izmir) is made of bronze. 
Alfons Gorbach, a married to Imst, was born in Ist County of Tyrol. He died in Graz.
Aaron Turner, a defunted in 1995, fought in Massachusetts. He is associated with Twilight and the Lotus Eaters band.
At ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is African Americans. L'Americans are known as americans and l'Union includes an affiliation ethnique degli Stati Uniti. 
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart which has frangipana. 
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, which is led by the Labour Party (UK) and died in Sidcup, London. Il y a governed by an European Parliament.
Aaron Turner a member of the House of Low Culture and is associated with Mamiffer. He plays Electric guitar in Black metal, whose fusion genre is Death metal.
Baked Alaska is a dessert and it can be served as an ingredient. 
The Apollo 14 was operated by NASA. 
Alex Plante, a member of Anyang Halla, was born in Manitoba in 1989. In 1989, he formerly played football for Asang halla.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and is 17068.8 millimetres in length. It has 12 cylinders, a cylindre count of 12.
Albert B. White, who died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, was succeeded by William M O Dawson and became a successor of Albert B White. 
Gus Poyet played for AEK Athens FC., AgsPoyet's club is Ajax Athens F.C., and he plays for the club (Gospoyet).
 1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95060.0. 
William Anders, a British Hong Kong was born on 17 October 1933. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. de 1962 and retired on 1st September 1969. William Anders became pilot pholyتاني.
The AMC Matador is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It has a station wagon and an alternative name VAM Classic. Il's body style can be found at Thame,Nouvelle-Zelanda.
Arlington, Texas is part of Texas where English is one of the languages and Arlington. 
Arlington, Texas is part of Tarrant County in Texas, where Austin is the capital and Houston is an largest city.
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. (corporation) is therefore employed by the CEO and b'e-príomhghestionnaire. 
Eric Flint, born in Burbank, California, authored 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was preceded by 1635: La Baltic War., Eclin (Burbank) California is the birthplace of EricFlint and it was written by Eric Falint. It was followed by sequel to 1516: Il-Baltic war. 
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Tecnico Education in Mumbai, Mumbai. Il y offers tennis as well as an International Tennis Federation.
Amdavad ni Gufa is a food found in India, where T. S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders. Amdavad Ni GUFA comes from India. It is led by Tu.S.Thakur et Sua Jayajana. 
Adonis Georgiadis a was in office while Antonis Samaras became Prime Minister and Konstantinos Mitsotakis successor. 
Attica, Indiana is part of Indiana where the capital is Indianapolis. Attica is in Indiana whose capital city is New Zealand. 
In the United Kingdom, British people are a n-monym of one of the nations. 
Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, Greece. He worked as Minister for Health and is a minister for the Health.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin, Grand Chute. It is a part of Grand Cute in Wisconsin. 
Ice cream is a variation of desserts. 
Abilene, Texas - part of Texas, in the U.S. Austin is a capital and has Houston as its largest city.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, a governed by Vica, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions. It has 17000 members and it competed in Brazil.
 Silvio Berlusconi - a chairman of A.C. Milan, which is governed by AC Milan. 
 Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States., Saranac Lake (New York) comes from the U.S.A.
Walter Baade, aménagtaithe all'université Göttingen, died in Gottingen. Walter baade was born in the German Empire and his alma mater f'Université Gttingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed.
Trane, a subsidiary, was founded in La Crosse Wisconsin. Il's total area is 58.38 and it has an area of 56.38.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington, in the U.S. where Auburn can be found. Il's capital is Washington D.C.
ACF Fiorentina play in Serie A, Italy. It is a member of the Italian League. 
Akeem Ayers formerly played for the Tennessee Titans and was a draft pick of 39. He fought on 3rd round, but his draft Pick is 39.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where the leader is Tabaré Vázquez and Daniel Martínez. Il y's leaders are called Uruguayans.
Alan Frew, a solo singer, performs rock music. Rock music originated from blues and country music but bhangra is an element of fusion genre partly debhogra.
The average speed of 1036 Ganymed is 16.86 km per sec., (1036) Ganimed has an amount of 16,86 kilometres per second.
HIV - razza Lentivirus. 
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for Steel Azin F.C. and Al-Naft. He is a member of the Al Naft club. 
Chinabank, which was founded in Manila, Philippines, is located in the insular Government of the Philippine Islands.,  Chinabank (founded at Imparar Gouvernement Insular des Illinois). L'inférior Government de laphilippe Islands are a subsidiary government.
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia, where Jusufkola is the leader. 
Columbus Blue Jackets are located in Columbus, Ohio.  The Cleveland Blue Coats are found in the city of Cumberland (Ohio). 
Spanish is a language spoken in Mexico, where they speak Spanish. 
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of Antonis Samaras, who was born in Athens, became in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis is Vice-Ministre. Makis Voridis succeeded Adonis Gérard's successor and Aleksandros Venizelos as Prime Minister.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England, where the Labour Party (UK) is a leader of Manchester.
Adam Koc, a nationality of Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. Leon Trotsky commanded all'Polish–Soviet war.
 Dublin is part of Leinster and Dublin includes Leenster. 
Stuart Parker (footballer) played for Bury F.C.
The ISSN number of AIP Advances is 2158]. 
The Antares rocket, manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, has a diametre of 3.9 metres. It was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and had its maiden flight on 28th October 2014.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is signed to RCA Records. He performs Zamba (art form) and has l'orchest de la solitude.
Bhajji is a food found in India, where T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders. 
L'aer Antwerp International Airport, which serves the city of Aerts, is owned by Flemish Region. L'Operating organisation for l'Allemish Department of Mobility and Public Works, operates it n'il lemish department de mobility and public works.
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow, which was managed by Valery Petrakov. It plays in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League and fought in 2014.
Arros negre is a food found in Spain, where Felipe VI of Spain is the leader. Arròs Negre comes from it. Is Spanish is one of the languages spoken there.
Il Memorial turco Martyrs, Baku, a red granite and white marble, was natively known as Türk Şehitleri Aniti. It is made in red Granite et white marbre. 
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria, where Doris Bures is a leader. He died in Graz. L'Austrian German language is Austrian german.
B.V. Doshi e'l architect of Amdavad ni Gufa, which was designed by B. V Deshi. 
Alan Bean, a test pilot, was born in Wheeler, Texas. He graduated from UT Austin, B.S. 1955. In 1955, Alan Bean became an Apollo 12 crew operated by NASA and David Scott.
Bill Everett was awarded Eisner Award. 
F. Vilas discovered 107 Camilla, which was founded by F VilaS.
Akeem Priestley's club is FK Mughan. 
John Valor is an alternative name for the Black Pirate, which was created by Sheldon Moldoff. , Jen Valor (or Jon Valor) - a new name of the black Pirate quelqu'un degli creators Shuldon Modoff and Shelddon moldoff.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia in 1987. 
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero a l'Operating organisation for Afonso Pena. 
Il Claude Bartolone is a leader in France, where Barny Cakes can be found. Il y include sponge cake and are typical French language.
Agnes Kant a worked in the House of Representatives in Netherlands. 
Il Memorial turc Martyrs' in Baku, Azerbaijan, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner. , Türk Şehitleri Aniti - turk memorial kurders' located in Azerbaïdjan. Its native name is Turk SehitleriAniti.
AmeriGas, a company in the energy industry, operated by AmeriGas. It is part of the United States and has an operating income of $380,700,000.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, which was given to the All India Council for Technical Education, had its official school colour blue, white and orange. It was underd by all-India Council per التطوير Technique., Il-Accademia Deistruzione Accademia dei tecnologie hails from Blue, White and Orange as well as a student's official School colour.
Carl A Wirtanen was the discoverer of (29075) 1950 DA. 
Ahmet Ertegun, a rhythm and blues musician. Rhythm and Blues originated from blues and disco is derived from Disco. In the United States, there are an ethnic group called African Americans.
Ace Wilder's record label is EMI Records. It was signed to EMI Record label., A Ace Ayers, which has been jointly a member of the EMIrecords label.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis are leaders. Is a Greek language of the country. 
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy, where the capital city is Rome. Il soggiorno arrabbiata sauce can be found in Sardegna. Insomma, Italians are l'idiot dei nostri paesi.
L'Ariane 5 a launch site ELA-3 is located at Guiana Space Centre in France, French. L' Ariane 5 was launched on the 3rd of July 2005.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. It has a 21.2 m long ship beam, and it was constructed at the Arc Tech Helsinki Boatyard.
3Arena a Dublin, Poblacht na Repubblica irlandaise. Críona Ní Dhálaigh is the leader of Dublin in an Republic of Ireland. 3Arena devrait être owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
Julia Morgan, a New York born in California. Julia Morgan was an architect of the Asilomar Conference Grounds and is attached to Hearst Castle as well as Chinatown, San Francisco. J'ai designed un important édifice de la Cavern-Art Museum.
Bandeja paisa s'inscrit in the Antioquia Department of Colombia, Colombia. Bandeja paisa is a food found in this region.
Addiction (journal) - abbreviated to Addiction, is a member of LCCN number 93645978. It has an ISSN number 1360-0443.
James Craig Watson, a nationality of Canada, discovered 101 Helena. It has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Bananaman broadcast by STV. It is a radiodiffused by Bananaman.
Atlanta is a part of Georgia in the U.S., where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. Atlanta is situated in Georgia (United States).
Airey Neave started service in 1935. , Airey Niave began service en 1935.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, was published in E-book. It has 512 pages. 
Il '11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and it is categorised as a contributing property. Carroll County, Maryland is to the southeast of Adams County (United States).
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, which had a wheelbase of 2160.0 millimetres, was produced in 1958. It has an impressive body style de two door coupé and its straight-four engine. 
Aleksandra Kovac, whose genre is rhythm and blues, was associated with Bebi Dol and K2 (Kovač Sisters duo).
Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow, which is managed by Valery Petrakow. 
 Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States. 
 Cornell University has a nickname of Cornl Big Red. 
Amarillo, Texas is part of Randall County, Ohio in the U.S. Amériques are an ethnic group de Native Americans.
200 Public Square a completion date of 1985. It was completed in 1985.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where English is the language. 
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989. He formerly played for New England Patriots and the Tennessee Titans. Desidered to be a member of the Nue Anglinitensi.
Akeem Ayers formerly played for the Los Angeles Rams, which is located in los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. He was coached by Mike Mularkey and made his debut with the Tennessee Titans. 
Aaron Turner, a Black metal musician, is associated with Twilight band and Elliot. He plays Electric guitar in black metal whose fusion genre is Death metal.
Alfred N. Phillips fought in the American Civil War and became a member of the United States Army. 
Bananaman first aired on 3rd October 1983. 
Alan Frew performs rock music, which originated from country music and folk music. It has its stylistic origins in Folk music but it is a genre of Rock.
Alvah Sabin, a member of the Secretary of State of Vermont, was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce. 
Ajoblanco, a food found in Andalusia, hails almond and is an ingredient in Ajoblanco. 
Led by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins is a leader in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is the leader. Ildistinguished le journal AIDS (journal) comes from the U.K. It has London as its capital.
The Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels., A1 (assemblé en Audi, Bruxelles).
L'Audi A1, manufactured by Audi, is related to the SEAT Ibiza and Volkswagen Polo. L'apparecchiature VW Polo are relatives all'adoption of Audi A1.
Auburn, a part of Pierce County, Washington, in the U.S. A.C. is led by Washington DC.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957. Il y a became selected by NASA in 1959 and died in California.
Austin, Texas is a part of Williamson County in Texas, where the county seat is Georgetown. Austin and Houston are an largest city.
Alba Iulia is a part of Romania in Romania. 
Aaron Boogaard, a member of Wichita Thunder, was born in Regina, Saskatchewan. He is 1.905 m tall and plays for wichita Viking.
Bionico, which is a food found in Jalisco, Mexico. Il y contains raisins and it comes from the region of Jillo-Mexique. 
Lerney serves Alderney, l'Atrangerney. La 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733.0.
The Atlas II had a final flight on 16th March 1998.  Atlas II's last flight was on Mar 16, 1998.
AIP Advances, published by the American Institute of Physics, was edited by A.T. Charlie Johnson in the U.S.A.R.I.F.C. and is a member of the United States. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas, is operated by ENAIRE. It has a runway name 18R/36L and length of 3500.
Ayam penyet s'est found in Java, where Halimah Yacob is a leader. Ayam Penyet comes from the region of Singapore. It has an ethnic group called Banyumasan people and its language is English.
Adisham Hall, which was completed in 1931, is located in Sri Lanka. It's architectural style of Tudor Revival and it has commenced on 1931.
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, which was established in 1928, has 737 academic staff. Il y a student population de 16 000 u 15 000 students. 
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where Barack Obama leads. In English and African Americans are an ethnic group.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, which is located in the city Mendirjio (Suisse), has 600 students and 100 academic staff. It was dean Mario Botta.
Andrew White's musician is alternative rock, a fusion genre Nu metal. Andrew White performs Alternative rock and nu metal.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a nationality of the United States, was born in New Britain (Connecticut) e married to Ruth Ribickoff. Abraham A'r Ribcoff is an U.S. whose ethnic group is Native Americans. 
Ann Arbor, Michigan is part of Michigan in the United States. Ann
Bhangt Budapest is located in Hong Kong, Hungary. 
Albany, Georgia is a part of Dougherty County,Georgia, in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans. Il Mayor hails l'autorité degli Stati Uniti.
Aaron S. Daggett, a Maine, was born in Mained. He fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and became awarded the Purple Heart. 
L'Allama Iqbal International Airport, Punjab, Pakistan, is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. Il y serves Lahore in Pakistan. Anwar Zaheer Jamali is a leader of Pakistan.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport, operated by ENAIRE, is located in Madrid. Its runway name is 14L/32R and it has a length of 4349.0. It is 610 metres above sea level.
Il's variation of Barny Cakes is cioccolato. 
L'Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Punjab, Pakistan. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. Shehbaz Sharif is a leader in Pakistan (il y l'Il-Lahore).
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, which is located in Belgium. It is led by Philippe of Belgium.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport located in Madrid. It has a runway name 14L/32R and is 410.0 meters long. 
L'Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka, where they were given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Tecnico Education at Mumbai. It is governed by International Tennis Federation and it has its west to the Arabian Sea.
Swords, Dublin is led by the County Manager. Swords - Dublin's title of leader is the municipal manager. 
A Wizard of Mars, a published by Diane Duane, has an OCLC number 308475413]., Dian Deane is the author of A wizard de Mars (OCLC Number: 364575413).
 1097 Vicia, which has a temperature of 171.0 kelvins, has an apoapsis of 511592000.0 (kilometres). Its escape velocity is 0.0112 km per sec. It hails 171 Kelvins and it had an apsis de 5115992000,0 km. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a Minna, was born in mina. He worked as Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria).
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, a led by the European Parliament. It is governed by The European Parlaimint. 
Arrabbiata sauce is a sórt of Rome, in Italy. Arrabbiata includes chili pepper and it comes from Rome. 
Il sórt Amatriciana is a sauce in Lazio, Italy. Il y includes Guanciale, guanciale, cheese, olive oil.
At serves Amsterdam, Schiphol, a runway length of 3500.0, is 33528 metres above sea level. 
Walter Baade, a national of Germany, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He graduated from the University of Gottingen. Walter baade was an Alma mater in Göttingen.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka. It is situated in the Agra District of Aspara.
A ethnic group in the Philippines is the Pangasinense people. 
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is a leader in Pakistan.  Anwarzaheer jamali leads Pakistan.
Lega Pro/A, y have 4150 members. A.C. Lumezzane fought in the 2014 season and is a member of 4770 fans. 
Bionico, y compris granola, is a type of dessert. Bionico comes from sequel to cérémonie. Granola is an ingredient in bionico. 
Andrews County Airport serves Andrews, Texas. It is 973.0 metres above sea level and it has a runway name 11/29. Its length is 896.0., 11/29 is the name of l'Atroport named 11/29.
(66063) 1998 RO1, which has an epoch date of 4 November 2013, had an orbital period of 360.29 days and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres. Its escape velocity is 0.0999 km/s per sec., The celestial body known as (660631998 RO1) hails it on the 4th December 2013; it has ad hoc feidhm ar 260.29 day in orbitel period 36.29 days
Allan Shivers, a member of the Democratic Party in the United States, was born in Lufkin, Texas. He worked as Governor of Texas and he represented Price Daniel.
James Craig Watson, a nationality of Canada, discovered 103 Hera on 27th August 2011 and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the university of Tex system. Si' he died in St Louis.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, Indonesia. 
L-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany, where Stanislaw Tillich is a leader. L-A Rosa Luna comes from rostock (Allemagne). Il-homer dei Germans are called germans.
Julia Morgan, a California born in California. Julia Morgan designed degli édifices importants commençant le Asilomar Conference Grounds and Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. Il y ajoutent d'importantes constructions come from the Riverside Art Museum.
(19255) 1994 VK8, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, has a mass of 5.6 kg. Its orbital period is 8788850000.0 and its periapsis is 6155910000000.0.
Alan Bean, a US national, was born in Wheeler, Texas. He operated Apollo 12 by NASA and David Scott as an commander. Alan Bean is retired.
Bacon sandwich, which is also known as bacon butty, Bacon sarnie, Rasher Sandwich, baco sanger, piece 'n barm, bocon cob, bcon bar m, and bacion muffin. It has an ingredient of bread. 
Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, Greece. He worked at the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism (Grecia), operated by Makis Voridis.
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, Denmark, is affiliated with the European University Association. It was established in 1928; it has 737 academic staff. Il y a student who are 16 000 students. L'école devrait être istituita en 1928 et l'Istituto dipartimental tal-Aarhus (An Olanda).
GMA New Media is the parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal, which was parented by GMA new media. 
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad. 
Ajoblanco, a alternative name of Ajoblanco is Ajo Blanco.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He fought in the American Civil War, where he awarded the Purple Heart.
Ahmet Ertegun, a Rhythm and blues musician, was born in 1923 in Washington D.C. In the U.S. A.R.A. He became part of non performing personnel.
Alvah Sabin ended his active years on 3rd March 1857., Ilva Abh Sabin, started his career on 03/03/1857.
The inauguration date of Akita Museum of Art was on 28 October 2013 and it was inaugurated on the 28th September 2013.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635: La Cannon Law. 
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes. 
Agustin Barboza, who died in Asunción, Gran Asuncion, Paraguay. Juan Afara is a leader in Buenos Aires. Agustin Barboz passed away in Saoncion (part of gran Asunciones).
Adam Koc, who was born in Congress Polonia Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. Leon Trotsky is a commander in this war.
Alberto Teisaire, born on May 5th 1891 in Mendoza, Argentina. He a profession of Rear-Ammiral and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Beef kway teow is a food found nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia, where Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders.
The Acura TLX has a 3.5 litres engine. 
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, was preceded by Grantville Gazette III. 
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cape Town is the capital. Ils are an ethnic group of south Africa and Asian South Africans who are one of the nations called White SouthAfricans.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, in Indiana, where Native Americans are an ethnic group. In the U.S.A. includes l'Alban americans and one of the types of ethnological groups comes from Angola.
Bill Oddie, a Lancashire, was born in Lancrashire and starred in Bananaman.
Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy, which has a Chicken as one of its ingredients. 
Anders Osborne, a Rhythm and Blues musician, is signed to Rabadash Records. Anders Osborn performs rhythm and blues music.
3Arena a East Link Bridge is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. It is situated at East link Bridge. 
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland on 9 September 1995. He became a member of the U.K.N.Y.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members. 
Arròs negre is a food found in the region of the Valencian Community, where Cuttlefish is an ingredient.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., which is a member of the Serie A where Juventus F.C. and Juventus FC are champions. 
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where John Roberts was a leader. It has an ethnic group called African Americans and it is led by President of the U.S. In which English is the language spoken.
Amdavad ni Gufa located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. T S Thakur is a leader of India where they are leaders. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a Nigerian born in Niger State, worked as Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria).
Albany, Oregon is a country in the United States.,  Albany (Oregon) comes from the U.S.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the City Admin. It is a title of the city Administrator. 
A Glastonbury Romance, which is available in hardcover, has an OCLC number 76798317 and an ISBN number of 0-67156-3648-0., Il'l'OCLC Number 7679817, A Glastonebury (ISBN number 978-0--676-13-78-0).
FC Terek Grozny is a home ground in Grotzny. 
Addis Ababa City Hall, which is 42 m in height, it has the current tenants governed Addis-Ababa. It has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres and an elevation of 42m.
Austria, where Austrian German is one of the languages spoken, comes from. 
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run and took part. 
Albennie Jones performs jazz music, which originated from blues and Afrobeat. Afrobeat is a fusion genre of Jazz.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Singapore, Singapore. Y's Baduy are an ethnic group of Java where Ayam Penyet comes from.
Il's ground is Parc Olympique Lyonnais where they are located. 
L'Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. It has a runway name of South Runway.
Buzz Aldrin a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA.
Alan Shepard, who died on 21 July 1998, in California. Dianne Feinstein is a senatore of California, y defeadh le 21st August 1998. 
Alison O'Donnell, a jazz musician, plays autoharp and performs jazz.
1099 Figneria, a periapsis of 349206000000,0 and an epoch date 31 December 2006.
L'AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors, was designed by 3XN. It is owned by Bella Center and tenant by Marriott International. Il y a had 23 Floors in Copenhagen., 3XN were the architects of AC Hotelbella Sky Copenhague (part of Bella Centre) e l'intermédiaire de Bella center et id'il n'll u t&r o 
ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and White Americans are an ethnic group. Il y a national anthem is The Star Spangled Banner.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, which has 17000 members, is the full name of Agremiação Sicarioque. It has 17 000 members and it's totally known as Awgremiacao Sampeonato Arapiriquenne., Federal name degli Acferiação Sequestrali Arpiraquinse (abbreviated to Acemiacion) Saporiquerense.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, became a member of Barisan Ra'ayat JatiSarawak. He represented sarawak and belongs to the Partie Ba'Arif Yati Tarawak.
Arròs negre, a Catalonia in Spain, hails arròs Negre. Il y comprise Cubanelle is an ingredient of white rice, cuttlefish or squid,cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez's club is A.D. Isidro Metapan, and he plays for AC Idir Metapán. 
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes. 
Chinabank a service of banking services. Chinabank's net income is 15100000000. It has an revenue net de 15,00000000.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Danimarca. 
GMA New Media, a mass media, produces mobile applications. Il's produzione is mobile apps.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Finland, Finland. 
Abel Hernández played for Hull City A.F.C., which is managed by Steve Bruce. Abel Handez formerly a member of the F.FC. C.I.K.
Meyer Werft, l'AIDAstella is 253260.0 millimetres long and operated by AIDA Cruises. It has a top speed of 38.892 km/h; it was built by Meyer Werfl. Its ship beam is 32.2, its topspeed is 38892 m.
Alex Plante, a member of Anyang Halla, was born on May 9th 1989 in Brandon, Manitoba. He played football for the clubAnyang halla.
Ayam penyet s'est found nationwide in Java, where Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. It can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore.
Akeem Priestley's youth club is the Jacksonville Dolphins. 
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Illinois, in the U.S. Y's county seat is Opelika and it has an ethnic group as African Americans.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport which is located in Madrid, Spain. It is 610 metres above sea level and it has a runway length of 3500.0., Asroport Adolfo SuarezMadrid–Barrajas situated at Madrid (part of the community of Madrid) in Spain.
James Craig Watson, who was originated from Canada, discovered 101 Helena. He died in Madison, Wisconsin. , James Craig (Watson) is a Canadian born in Canada and defought in New York.
Allen Forrest, a solo singer, performs pop music. He is devenu solo singer.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre. 
Asilomar Conference Grounds, which are located in Pacific Grove, California, were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987. It is a reference number 87000823 and it was ajouted to an January 27th 1987.
The AIDAluna is a Sphinx class cruise ship.  L'Aidaluna, semplificated by l'Arianx Class Cruise Ship.
Baymax, created by Duncan Rouleau, Americans. It is a character of Big Hero 6 and starred Jamie Chung.
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and it has a ship type of Cruise Ship. It is 125.8600 millimetris in length. 
Batagor, siomay e Shumai is a food found in Indonesia. Shiitake is an ingredient in the variation of Batagor (en Indonésie).
Anders Osborne, a guitarist, is associated with Johnny Sansone. He was signed to Okeh Records and he performs rock music. Anders Osborn plays or bhangra (music) whose musical genre is rock.
11/29 is the name of a runway name at Andrews County Airport. 
At 210 metres above sea level, l'aeroporto Regional County Alpena is located in Wilson Township, Lafia County, Michigan. It has a runway length of 1533.0 and it is 210 m long. 
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versu the Scrivener's Bones., Letz-Atzl-Otjll-Buns, it had been followd by Albutravers Versum the Labyrinth Potterans.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, which has 1500 members, competed in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP and y have 1500 member. 
ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where Americans are known as americans. It has an ethnic group of White American and one of its types is white American.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Tab. 
Jusuf Kalla - leaders in Indonesia, where Joko Widodo is a leader. Il-y compris Arem-arem.
Allan Shivers fought in World War II and fecame a member of the Battles. 
Akita Museum of Art, which was inaugurated on 28 October 2013, has 3 floors. It has a total area of 3746.66 square metres.
A Loyal Character Dancer is a food found in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. 
RCA Records, which is distribued by Legacy Recordings, is a distribution company of RCA record. 
Cármen Lúcua - the leader of Brazil. 
Alvah Sabin, a governed in Vermont, Illinois. He died in Sycamore (Illinois) e fought in the 3rd Congressional District of Vuarmont. Burlington is l'immense city and became part of Saskatchewan.
James Craig Watson, a nationality of Canada, discovered 103 Hera., Il-Canadian James Craig (Watson) was an American who died in Canada.
Batchoy contains shrimp and is a food found in the Philippines. 
Poaceae, a class of Monocotyledon, or Commelinids. La 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made from Poaceae which are categorised as an order commelinid. 
Alan Martin, who was born on 1st January 1989. He played football for Aldershot Town F.C. and plays for Crewe Alexandra FC.
Alan B Miller Hall, Williamsburg, Virginia, owned by the College of William and Mary. It is located in Williamsbourg, Virginie. 
Albany, Georgia is a part of the state of Georgia in the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090, India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It was established in 2000 and its president is B.M. Reddy. 
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the largest city in Washtenaw County. Ann Orbit is an county of Michigan. 
Amarillo is a part of Potter County, Texas, in the U.S. Washington, D.C. C'est la capitale degli Stati Uniti, where Washington DC is the capital. 
Ajoblanco n'est from Andalusia in Spain, where Susana Diaz and Felipe VI are leaders. Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalussia. Il y compris Isabeliards.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was published in the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group., L'Atard Aftes the Illucinations originates from the U.S. which has l'English language but one of the genres ethniques degli Asiatiques. It comes from Alcatraz Versu the Labyrintans.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff. 
L'aeroporto Turkmenistan Airlines operates Ashgabat International Airport, which is located at 211 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 2989.0 and it is operated by Turkish Airlines.
Trane, a subsidiary in Ireland, was founded in La Crosse Wisconsin. Trane has 29,000 employees and is located in Dublin, Europe.
Alfred N. Phillips, who was born in Darien, Connecticut, worked as a Mayor of Stamford, CT., Il-Maired'Stamford (Connecticut), AlfredN. Princeton is the birthplace of Elliotn, New York.
Edmund J. Davis died in Austin, Texas. 
GMA New Media, a mass media industry, was founded on 1st January 2000 in GMA Network Center. Felipe Gozon is l'egida depuis 2000.
The mascot of the University of Texas at Austin is Hook'em (mascot). 
Andra, a solo singer, was born in Romania in 1986. She became active in the Rhythm and blues genre. Andra began her occupation as singing.
Bhajji is a food found in India, where T. S. Thakur and Indians are an Indian people. 
Ernie Colón, Puerto Ricans, is a nationality of Ernie Colon and Dan Mishkin. He created the comic character Bolt (or Larry Bolatinsky), which has an alternative name: لاري Bolattinsky. 
The Acura TLX, a type of luxury vehicle, is assembled at Marysville Auto Plant. It has an front-engine layout and Honda K engine.
Audi A1, assembled in Audi Brussels, has a 1.2 litre engine. It is an automobile style of coupe. L'apparecchiature degli Audi A1.
Alfons Gorbach, a t-Erol (state Tyrol), was born in Austria-Hungary. He died in Graz, Styria.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Ohio. 
Aleksandra Kovac, whose genre is pop music, was associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač. He plays Pop music.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka. 
Airey Neave, Knightsbridge, fought in the Battle of France. He became active on March 4th 1974 and began his career on 30th March 1979.
Alan Shepard, a test pilot, was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He is deceased.
L-Aviation Forces United States, which fought in the Korean War, operates Al Asad airbase. L-U.S. Air Force is l-Operating organisation for Lockheed AC-130; Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle.
Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikkou, Maroc. 
Adisham Hall s'inscrit in Sri Lanka, where the Tamil language is spoken.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 88 metres above sea level. 
Squid is an ingredient in Arròs negre, a typical ingredient. 
Il-parent company Wolters Kluwer, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins is published in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders. Il-l-L-U.K. (il-d'Elizabeth II) a governed by David Campbell.
(66063) 1998 RO1 - has a minimum temperature of -71.0 degré Celsius, an apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres. It hails 500.0 kelvins and its maximum temperature is 750.0 celsius. 
 Dublin is a part of the Republic of Ireland., Dublin (part of la Repubblica irlandais) comes from PoblachtIrlande.
Poaceae, a type of monocotyledon, is part of the order Commelinids. La 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) devait être surfaced by Poaceae who are categorised as Monocoyledon and division of flowering plant.
Il Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where Turk Sehitleri Aniti and Hilmi Guner are an native name of Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial. It was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Il y created Hüseyin Butuner and Halimi Güner. 
Roy D. Chapin Jr. Il AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, which was succeeded by Eagle (led by Chrysler).
Atlanta is a part of DeKalb County, Georgia in the U.S.A. Atlanta (part of dekalp County), Georgia, United States.
Bhajji contains gram flour and autres fritters made from wheat or corn flouri. It is similar to Pakora et altri pannelli, made of wagre or soyf.
300 North LaSalle, Illinois, has 60 floors ed is located in Illinois., Illinois 300 North LASalle (led by Illinois) hails 60 Floors.
Aleksander Barkov Jr played in the National Hockey League. 
The Acura TLX is manufactured by Honda, which has a Honda J engine., L'Acura TCLX (margadh Honda) hails from HondaJ Engine.
Auralkles, which is also known as Aurakles, was created by Len Wein. Lien Wein and became a member of the creators Aurakleis. 
Anaheim, California - la leader of Anaheim in California. It is a member of the United States House of Representatives which is part of New York Congress.
Alvah Sabin, who was born in Georgia, Vermont. He served as a Secretary of the State ofVermont and worked as an Deputy of Stáit Vormann. Il's largest city is Burlington.
L'Alaska Baked Alaska is a type of dessert. Il y compris Cookie and cookies are an ingredient in cookie. 
Alex Day, who started his musical career in 2006, was born London Borough of Havering. He is associated with Charlie McDonnell and Chameleon Circuit band.
Ilocano and Igorot are an ethnic group in the Philippines, where batchoy is a food. Y compris l'imigrazione dei paesi - Arabic. L'Ippocano et Ipocano peuvent obtenir jurisprudence Philippine English.
Abilene, Texas is a part of Texas. In the U.S. Washington D.C. and English is one of the languages spoken in Texas.
Aenir, a print publication, is written by Garth Nix. It has the OCLC number 45644811 and it was published in print.
Mondelez International created Barny Cakes. 
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl, y has 5300 members. It is affiliated with the Stadio Pietro Barbetti and it play in 2014.
Sergio Mattarella e'r leader in Italy, where Arrabbiata sauce can be found. It is a traditional Italian language and it is led by Sergio Matarella. 
Ab Klink, a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal Party, was born in the Netherlands. He attended Erasmus University Rotterdam and became part of Chrétien Affirmation.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Virginia DeMarce, is 512 pages. It has an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0 and it was published in E-book., Virginia De Marce is the author of 1634 Revallion which belongs to É-Book.
Abilene, Texas has a total area code 325. It is categorised as it's 325.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire, United States. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and became a crew member of Apollo 14 but died in California.
Arrabbiata sórt Arrabbiata in Rome, Italy. It is a regional region of Rome and its main ingredients includeTomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil.
Adenan Satem graduated from the University of Adelaide and attended l'Université di Adenadi. 
Abner played football for Real Madrid Castilla, which is managed by Luis Miguel Ramis and Coritiba Football Club., Mae Abner (footballer) formerly fought in the coritiba Foot Ball Club but he plays for real Madrid Catala whose manager is Luis Miens Ramis. 
Il-coach Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C., which is coached by Zan Tabah, c'est Qjan Tabh.
Tom Lyle created Blockbuster, a comic book character, Roger Stern and TomLyle. 
107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, was discovered by N.R. Pogson and it had an Epoch on 31st December 2006.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a food found in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans. It was published in Great Britain and it comes from English.
Celery is a member of the Apiaceae family, celery whose genre is Apium. Bakso can be found in base to Acery and an ingredient include Celery. 
Andra, a solo singer, is i genre Rhythm and Blues. Disco derives from rhythm and blues.
 Potter County, Texas is a state in Texas. 
L'AMC Matador, a model year 1974, is assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin. Il y includes the AMC Ambassador and l'Ambassade of Amérique latine.
Bhajji includes gram flour, vegetables and is a food found in the Karnataka region. Il y compris an ingredient dei bhajji; it comes from the Kadunan region of Bangalore.
L'Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, Aleksey Chirikov a built in Finland, where Finns are ainmneacha., The icebreaker (Alekkey Chiron) - l'arctique ship Helsinki operates en Finland and which is loin de Finners. 
The escape velocity of 1089 Tama is 0.0068 km per sec. It has an evasion velocity of 0,0068 kilometres per second. 
Luanda serves Luanda, l'aeroporto international Angola. It is 159 metres above sea level in Metres. 
The Antares rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It had its maiden flight on 9th January 2014, and it hails from an Mid Atlantic Regional spaceport.
20 Fenchurch Street commenced in janvier 2009 and it was built on Jan 2009.
A.S. Roma, which has 70634 members, is the full name of Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A.
Agra Airport is located in Agra, Agra.
Alison O'Donnell, a jazz musician, is signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings. Funk derives funk.
(66391) 1999 KW4, which has a density of 2.0 g/cubic centimetre, has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres and an average speed of 37.16 km per sec., The celestial body known as (66391 199 KW4) has 2,0 gram per cubic centimetres, it is associated with an amiapsis of 162رنو091.
Polizia includes un'ethnic group in the Romani people.  Il-Albany are one of the ethnic groups in Poland, which is a member of romani people.
Ajoblanco, a derivative name is Ajo Blanco, originates from Spain in Spain. Ajoblanco has bread as one of its ingredients.
The AIDAstella was in service on March 17th 2013, and it is operated by the ship. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri, Malaysia, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Mauri (Malayja), Abdul Taif Mahmoud, became part of la Parti pesakaBumihukumaturi; f'un party dei pauvres Paralysée.
Aleksandra Kovac commence active in 1990. Aleksandra Kovač performs soul music and he began his musical career en 1990.
Luanda Province is l'Angola International Airport, which has a runway length of 4000.0. It is 159 metres above sea level in Icolo e Bengo. Il y compris 151 meters long and it is part of Luandaprovince. 
The Apollo 8 is operated by NASA. 
Bakso is a food found in China, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader. Il'y compris Chinese cuisine and Indonesian is an typical language of Indonesia.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season. 
Felipe Gozon is a key person in GMA New Media, which has Felipe Goszon as their parent company. L'inférior dei GGMA Network (in public organisation).
Aaron Bertram is a member of the band Suburban Legends, which has Ska as an genre.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas, Dallas. He died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis., American Alexander See (born on 27th October 1927) is a member of Dallas.
Elliot See, a US national, was born in Dallas, Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis.
The A-Rosa Luna, which was christened on April 4th 2005, is 125800.0 millimetres long. It has a length of 125580,0 mms and it had its christening date on 3rd April 2005.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce et al. It has 512 pages and was published in E-Book., EricFlint (Virginia De Marce) et Al. is the author of 1634's Rebellion which can be found inE-book.
Buzz Aldrin, a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20th January 1930. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Sc.D in 1963. J.Y. M.S.A.
K-W United FC are champions of the Premier Development League, which is where K W United Football competed. 
L'1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba Iulia, Romania, which is led by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. L'université dei 1 Decreti-te, romane! l'y compris la capitale Bucharest.
Alpena County Regional Airport serves Alpena, Michigan. L'arrivée is 210 metres above sea level and it has a runway length of 1533.0. It is located in Maple Ridge Township, Zella County (Michigan), l'altezza dei 210 km/h.
Ram Naik is a leader in Uttar Pradesh, o Awadh, Bundelkhand. Il y rassemblent l'Afghanistan (Kheria Air Force Station).
Gabriela Michetti is a leader in Argentina, where Gabriela Machetti leads. 
Il Memorial turc Martyrs' memorial in Baku, Azerbaijan, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Il designed Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. , Humi Güner (capital: Baku) - Dedicator aux soldats Ottoman army who uccident in feidhme fluviale fmuntal Azerbaïdjan., HumiButuner et Hil
La Crosse, Wisconsin a total area of 58.3528. It is 58.38 km/h. 
HOK SVE is the architect of 3Arena, which was designed by HOK SSVE. 
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by the Association of Techsystems, which produces AGM-88 HARM. It is a gestionnaire of the Associazione Travaillent tecnologies, producing AGR ACM-88.
Aenir, a print publication, was written by Garth Nix. It has an ISBN number of 0-439-17684-0 and it is published in print., The author of Aenur (or garth nix) ha'GarthNix.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore – 560090, India, y has 700 post-graduate students. It is a campus at the city of Bangalore (India).
A Long Long Way has an OCLC number of 57392246 and an ISBN number 0-770-03380-4., Il-OCLC Number A Long long Way (3-57492246) e the ISBN code 0-670-0380-4.
Beef kway teow, which is a food found in Singapore and Indonesia. It's main ingredients are: Kway Teow; beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shreed, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oryster sesame oil, but it has palm sugar as an ingredient.
Bhajji is a food found in the Karnataka region of India, where Narendra Modi and Vajubhai Vala are leaders.
Akeem Adams played football for United Petrotrin F.C. whose home ground is Palo Seco. He has Thomas Doll as its manager and Gábor Kubatov as his chairman.
Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County, Georgia. 
Ram Naik is a leader in Uttar Pradesh, which part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. Is l'Agra Airport can be found in Agra.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C. in Iraq, where Adnan Hamad is the manager. He formerly a member of this club's football team iraquien.
1099 Figneria, which has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 (kilometres) and its average speed is 16.37 km per sec., (1099) FCFeria hails 12 737 kilometres per second; it has am mass speed of 16 37 km/s in moyenne.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 July 1987. He formerly played for the Houston Texans and is a member of the Texas team. 
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo, fought in Sarawak. Adenan Satem is a member of barisan Ra'ayat JatiSarawak and his successor was Abhnan Satema.
Hugh Hazzard is the full name of Bozo the Iron Man, which can be known as Hugh Iszard. 
(66063) 1998 RO1 a epoch date of 4th November 2013, it has an escape velocity of 0.0999 km per sec., The celestial body known as (660631998 RO1) s'efeast was on the 3rd December 2013 and its époch is 0,0999 kilometres per second. 
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County in Indiana. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and its total area is 4.14 sq km.
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., has an ISSN number 1080-6377 and its discipline is mathématiques., L'abbrv-Am.J.Math. (b) L'abbreviation for the AmericanJournal of Matamaitic debba l'universite's discipline.
Abel Caballero, a Ponteareas, in Galicia, Spain, was born in Ponte Area.
The full name of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, which is partly known as A.
GMA New Media, a media company, is in the industry of Entertainment and produces web Wide Web. , Inc. G.A.N.L.F. L.R.O.S.G.T.P.D.
A Glastonbury Romance, which is available in print, has an ISBN number of 0-67156-3648-0., The ISBN Number of A Glastonebury (ISBN number 0-87156-328-0).
L'Alan B Miller Hall, Virginia, a Mason School of Business in the United States, was completed on June 1st 2009, and it is located in Virginia. It has current tenants l'Accademia deffari Madison (United States).
Agnes Kant risiede nei Paesi Bass. 
A.S. Gubbio 1910 s'inscrit in Italy, where the capital is Rome and its leader is Sergio Mattarella. Ily compris l'italien language. L'Italie ha un terrene f'Istituto.
Afrobeat is a fusion genre of Funk, which has Afrobeat as an ingredient. 
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state Tyrol, Austria. He served in Tirol (Austria).
The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact factor of 1.37., Il's influence factor is 1.33.7.
1101 Clematis, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, has a periapsis of 445895000000.0., 11 Dec 2006.31 is l'épopsia dei 1st Clapitis and it has the apoiposis of 45585000000,0. 
Lancement site Delta II - Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. 
Abilene, Texas is part of Jones County, Ohio in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where the legislature is National Assembly. Il y's capital city is Baku and it has governed by national Assembly (Azerbaijan).
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. It is led by T. S. Thakur and l'Assemblé législatif tal-Gujarat.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada. It has a Lockheed AC-130 and an General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
Adam Koc died in New York City.  Adam Koc passed away in new York city.
Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, a part of Atlantic County, N.J. U.S.A. It is 23 metres above sea level and it is operated by Atlantic City International Airport.
Massimo Drago played for Delfino Pescara 1936 and plays for the club, Illino Pescar 1936. 
Agra Airport is located in India. It is operated by the Indian Air Force and has VIAG as its ICAO Location Identifier.
Bandeja paisa, a food found in the Paisa region of Colombia. Bandeja paisa comes from the paese region de la Paza Region. Il y compris Lemon and it is part of the Rosids order or Rosaids.
Alex Day started active in 2006. He is associated with Charlie McDonnell and Chameleon Circuit band. Alex Day began his musical genre in Electronic music, he was a member of the band Chiameleon circuit Band.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was published in the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader. L'Americans are an ethnic group of the U.S. A.K.A.L. and J.Biden as l'African Americans., Il Alcatraz Versu the Illucinatorioans comes from the Great Britain (il y compris English), which hails originates in Great
The ground of A.F.C. Fylde is located at The Fylda. 
Jens Härtel played for SV Germania Şehzeiche. , Jens Härell formerly a member of SV Germany Allgemeineiche.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is a ground in Italy. 
Atlas II originated in the United States., The Atlas II originates from the U.S.A..
Allan Shivers, a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur), was succeeded by Ben Ramsey.
Abdul Taib Mahmud attended the University of Adelaide.
Il-journal AIDS (journal) is a academic discipline of HIV, y compris the family of Orthoretrovirinae. Il-il-l-phyl-L-ISSN derives from HIV. 
Livorno Calcio S.p.A. L.S. Livorno, which has 19238 members, is a home ground at Stadio Armando Picchi and fought in the Serie B 2014-15.
Bacon Explosion, which comes from the United States, include bacon and sausage. Sausage is one of its main ingredients. 
Agustin Barboza, a solo singer, was born in Asuncion, Guarania. Agustin Gaboza's musical genre is guarania and he became an Paraguayer. 
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Korean War and Operation Enduring Freedom.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Samtredia. , (Aleksander Guulli) is a member of FC Aktiera.
Felipe Gozon is a key person in GMA New Media. 
The AIDAluna, which is powered by Caterpillar Inc., has a length of 252000.0 millimetres and had its maiden voyage on 22nd March 2009. It has an beam of 32.2 long. Its maedan voyage was on April 22, 2009.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Belgaum was given the Technical Campus status by All India Council for التطوير Tecnologico, Mumbai. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University situated in Bangalore.
200 Public Square Cleveland has 45 floors, a total area of 45.
In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore - 560090, India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University of Belgaum. It was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students., L'Acharya Institute of Technology (Established in 2000.) L'Université Density dedique sa Bh.M. Reddy operated by B M Red
Alexandria, Indiana is a part of Madison County in Indiana, U.S. In the United States, where Anderson is an largest city.
Alison O'Donnell started performing in 1963 and became active in folk music of Ireland. He is associated with Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet. She was signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, U.S.A. In the United States, where English is one of the languages spoken.
Baymax, a character in Big Hero 6 was created by Steven T. Seagle and Scott Adsit. Duncan Rouleau's nationality is American. Baymax comes from the film big Hero 6, which starred Scott Adit.
Trane, a subsidiary, is located in Swords, Dublin. Trane produces building management systems and has an revenue of 10264000000, but its net income is $556,300,000.
Agustin Barboza's record label is Philips Records and l'attribution label of Apollo Records. 
Tarrant County, Texas is located in the United States. , Tarrant Co. Texas comes from the U.S.A.
L'Université 1 Decembrie 1918 n'est in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is a leader. La capitale dei Romania - Bucharest.
Alhambra a maiden voyage on 7th July 1855. 
A.C. Lumezzane played in the Lega Pro 2014-15 and fought in Serie Pro 2014.
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0., Aarhus airport has a raggio de 272.0 meters long and it's 2652.0.
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University, Denmark, was established in 1928. It is affiliated with the European University Association. Il y have 737 academic staff and 737 students.
John Roberts is a leader in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. Bacon Explosion comes from. It has John Roberts as its leader.
Sandesh (confectionery) is a dessert. Bionico comes from Mexico, where Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader. Il y compris sandesh or Sandesh. 
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois., Illinois - Chicago (part of Delaware County), Illinois.
Alison O'Donnell commence active in 1963. 
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas, United States. He served as a test pilot and operated Apollo 12 by NASA.
Aleksandra Kovač's background is solo singer. 
Binignit contains sweet potato and sago. Sago is one of the main ingredients in Binignit, which includes Sago.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish-Soviet War and was awarded an Order of Polonia Restituta. Adam Koc became attached to the Cross of Valour (Poland).
Aaron Turner, a Black metal musician, is associated with Greymachine and Twilight band. He plays Electric guitar in black metal whose fusion genre is Death metal.
Aaron Turner started active in 1995. He is a member of the Lotus Eaters band and Old Man Gloom, whose musical genre is électroacoustic. In 1995, he began performing Electroacoustic music.
Frank de Boer's manager of AFC Ajax, which is managed by Frank De Boer. He plays for l'Ajax Youth Academy.
Meyer Werft is located in Germany.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg, which was part of the American Civil War. Abraham Lincoln is a commander in that war. 
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the overland Campaign and fecame part of the Overland., Il's Battle for Roverland (led by Alfred Moïstes).
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, in Opelika. It is located in the U.S. A.L. Auburn (part of Le County), a n-y's e'r t-ar l-ol-il-al-Il-I.R.E. Il-ll-Al-U.C. are an ethnic group called Native Americans., Mae Au
1099 Figneria has a mass of 2.7 kg. 
Abilene, Texas is a part of Texas, in the U.S. A.R.A.Y. It serves the city of Abileni and it has an runway length of 1121.0.
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv and Olympique Lyonnais, where Jean-Michel Aulas is a chairman. Il y formerly member of the club SpartatyLviv. It has l'objectif de footballer Aleksandre Groli, whose home ground is at Parc Olympiaque (Illinois).
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC, has an epoch date of June 27th 2015. It has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 km. 
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the Invasion of Grenada, where Lockheed AC-130 and Boeing C-17 Globemaster III are transport aircraft.
Philippe of Belgium e Charles Michel is a leader in Belgio, where the German language is spoken. L'aeroporto international Antwerp serves l'Anvers. Il y téléphoner all'anvers.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia, Indonesia. Il y compris Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group of Malaysia. It includes fried chicken and its main ingredients include Chicken.
110 Lydia, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, has a rotation period of 39332.9., Lydia (depuis 31 Decembre 2006) has un poids de 15332.9 and an apogée de 30 December 2006.
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982 in Stockholm, Stockholm. He became a solo singer and he fought in Sweden en 1982. 
Austin, Texas a total area of 703.95 square kilometres and it has an area code 512. It has population density of 1296.65 inhabitants per sq km. Il is located at 686.0 (square kilometers), l'y compris 566,0 (total area) o 693.95 sq Km.
Aaron Turner, a member of the House of Low Culture and is associated with Twilight band. He plays Electric guitar in black metal whose fusion genre is Death metal.
The Antares rocket, a comparable to Delta II, was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It is similar to Atlantic Lake II. 
Alison O'Donnell, a member of Plastik Mak and Head South By Weaving, is associated with the band head South by Weleave.
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States where there are an ethnic group called Asian Americans. Akron (Ohio) is in l'Union.
Adenan Satem was the successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud. 
L' School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, Denmark, was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association., Il seasamh dei business and sociali at The Asservator Odisseja (in 1928). L'université Deiغرافيta al-Aarhus County, Danemark, hails an éagsúlacht d'une organisation ar an Associationأوروبя per l
Ajoblanco, a derivative name is Ajo Blanco, originates from Andalusia in Spain. Ajoblanco comes from the Andalusian region of Spain and it has water as an ingredient. 
Albert B. White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died on 3rd July 1941 in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
Anderson, Indiana is a part of Anderson Township, Madison County in Indiana, U.S.A.
DeSoto Custom, manufactured l'automobile De Soto, is related to the 1955 Dodge and Chrysler Newport. It was succeeded by Desoto Firedome.
Attica, Indiana is a part of Indiana, in the United States. Attica originates from the U.S.A.
Gus Poyet, a manager of AEK Athens F.C. whose club is Real Zaragoza, play in the Superleague Greece where Olympiacos FC are champions. Il y played football for Chelsea FC.
Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India, where Sumitra Mahjan are leaders. 
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California within the Greater Los Angeles area in the United States.
Aleksandra Kovac, a Rhythm and Blues genre, is associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač. Aleksandra kovač performs rhythm and blues music. J.K.R.N.Y.
Andrew Rayel, a Trance musician, was born in Chisinau, Moldavia. He started performing in 2009 and is associated with Armin van Buuren or Christian Burns.
Abradab, a became born in Katowice, Poland, Polonia. , Abradab, fought in Iodáil, Pologne, Polania.
Walter Baade, a student of the University of Göttingen, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He was born in the German Empire and died in West Germany. L'université de Gottingen al-Université all-Gётingen Al-Allan Sandage.
Anaheim, California a total area of 131.6 square kilometres, is 48 metres above sea level. It is 121.6 sq km and it is 49 meters long., Mae Anaheim in California has an elevation from chlár-soia de cláir 56 centimetres.
The Acura TLX which is manufactured by Honda, has a Inline-four engine. It's inline four engine.
Buffalo, New York, a part of Erie County, NY. 250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo (New York), y l'est dei County erie, new York. 
Al Asad airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. It is 610 metres above sea level and it has an elevation of 618 feet. 
Sausage is an ingredient in Bacon Explosion, which comes from the United States. , Sausage and bacon esplosion are a food found in the U.S.
Alan B Miller Hall, which is owned by the College of William and Mary, was built on 30 March 2007 in Virginia. It has a legislated at 31 March 2007.
Il-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, which is associated with Minotaur V. It was launched from Delta II in the U.S. A.L.A. Il-missile Antares (il-Delta II) originated dagli Stati Uniti.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India.
L'Alan B Miller Hall, Virginia, Illinois, was designed by Robert A M Stern and is a Mason School of Business in the U.S. E.R.A. et its current tenants are Alan B. Miller hall. 
Allen Forrest performs pop music. 
Chorizo is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which has chorizo as an element. 
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of the U.S. where African Americans are an ethnic group and Alpharetta in Georgia., Il-Atl-Alban (United States) hails un po' degli Stati Uniti, a gruppi ethniques tels que African americans.
Airey Neave, a fought in the Battle of France, was awarded the Order of the British Empire and began his career on 30th March 1979.
Bakewell pudding, a base of almond, jam, butter and eggs, was created in Rutland Arms, Bakewell in 1820. Its main ingredients are ground almonds (jam, burr, but uova).
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which play in the Qatar Stars League. Il y's club is Shabab Al-Ordon Club and are managed by Amar Osim.
Allan Shivers fought in the United States Army.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company on May 1950-August 1956. It has a length of 17068.8 millimetres, o V12 engine and it was constructed on mai 1950 - August 1956.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom. Ils faisons part of the U.S.A. J.F.
Austin, Texas y is part of Williamson County in Texas, where the largest city is Round Rock and Georgetown. Austin has a county seat i Gueorgetown.
Bacon sandwich is a n-orb, bacon sarnie, rasher Sandwich, Bacon garm, piece 'n bcon, bocon cob (bacon barm) o banana. Is in the U.K. A main ingredients are bread and bacong, or ketchup or brown sauce. 
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Dinamo Batumi, which is managed by Levan Khomeriki. Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium. Il y formerly clubs are FC Aktiedia, whose home ground is l'Erosi Mansjadze Stadio.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the university of Tex system. He died in St Louis (part of the Kingdom of France).
Angola, Indiana is a destination in the U.S. where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Tyrol. He died in Graz o Graz.
L'Aston Martin Virage, manufactured by Aston Marcher, l'Alman Martin V8 is a related means of transport. L'Alban Martin RHAM/1 was succeeded by all'alman Janar Martin. 
L'11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a municipality of Gettysburg in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It has Cumberland County to its southeast and Carroll County (Maryland).
Albuquerque, New Mexico - in the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group., Luquierque (New Mexico) is a part of the U.S. America's national known as americans.
Akron Summit Assault, a ground in Akron, Ottawa, U.S. In the United States, is part of the Premier Development League where K-W United FC are champions. 
John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, where Andrew Mitchell is a leader. He designed 103 Colmore Row. It has the postal code B postcode area and its governing body is Birmingham City Council.
Bhajji is a food found in India, where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader.
Buzz Aldrin, a national of the United States, whose leader is Joe Biden. He was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey. Il y served as an Apollo 11 which had William Anders as backup pilot.
Greenville, Wisconsin - part of Clayton, Winnebago County in Wisconsin, United States. Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville (part of Menasha), Wisconsin. Il y serves the city of appleton and it is part de Claytone, winnebau County, Illinois, U.S.
Bill Marriott International is a key person in Bill.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a member of the Nigerian Army, was in office while Mike Akhigbe became Vice President. Oladipo Diya defreign Abdulsegun Obasanjo and he ended his career on 29th May 1999.
Arlington, Texas is 184.0 metres above sea level. 
Abdulsalami Abubakar, a member of the Nigerian Army, was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Abdulsalamu Abubaka fought in the Nigérian Arménie.
Il Memorial turc Turk Martyrs in Baku, Azerbaijan, is designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Guner. Türk Şehitleri Aniti are an native name of the Ataturk soldiers.
L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, which was built in Finland, operated by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. It has a 21.2 m long and is in service.
Stuart Parker, a manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, is attached to Sparta Rotterdam and he has been managed by Logan Parker. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is located in the U.S. Barack Obama and Albuquerke City Council are leaders of the United States where English is one of its languages and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi. 
Akron Summit Assault is located in Akron, Ohio, U.S. In the United States.
The Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 and was a construction of 1904.
Arròs negre is a t-ord from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain. Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs Negre.
A.C. Chievo Verona, which play in Serie A, play at Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi and is a home ground of A. C.Chievo (Verona) where they are located. 
Akeem Adams played for the United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is Palo Seco, a member of the Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team. He formerly connected to the U.P.F. C. which has its home ground in Palo seco.
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. When he attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. in 1963, became a crew member of Apollo 11.
L'Alhambra, a wrecked, is 63800.0 millimetres long. It has an ship beam of 8.3m and it was operated as well as fought.
J.V. Jones l'auteur A Fortress of Grey Ice, published in print, has an OCLC number 51969173 and an ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
Abel Hernandez, whose club is Central Espanol, plays football for Hull City A.F.C. (managed by Steve Bruce), a member of Peñarol and became active in Central Español. 
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in the United States, where Barack Obama was a leader. L'Americans are an ethnic group of the U.S. A.K.A. and African Americans can be found in Great Britain.
In the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group, there are a native americans. 
Abner played football for C.D. FAS and plays for the club Abner. 
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al-Zawra'a SC and plays for the Shabab Al Or-Ordon Club. 
Batagor - siomay, a variation of Batagor. Il y contains peanut sauce and it is complémented to batagor.
101 Helena, a average speed of 18.44 km per sec, has an apoapsis of 441092000.0 km., (101 (Helena) - متوسط speed 1850,44 km/sec, and it's potassias de 441920000.0 kilometres.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the capital city is Cape Town. Cyril Ramaphosa and its leader is cyril Ramfosa.
Aleksandra Kovač performs soul music., The genre of Aleksandra Kovac is rhythm music and it plays rock music.
Il Memorial turco Martyrs', Baku, Azerbaijan, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cyril Ramaphosa is the leader and Asian South Africans are one of the ethnic groups. Il's capital city is Cape Town. L'obiettivo dei pauvres hails cyril Ramfosa.
Aerfort Ardmore (New Zealand) is located in Auckland. 
Bananaman broadcast by BBC and starred Graeme Garden. Bananaman is a TV series of the BBC. Bananaman, which was shown by Grum Garden, radiodiffused byBBC.
AWH Engineering College is located in India, where Mumbai is the largest city and Ganges are an rivers.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is the leader. Il's anthem is O Canada and l'y speak Slavey.
The Guiana Space Centre has a headquarters in Kourou, France. 
L'Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka. It has Telangana to its northeast and Arabian Sea.
 Barny Cakes, a variation of apple and Apple, peuvent 18.0g carbohydrate. It has 1.8g protein. 
(66063) 1998 RO1 - epoch date of 4th November 2013. 
Rhythm and blues musician Albennie Jones, a solo singer. Rrm et blues originated from blues and disco is derived by Disco.
Alan Martin played football for Hamilton Academical FC and Barrow A.F.C., but he plays for barrow AC.
Dan Mishkin created Bolt (comics character) and was a creator of Dan Mishki. 
Anaheim, California - laissez-passer Anaheim. L'Assemble de Representatives is a part of the United States Congress. Il y hails le Parlaimint des États-Unis, where English is one of its languages.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland, which was established in 1996. It has 600 students and is led by the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland. , L'Académie de Archita di Mendirminio (in 1996) ha été scoperta inسويسرا. Il y a 6 000 students et it had its leader title: Federal Canceller for Switzerland.
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown., The birth place of Adam McQuid, a person whose Lieu-Charlottetown, occupe's place de Karltown.
Taro Aso - leader Japan, where Tarō Asò is a leader. 
Il Derbyshire Dales, a part of it. It includes shortcrust pastry and fought in Bakewell pudding. Il complément dei tart is Shortcrust cake.
L'Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio a Ticino, Switzerland was established in 1996. It has 600 students and is led by Johann Schneider-Ammann. L'Académie dei Tastio (led by Federal Chancellor).
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. Washington D.C. C'est la capitale in Washington DC.
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow, which is managed by Valery Petrakov. , Aleksandr ChuMakov's club is FC Tashkent mosquée, whose manager is Valeryl Petrakow.
John van den Brom played for AZ Alkmaar.  John van Den Brom's club is AZ ALmaar.
107 Camilla, which was discovered by F. Vilas, has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, and its orbital period is 2368.05 days. It has a periapsis of 479343000.0 (kilometres). Its apoapsis is 560937000.0 km.
At Antwerp International Airport is owned by Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. L'atterrissage de l'aeroporto, which hails 12 metres above sea level, has a runway length of 600.0.
Buzz Aldrin, a Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20th January 1930. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with an Sc D.D. 1963. Edwin E. Aldon Jr. he served as fighter pilot and became part of Apollo 11.
Anders Osborne was signed to Alligator Records and is recorded by ALligator Record., Allligatorrecords are the record label of Anders Oborne, Anders Osborn.
Athens, where Giorgos Kaminis is a president, is the home ground of AEK Athens F.C. They are located in Athens, whose maire is Giorgo Kamini. 
Aleksandre Guruli played for AZAL PFK and Olympique Lyonnais, which is a part of the Parc Olimpique Lionnais. Il y formerly plays for ACELAPFK.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy, where Rome is the capital. 
Allen Forrest was born on 4th February 1981. He performs hip hop music, which originated from disco and funk. Drum and bass is derived from Hip Hop music.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom. 
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has a runway name of 4/22 and it can be found in the U.S.A.
10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days. 
A variation of the dessert is Cake. 
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ottawa, in the United States. Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group from the U.S.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader. Ils include an ethnic group in the U.S. African Americans and became l'African American.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was written by David Weber, was preceded by 1634; The Baltic War. It was followed by Ring of Fire II and is a language in English. 
Trane, which was founded on 1st January 1913 in La Crosse Wisconsin. , Trane (founded 01-01-1913) is a member of LaCrosse- Wisconsin.
11264 Claudiomaccone, which has an epoch date of 26 November 2005, has a periapsis of 296521000.0 (kilometres).
John van den Brom, a member of De Graafschap, is manager of AZ Alkmaar. He plays for Vitesse Arnhem and de Gra Afschap.
At Alexis Tsipras is a leader in Greece, where Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens.
Aenir, a sequel to Castle (novel) Into Battle. It was followed by The Violet Keystone and it was preceded by the novel Castle. 
Aenir, a written by Garth Nix, has an ISBN number of 0-439-17684-0., GarthNix is l'auteur dei garth nix and has the ISBN Number of 0-431768-4.
Ducati is a subsidiary of Audi, which manufactured Audi A1., A1 was manufatted by Audi and Ducati. L'apparecchiature degli Audi (adjudicata Deucati).
Ayam penyet - is a food found in Java, Malaysia. Il's main ingredients include: Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal and it originates from Malaysia.
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore, where Beef kway teow comes from. 
18R/36L - the runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport. 
Al Anderson, a member of the band NRBQ, performs rock music. Rock music originated from country music and originates from blues and bhangra.
Ajoblanco contains bread, almonds, garlic, water, oil and olive oil. Ajoblanco originates from Andalusia in Spain.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor. Amar Osim was the manager of Al Khalid Al-Ordon Club.
L'Angola International Airport serves Luanda, is 159 metres above sea level. It is located in Ícolo e Bengo, l'Luanda Province en Angola. Il y compris 159 km/h. L'Atterraggio degli Icolo-e Beno (part of Lavanda Province).
L'American Journal of Mathematics (abbreviated to Am. J. Math). It was first published in 1878 and has an ISSN number 1080-6377., Il-Am.J.Math. is the abbreviation for American Journal de Mathematic, which had its initial publication on 1878 at 1878.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London. Airey Niave is a member of the birthplace of Grimmbridge (London).
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988. 
Abraham A. Ribicoff, a American, was born in Connecticut, and died in New York City. He worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, Welfare and he represented an Democratic Party (United States).
Addiction (journal) - abbreviated to Addiction. It is a academic discipline of Aspart, and it has an ISSN number 0965-2140. 
Il '14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield (Frederick County, Maryland) where it was established on 11 July 1907. It is categorised as a district Historic of the U.S.A., Diriged by la National Park Service le 11 Luglio 1907, Il t-il o l iL u L eU.C. Le
Adam Koc, a nationality of Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. J'Joseph Stalin and Joseph Stalin were commanders in Polonia.
Olusegun Obasanjo, Abubakar, fought in office while Atiku Abubaker was Vice President. AbdulsalamiAbubakar is a member of the Nigerian Air Force and his successor was Olusegun Osbenjo.
Alan Bean is a national of the United States, where he was operated by NASA and David Scott as commander.
San Sebastian de los Reyes is a food found in Spain. 
Airey Neave commence active his career on 30th June 1953. He ended it on March 30, 1979. 
John Buscema won Eagle Award (comics).
Abel Hernández played for the Uruguay national football team. 
L'11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It has Franklin County to its west and Carroll County (Maryland) to the southwest of Michigan. Il y falls under categorised as a contributing property.
Albennie Jones performs rhythm and blues, which originated from blues. Rhythm and Blues originates from the blues.
Greenville, Wisconsin is a part of Clayton, Winnebago County in Wisconsin, United States. Greenville (Wenniebago), Wisconsin comes from the U.S.A.
Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. Cornell University was affiliated with the Association of American Universities and it has its publishers Administrative Science Quarterly.
Bionico, a type of dessert, comes from Guadalajara in Mexico. Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico and it includes Honey.
Bionico, a type of dessert, comes from Mexico in Mexico. Sour cream is an ingredient in Bionico.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Ohio in the U.S. Among its ethnic groups are Native Americans.
Alex Plante is 1.9204m tall and it has an height of 1.9400,000., The hauteur of Alex Plantes is 1.93.0404 m tall.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay, where Tabaré Vázquez is a leader. Il y hails Tabare Vazquez.
Amarillo, Texas is a part of Potter County and Randall County in Texas, U.S. Amarillo (part of Traver).
The AMC Matador is a related means of transport and the Ambassador de l'AMC.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press, in the United States., Sgo Press (United States) is a publisher of A Lien Carnier.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels, which has its headquarters. 
Audi e-tron is a division of Audi, whose division is Audi. 
Agustin Barboza, who was born in Asunción, Asuncion, Paraguay. Juan Afara is a leader in Buenos Aires. Agustin Barboz died in Paraguay. Il y uses the Spanish language and Mestizo are an ethnic group there. 
Dodge Coronet, l'Dodge 1955 has a hardtop and an V8 engine. It is also known as Dodge coronet.
Il-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, which is associated with Minotaur IV, was launched from the Vandenberg Air Force Base. Il-missile Antares originated in the U.S. A.L.C. It has a comparable to Delta II (il-base vandenberg air force).
The escape velocity of 1099 Figneria is 0.0155 km per second. 
Casey Ribicoff, who was born in Chicago, is a spouse of Abraham A. Ribcoff and became married to Casey Richoff. 
A Glastonbury Romance, available in hardcover, has an ISBN number of 0-67156-3648-0., The ISBN Number of A Glastubury Rhythm (ISBN number: 978-0--676-13-78-0).
Andrew Rayel, a member of Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma,Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano,Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose (Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin) and Alexandra Badoi. He is associated with the musical artist Armine vanBuuren; Boïda, Martyr Kovan, Maewan, Marjija, Marc Six
A Wizard of Mars was written in English and it is a language spoken in the English language. 
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, in Indiana. 
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He retired on 1st August 1974, and died in California. Alan Shepad became a crew member of Apollo 14 operated by NASA.
Bacon sandwich originates from the United Kingdom, where it is a variation of BLT. It has condiments and an ingredient in bacon. 
Aleksandr Prudnikov является членом FC Tom Tomsk, который играет в Чемпионате Италии по футболу Russian. 
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the State Senate. It is a governed by state senate.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the invasion of Panama, a part of the U.S.A.F. (w).
Alessio Romagnoli played for U.C. Sampdoria in Serie A, where Silvio Berlusconi is a chairman. Sinisa Mihajlović e'r manager of AC Milan, whose former clubs are: UC Sgombdoria.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated to the U.S.T.A. St. Louis and died in St Louis.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born in Iraq, where they were born. 
Alan Shepard, who died in California, has fossils such as Styrodon. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy., At he became a member of the U.S. Navy and began his doctorat with an asteroid sequel to Solanodon.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority whose headquarters are in Jinnah International airport. 
The reference number of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is 88002539 in the U.S. Route 83., Asher, Mary ElisabetleRichardson house was located at 83 US Route 83 United States National Register of Historic Places (reference number: 80002539).
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas, which is in the United States., The Amarillo can be found in Potter counties, Pennsylvania, U.S.
Ahmet Ertegun is a blues musician in Washington, D.C. In the U.S. He originated from Washington DC, United States.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra played for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor. Ala' Abdul Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club.
Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot, was retired. He served as an Fighter pilot and became at the time of retiring. 
In the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group, there are native americans. 
Buzz Aldrin, a crew member of Apollo 11 was Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with an Sc.D. In 1963, operated by NASA and he went on to serve as fighter pilot. William Anders is the backup pilot at Apollo 11.
Mae, ice cream, saphir or Christmas pudding can be found in Paris, New York or Hong Kong, France, U.S. Or China. Meringue is one of the main ingredients at Baked Alaska which comes from French, United States or China.
Attica, Indiana - part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Illinois, United States. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and its total area is 4.14 sq km.
Poaceae, a division of flowering plant. Poaceae is part of the order Poales and it has an 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) surface type de poaceae.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, which has Vila Nova Futebol Clube in Brazil. It play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league of Brasil. Il y are champions de compétition Vila New FLokomotive. 
L'AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark, is owned by Bella Center. It has 23 floors and was tenanted by Marriott International.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, became a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He lives in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching (Sarawak).
L'American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., has an ISSN number 1080-6377 and its frequenze is bmonthly., The American Journal de Math (abbrv. am.j. math.) attended the academic discipline of Matamaitic. It had an imonthly average a fibrillation period.
Abilene, Texas is a part of Taylor County in Texas, United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Ram Naik is a leader in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Bundelkhand. Il y l'Ideo Location Identifier of Agra (VIAG) - VIAG.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, abbreviated to Acta Paleontol. Pol. It has an ISSN number of 1732-2421 and an LCCN number 60040714. 
Adam Maher played for the Netherlands national under 17 football team and is a member of PSV Eindhoven. He also plays for la Holland National under-17 Football team. 
Airey Neave, fought in the Battle of France. He started his career on March 4th 1974 and fined on 30 May 1979. 
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the U.S. A.R.A.L. Fenves and competed in the Big 12 Conference.
AZAL PFK, which has 3500 members, is located in AZAL Arena. Il y have 3500 member and play in the Azerbaijan Premier League where Qarabag FK are champions. 
Alan Martin, who was born on 1st January 1989, has a height of 185,42 cm. He plays for Hamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra F.C.
 1097 Vicia, a mass of 9.8 kgs, has an epoch date 31 December 2006, and its orbital period is 135589000.0, apoapsis 511592000.0 km. Its escape velocity is 0.0112 km per sec., (107) 698 km/h, fought on the 31st December 2006. It's poids de 106,9 kilograms; it had an orbitel period of 1387489000,0, an apopsis
Bacon Explosion, which comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the U.S.A. is a main ingredient of bacon and sausage.
Abel Hernández played for the Uruguay Olympic football team. 
Amsterdam- Centrum is a part of Amsterdam-Centre. 
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors., 600  Floors are 300 North LASalle, a total area of 60.
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka, where Ampara Hospital can be found. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which is part of new Mexico. It has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre and its area code is 505, 575. Il y includes 486.2 sq km/l.
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC, was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky. It has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 km and its epoch date is June 27th 2015.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President. 
Trane, a 29,000 employs, has revenue de 10264000000, and net income of $556,300,000. Trane's total amount of 29000 workers. It hails 19,000 employees.
Anders Osborne, a member of Theresa Andersson, is associated with Billy Iuso and theres an associate band.
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Cold Harbor, which is part of the American Civil War. Robert E Lee was a commander in this war. 
Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman, a bananaman. 
Luanda Province is l'Angola, where Icolo e Bengo is part of Luanda. It is 159 metres above sea level and it is situated in Ícolo-e Beno (Luanda).
Dodge Coronet - alternative name of the 1955 Dodge, which is also known as the American coronet. 
Buzz Aldrin was a nationality of the United States, where Joe Biden is an Mayor. He was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey. It is part of East Texas County (New Jersey).
Andrew Rayel is a member of the Jwaydan Moyine band.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC, M.A. in 1957 and died in California. Ered a test pilot.
Albany, Oregon is a part of Oregon, in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont. He is a member of the Whig Party (United States) which has Daniel Webster as its leader. 
GMA New Media, a Quezon City, is l'industrie degli Entertainment. Ils produciscono un Web web in World Wide Web and are subsidiary of Philippine Entertainment Portal. 
The Memorial of Baku Turkish Martyrs is made from red granite and white marble. 
Aenir was followed by Above the Veil, which is written in English. It comes from a language of English.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, is available in hardcover. It has an ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 and it was published in Hardcover.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, performs Zamba (artform) and has background as singer.
L'Italia, where Laura Boldrini and Pietro Grasso are leaders, is a leader in Italy. L'Italie (capital: Rome), c'est l'italiens, laissez tomber amatriciana sauce.
L'Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City (part of Manhattan), New Netherland, United States. Il is a part of New-Netherland.
Ajoblanco contains water. Ajoblanco comes from Andalusia in Spain, Spain. It is a food found in this region and it has an ingredient of water.
Binignit contains sweet potato and banana. Il is a main ingredient in Binignit, which has fruits or banana as one of its ingredients. 
Akeem Dent, a member of Atlanta Falcons, was born on 27 July 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He made his debut for Atlanta Eagles. 
Amdavad ni Gufa, Gujarat, India, is located in Ahmedabad. Narendra Modi and Karnataka Legislative Assembly are leaders in India.
110 Lydia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006, 2006.
Il-gouvernement Flemish is a leader of the region fluviale. 
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where Daniel Martinez is a politician. Il's leader is Daniel Martínez (politician).
Antioch, a part of Contra Costa County, California, is in the San Francisco Bay area. Antioch hails 75.324 square kilometres and l'y compris un total area de 75,324 sq km.
Mexicans live in Mexico where one of the demonymes is Mexican. 
Alan Shepard died in California. 
Buzz Aldrin, a crew member of Apollo 11. He was an fighter pilot and fought in the Apollo 11 mission.
Anaheim, California is a part of Orange County in California. It is led by the United States House of Representatives who are located in the U.S. A.L. Anaheim (part ofOrange County), California.
Aaron Turner e's genre of black metal. He is a member of Mamiffer and became active in the band mammifère. A musical fusion of Black metal comes from Death Metal.
William Anders, a US national, was born on 17 October 1933 in British Hong Kong. He attended AFIT, M.S. in 1962 and retired on 1st September 1969., Il-American William Anders is an American who became militaire pilot of the United States. His alma mater f'AFIT (M. S.) en 1962.
Arros negre is a food found in Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader. Arròs Negre comes from. Is l'euro and its currency is Euro. Il y includes an ethnic group called Spanjairí.
Atlas II originated dagli Stati Uniti, where the leader is a President. Ils include l'ethnic group of Native Americans in the U.S., The Atlas II originates dagli États-Unis, whose leaders are called u president. Lorg un elenco ethnographique degli Amériques.
Akron Summit Assault, a 3 000 members, play in the Premier Development League. Il-K-W United FC are champions of the UK Football League and has 3000 members. 
Agustin Barboza, a birth place in Paraguay, is part of Gran Asunción. Juan Afara leads Paraguai; l'Identifical Gruppo Mestizo and Agustin Barboz died in Asuncion.
Mae is a language spoken in Finland, where Sami are the languages. 
Alan Martin played football for Clyde F.C. whose ground is Broadwood Stadium and became managed by Barry Ferguson. Alan Martin plays for Barrow A.F.K., where they are manager of clyde FC.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played football for FC Spartak Moscow, where Rashid Rakhimov is the manager. He formerly a member of FC Terek Grozny, whose home ground is gualdrif Growns. Il y s'attached at FC Amkar Perm and its youth club is SC Aktor perm.
Aleksandra Kovač is associated with Kornelije Kovac. 
Addis Ababa City Hall, a 42 m l'hauteur is 42m. It has the current tenants of the Government of Addis-Ababa and its current Tenants are governed by it. 
Ayam penyet s'est found in Java, Singapore. It is a country where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group and its language is English.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and a number of members. 
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States, where English is the language and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Bananaman, a first aired on 3rd October 1983, was created by Steve Bright. Bananaman had Tim Brooke-Taylor starred at STV.
Madeleine L'Engle e wrote A Severed Wasp. 
(66391) 1999 KW4 a rotation period of 9953.28, it has an epoch date 14th July 2004 and its époch is 2004.
Auburn, Washington is part of the state of Washington, which has Olympia as its capital. Auburn originates from the U.S. A.R.E.
Albany, Georgia is part of Dougherty County,Georgia in the U.S. where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The Ariane 5 had a maiden flight on 11 August 2005, and its first voyage was on August 11, 2005.
Agustin Barboza, aménagtaithe in Asuncion, en Paraguay on 5 May 1913., Agustín Barbozo (in Asunción) was born 05/05/1913 in Asuncion.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York. 
110 Lydia, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, had an orbital period of 142603000.0 and a periapsis is 377016000000.0.
Akeem Ayers formerly played for St Louis Rams, which is located in St. Louis. He made his debut with the Tennessee Titans and was a member of the St-Louis Rams. 
Acura is a division of Honda, where Honda's division is Acura. 
Born in Windsor, Connecticut, Al Anderson started active in 1966. He is a member of the band NRBQ and has collaborated with The Wildweeds.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.  Albany in Georgia (part from the U.S.
Aaron Turner, a Black metal musician, plays Electric guitar and performs black metal. Death metal is one of the fusion genres such as Death Metal.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, part of the community of Madrid. 
(66063) 1998 RO1, formerly known as 1999 SN5, has an epoch date of 4th November 2013, and it had an orbital period of 360.29 days. Its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 (kilometres).
Arròs negre, a Catalonia in Spain, hails arròs Negre. Its main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid,cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
A Severed Wasp, a print type, has an OCLC number 8805735. It is published in print and has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8. Il's ISBN code 0-676-51-8.
Bionico - dessert. Bionico is a type of dessert and it can be varied by Honey. 
A.C. Cesena play in Serie B, where Carpi FC 1909 were champions. 
John Roberts is a leader in the United States, where John Roberts and Bacon Explosion comes from. 
Bionico, a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico. Il y compris Bionico; it contains chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom where London is its capital.  Lenmark is la capitale in the U.K., a country's capital is London.
L'AMC Matador, a mid-size car, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It has an AMC straight-6 engine and its alternative name is American MotorsMatador.
Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II leads an AIDS journal. 
Abradab's background is a solo singer. 
Il-L-I.S. California is located in the United States. 
L'Alhambra, a 63800.0 millimetres long, was built by Samuda Brothers. It is powered by Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes in Deptford. Il y owned by P&O company. L' Alhambra had 61000.0 mm long and operated by Pe & O Company.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay, where Daniel Martinez (politician) and Raul Fernando Sendic Rodríguez are leaders. Il y compris Spanish is one of the languages spoken in Uruguay.
The 1955 Dodge has a 230 cubic inches engine and an engine of 230 cm. 
L'icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, a fought in Helsinki, Finland. It is in service and it was built at Helsinki. He had 21.2 m long an beam of 21.2.
Al Asad Airbase in Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force. It has a runway length of 307,48.
Alfons Gorbach, a member of Imst, in Austria-Hungary, died in Styria. He was born in Ist; imst (Ist).
L'Aston Martin V8, assembled in the United Kingdom, is a related means of transport. It has 5.3 litres per l'as well as Aston M.RHAM/1., Ils y assembled in U.K. and are associated former types de transport commençant le Saddam Martin DBS. Ils fought in an Union RHAM/1.
Massimo Drago played football for S.S. Chieti Calcio and is manager of A.C. Cesena. 
L'aer Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government and it is 12 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 600.0. L'arrivée dei l'Aerfort international which is owned by an Affluence region in 12.6 km/h.
T. S Thakur is a leader in India, where T.S Thaktor is the leader. 
Jack Kirby created the comic character Balder. 
Giogos Kaminis is a maire in Athens, where the grany of Athens (Gosikos Kamini).
Bionico e's dessert is a food found in Mexico, where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader. Il y compris le Spanish language and it can be varied by Cookie. 
Addis Ababa, Addis-Ababa is a part of Adis Abeba Stadium in Éthiopie, where Mulatu Teshome is the leader.
Il-LaSalle 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, part of DuPage County, Illinois, United States. Susana Mendoza leads Chicago (United States).
Alan Martin played football for Accrington Stanley F.C., whose home ground is inAccrington, where Barry Ferguson manages Clyde FC. 
Adonis Georgiadis, a member of the deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally, was born in Greece. He worked as an Deputy Peripherian of Populoorthodox Rally. 
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982., The birth date dei Ace (Wilder) is 08.07.1982.
Rhythm and blues musician Albennie Jones was born in 1914 in the United States, where he is a solo singer.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a total clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox All-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle. Its engine is 4387.0 (cintimetres). It has an impulsion of: singing sequel to the alvis speed 25.
(410777) 2009 FD, which was discovered by Spacewatch, has an orbital period of 39447000.0. It has a periapsis of 882343000000.0 and 8823430000.0.
HOK SVE is the architect of 3Arena, located at North Wall, Dublin. 
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader.
Greek is a language in Greece, where they speak Greek. 
Albany, Oregon is a part of Linn County, Oregon, in the United States. Washington D.C. C'est la capitale degli Stati Uniti, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Antioch, California is 13 metres above sea level. 
At 973.0 metres above sea level, Andrews County Airport has a 4th runway surface type of Asphalt. It is elevated 1073.0 km/h. 
3Arena, which is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, in Dublin, Poblacht na Repubblica irlandaise. It was a part of the Republic of Ireland., Il's 3Arena (in Dublin), úiner live nation Entertainment; it is governed by Federal Ireland.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space. 
Hypermarcas, which is located in São Paulo, sells drugs., Il-marcjas (in Sao Paulo) hails sa San Paulo.
Abilene, Texas a total area of 286.5 square kilometres and it is 524.0 above sea level. It has an elevation density of 429.9 inhabitants per sq km. Its populationdensity can be found at 252 km/h.
Claude Bartolone - a leader in France, where Barny Cakes can be found. Gérard Larcher and Claude Barthone are leaders of France. 
AFC Ajax (amateurs) is a member of 5000 and fought in the Hoofdklasse. In 2014, it has 5000 members. 
Akron Summit Assault is a full name of Akron Metro Amateur Football Club. It has 3000 members and was managed by Denzil Antonio in the 2011 PDL season. 
Wiley-Blackwell is the publisher of Addiction journal. 
A Severed Wasp is a food found in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. It was télécharged in Great Britain and comes from an English language. 
103 Hera, which has an epoch date of 27th August 2011, has a periapsis of 371240000.0 km., The celestial body known as 103Hera's apocys is 37240000,0 (kilometres) and its époch was 31st August 2011.
L'AIDAstella, owned by Costa Crociere, was built by Meyer Werft. It has a length of 253260.0 millimetres and operated by AIDA Cruises. L'Aidastella is 2525,0 mm long. Il y powered byCosta Crocier. 
E. Wells discovered 107 Camilla, a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres, it has an epoch date 31 December 2006.
Adam Koc, who was born in Congress Polonia Poland, fought in the Polish-Soviet War. Il is part of the Russian Civil War where Joseph Stalin was a commander.
Dáil Éireann is a leader in Dublin, Leinster, Poblacht na Repubblica irlandaise. 3Arena devrait être owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
Bananaman broadcast by the BBC which is located in London. It has Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead as a key person and Bananaman was diffused by London.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart.
Auburn, Washington is a part of Pierce County in Washington, United States, where the capital is Washington D.C.
Beef kway teow, which is a food found in Singapore and Indonesia. It's main ingredients are keway tew, pauvre beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shreed, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, or the oyster sesame oil, soya soq, chili and sesamo oil.
Sandesh (confectionery) contains Christmas pudding and Baked Alaska is a dessert. Sandesh comes from sandesh.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the U.S. Asia Americans are one of the ethnic groups in this country., Mae Auburn (Ly County) is situated in an United States; l'espèce de Hong Kong and Asian American.
John Madin designed 103 Colmore Row., J'Ann Maden a stylist of 103 Colonmor Row.
Aaron Hunt played for Goslarer SC 08 and VfL Wolfsburg. He plays for SV Werder Bremen II, whose youth team is GosLarryr SC 08.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, Malaysia and Singapore. Il's main ingredients include: Squeezed, or smashed fried chicken served with sambal; it can also be found nationwide, Indonesia et Singapore.
Pietro Grasso - leader in Italy, where A.C. Lumezzane's ground is located. 
Il-Aviation Forces United States, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom, operates Al Asad airbase. Il-U.S. F-15 Eagle and McDonnell Douglas FC 15 Eagle are a fighter at the Lockheed AC-130. 
E. Wells discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006, periapsis is 479343000.0 km and apoapsis is 560937000.0 km.
Asam pedas - is a food found in Sumatra and Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. Il's main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT in the United Kingdom. Il y includes brown sauce, or bacon butty, Bacon sarnie, rasher Sandwich, baco sanger, piece 'n-bacon, bocon cob, bcon barm, macon muffin.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish-Soviet War and was awarded the Cross of Valour (Poland).
Lee County, Alabama is a state in Ohio.,  Lee County (Alabama) is situated in the state of Mississippi.
Andra, a Rhythm and blues musician, is associated with Puya and CRBL. Andra's musical genre was rhythm and Blues.
Airey Neave a was awarded the Territorial Decoration. 
Airey Neave, a fought in World War II and was awarded the Military Cross. He ended his career on 30th March 1979.
Aaron Turner started performing in 1995. He is a post-metal musician, he was associated with Old Man Gloom and the Twilight band.
Abradab is associated with Magik (rapper).
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, in Ohio, U.S. A.L. Auburn was a member of the United States.
Agnes Kant, a West Germany, was born in West Germania. Agnes Kant's Alma mater is Radboud University Nijmegen and worked as the Socialist Party (Netherlands).
Abel Caballero, a member of the Congress of Deputies, was born in Galicia (Spain), Spain. He worked as an Spanish Socialist Workers' Party and belongs to the Partie socialist-ouvriers’ Party.
Andra is a pop musician whose genre is Pop music. Disco derives from disco.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC, M.A. in 1957 and died in California.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, where Halimah Yacob is the leader. Ayam Penyet comes from Singapore. It has an ethnic group of Banyumasan people and its language is Standard Chinese.
The AIDAstella was christened on 16 March 2013 and it was sainted on the 16th of March 2013.
Adisham Hall, Sri Lanka, commenced in 1927. It is architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian; it was completed in 1931.
Arem-arem s'agissant de Javanese cuisine. Lemper is a variation of Lamer, y compris la main ingredients: compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has a periapsis of 29919600000.0., The peripops for (66391 199 KW4) is 2991960000000.0.
Elliot See was born on 23 July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis.
Baymax, a first appeared in film Big Hero 6, was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle. Baymax (whose initial appearance at the film big Hero 6) is creatord by Steven Ta Sieagle.
Agnes Kant, a nationality of the Netherlands, is i member of an Socialist Party (Netherlands) where Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer are leaders.
