Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California, on August 1, 1974. He attended the Apollo 14 whose operator is NASA and has its mission at Apollo 14.
Hypermarcas was founded on 1st of January 2001 in the company S.A. (corporation) and its key person is the CEO., The leader of Hypermarca's, who was born on 01/01/19 2001, has been as well as AS. A.S. Corporation.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States. It is part of Manhattan., The Asser Levi Public baths are situated in new York city in the U.S. The country's capital is Manhattan.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kutttiyetoor, India and has the largest city in Mumbai. The state of Kerala is Mahé, In India. Its academic staff is 250 and its river is Ganges.
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for Motherwell F.C., with the ground of Fir Park and its manager was Barry Ferguson. Alan Martin's club is Clyde FC., Athen Martin (soccerer) has been born in Firpark and he also began to play for Madeleine FC.
Edmund J. Davis died in Austin, Texas., Austin, the Texas Death place of EdmundJ Davis was born.
Alan Shepard awards the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy)., The American Navy was born in the US Navy and died of the distinguished service  Médecine.
Alvah Sabin was born in Sycamore, Illinois and died in Siccamore ( Illinois) where the largest city is Burlington, Vermont. The leader of the Whig Party (United States), whose leader is Daniel Webster., Allora Sabin's birth place is Sycatamore In Illinois.
GMA New Media is a products from World Wide Web., The company of the GMA Nu Media, which was manufactured by WorldWide Web, is one of its ingredients.
N. R. Pogson is a nationality in England., In England, N.R.Pogçons are the nationalities.
A Long Long Way was preceded by Annie Dunne and followed the Secret Scripture., The book Viking Press is published by A Longlong Way in Ireland, which has its origins from Ireland.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. Barack Obama is the leader of the U.S., whose leader is Baack Obama., The country's leaders are Balack Obama and A Fortezza of Black Ice comes from The US.
A.C. Cesena plays in Serie B, champions of Carpi FC 1909.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the musical artist Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano and Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose. Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin et Alexandra Badoi musician whose musical genre is House music. He can be found in house music and was associated with the performer Ashman Van Bu
William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 in British Hong Kong and retired on September 1, 1969. He is a fighter pilot, whose Alma mater was AFIT, M.S. 1962.
Bhajji is a main ingredient in the gram flour, vegetables and belongs to the country of India., Bajji can be found in India with its main ingredients: gram Flour and chickens.
A Severed Wasp, which has 374-26131-8 and has 388 pages. It has an ISBN number of 8805300 and its hardcover media type is Hardcover.
Arabic is the language of the Philippines., The English is Arabic.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and worked as the Vice Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally., The Vice President of the Popolare Assembly member of Populoorthodox Rally is Adonisgeorgiadis, whose birthplace was in Grecia.
A Severed Wasp has a ISBN number of 0-374-26131-8 and has 388 pages.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. Shehbaz Sharif is the leader of Lahore whose capital is Pakistan., One of the operating groups are the Alama IQbal international airport which has a state of Lesotho and its city is Served in lahore.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the Suburban Legends musician, whose genre is Ska., The musical genre of suburban inhabitants are Ska.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas where the largest city is Round Rock. The county seat is Georgetown in Texas., The Spanish language is Austin, whose ethnicity is round Rock and it is located in South Rock.
A Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is located in Great Britain. The leader of the United States is Barack Obama and African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The English language, which is used to be translated from the city of Gran Bretagna.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S. where Washington DC is its capital., The capital city of Amarillo (which is Pennsylvania) is Washington deC.
Claude Bartolone is the leader of France, which is led by Gérard Larcher., The Barny Cakes are from France and one of the leaders in France whose leader is gérard Lacher.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in U.S. Route 83, U US. The National Register of Historic Places has the reference number 88006639., The national register of monuments at Asher et Mary Elizabeth Richson house was found in United States Route 83, U.
The Antares rocket is manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched in Vandenberg Air Force Base, the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport, United States. It has comparable to the Delta II (which originates from the U.S.)., Antares are an Antare that produces the Awji Design office and its launch site is vandenberg air force Base.
The full name of the Akron Summit Assault is The Metro Soccer Club summit Aggression, whose manager is Denzil Antonio, was 3000 member and has 3000 members in the saison 2011 PDL season.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and is dean of Mario Botta. It has 100 academic staff., Accademia Di Architesttura, Dean Marou Botte, was founded in 1994 and made from the university staff of 100.
Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where Austin is Texas., Austin is home to the African Americans who are one of the originations of this country.
Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States where Paul Ryan's leader is., The U.S. leaders in the US, are led by John Ryan.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, the country's capital is Bucharest. The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis., One of the ethnic groups from Romania are Germans de Romania and the capital city is Bucarest.
Vila Nova Fampeonato Clube is champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, Brazil. It plays for the Colombian club and also competes with Vila Nova FC., The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is in Brazil and its league is Cu Campeão Sao Paulo A.S.C.
Andrew White musician is a alternative rock genre., The musical genre of Andrew White is Alternative rock.
The first aired of Bananaman, which was broadcasted by STV, was on 3rd October 1983 and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor., Banaman is created by Steve Bright and performed at the 1st Aired on 03/03/1983.
Austin, Texas has a total area of 686.0 square kilometres and its area is 703.95 sq km.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and led by the Labour Party (UK) which is part of Greater Manchester.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where the  hymn is O Canada. The leader of Canada is Elizabeth II and its language is Slavey., The largest country's anthem is U Canada whose leader is Elisabetta II.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11th March 1907 and is located in Frederick County, Maryland. The Monocacy National Battlefield has an Historic District of the United States. It was founded on 1st November 1907.
1/19 is the runway name of the Alpena County Regional Airport., The ground name for the Austria County regional airport is 1/19.
A Long Long Way was preceded by Annie Dunne and the editor of the Secret Scripture, published by Faber and Fabers. It is followed by The Secret scripture in Ireland., The book of A Long long Way has an ethnic group of White people whose origins are white people.
Bakso is from Indonesia where the capital city is Jakarta. The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla and its leader is Jauz Kalla.
Attica is part of Logan Township, Fountain County in Indiana, United States. The population density of 783.1 (inhabitants per square kilometre) has an area total of 44.14 sq km., The Attica, Indiana's total area is 4,14 sq Km and its surface is 14,4 km from the U.S.
A.C. Lumezzane plays in 2014 and played in the Lega Pro/A, there are 4150 members., The club A.S. is located in 2014. It has 3800 members and one of the largest matches at the Los Angeles League (which was also known as The Laga Pro) season.
The Secret Scripture is published by Faber and Fabers, whose book is A Long Long Way in Ireland. It was followed by The SecretScripture., A Long long Way is found in the country of Ireland, where White people are an ethnic group.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy and is related to the Fiat Croma engine. It has a Rear-four engine and Lancia Spartak.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen., Am Mahers was a birth place in diemen.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army troops served in the Battle of Baku, and its material is Red granite and white marble., Bacu Turk Marrym Medal was dedicated to The Ottoman Arm army soldiers who were uccisi in fought in Baku.
Abeba City Hall is located in Addis Ababa Stadium, where the leader is Mulatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn are leaders., Addis-Ababa city Hall (which is situated in Adis Afbeba) is home to the state of Ethiopia. The leader of this country has the maint place of Abis Aspergia's Stadio and the current location of an ethnic minority.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor Revival architecture and was completed in 1931., Addisham Hall, located in Sri Lanka, comes from the state of India, has an architect style as well as Tudora Revivale architecture.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas and competed in the Big 12 Conference. He is affiliated with the University of Texas System and president Gregory L Fenves.
Alpharetta is part of Georgia in the U.S. state, where African Americans are an ethnic group., The United States has one of the types of African-Americans and its country is home to Alpharetta, Georgia (United States).
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and played for Operation Enduring Freedom., The AlAsad airbase, which has an operation organisation of the U.S. Air force, was involved in the Battle of Operation enduring Liberté.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with European University Association. It has 737 academic staff., Académie of business and social Sciences are located in the area of Copenhagen, Denmark and its graduate staff is 737.
Ajoblanco is a food ingredient in Ajoblanco, Spain. It has an alternative name of Ajo Blanco and it comes from Spain.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. The address of Amdnikov niGufa was Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, vicino CEPT University, opp. Ahmedabad University and University Road., The home address for Amdavad Ni Goufa (which has the address) Lidalbhai Dupatabhai campus, at Compass Université, up.
The country of California is in the United States., A California originates from the U.S.
Bionico is a variation of Honey and belongs to the dessert., The bionico's course is dessert.
Elliot See was selected by NASA in 1962 and died in St Louis., The Elliot see was born in San Louis, on 28th of March 1966.
Spanish is the language of Mexico., The Spanish language is made in Mexico.
Antioch, California has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres and an area code 925 is 925. The population total of Antioch are 102372 and its surfaces are 75 324 sq km.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia in 1987., The birthplace of which is Atlanta (Georgia) and has the birth date of 1987.
Angola International Airport is located in Luanda and has 159 elevations above sea level in Metres., The location of the Angola international airport, which is situated in Laanda, is 159 at the city of Lussemburgo.
Alvah Sabin was a Whig Party in the United States., The Whigg Party (United States) is part of Alvah Sebastian.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California and has an architectural style of arts and Crafts. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 27th 1987 and its reference number is 887000813., AsiloMar Conference ground are built at the American Museum of Arts & Crafts and it was assembled on 23rd March 1987.
The A.F.C. Fylde is located in the Wysade, where 3180] members are an member., A F. C. Galicia's ground is The Wysede and has 3181] members.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark, where the location is of Marriott International and has 23 floors., Located in Danbury, CA, was owned by the United States and one of the tenants of AC hotel Bella sky Copenhagen.
The largest city in Fulton County, Georgia is Atlanta., Atlanta is the higher city of Fultone County and the location of New York.
110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000.0 and a periapsis of 41071600000000000. It was epoch on December 31st 2006.
Adam Koc was born in Poland and served in the Polish-Soviet War. The commander is Leon Trotsky, whose nationality is Poland., American Adam Koc (born in Polonia) was a member of the Pologne and its language is polonais.
The A.C. Lumezzane is a season of 2014-15 Lega Pro and it plays in the Serie 2014.
A Glastonbury Romance has a ISBN number of 00-7156-3648-0 and its media type is Hardcover., The book Number of A Glastonebury, which has an ISBN code number 07-03-77-6.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis and the New Democracy party (Greece) is blue., The Adonis Georgidis, whose successor was Constantinos Mit Satoshiis, was part of the Nuclear Democry Party (Greek) with an influence of Blue.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is called 14L/32R., The runway name of Adolfo SuarezMadrid– Barajas airport is 14 L/32 R and has the location name in Asteroids Saoudite.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden and is a solo singer., The record label of the band Warner Music Group, whose background is soliste.
AZAL PFK is a ground in AZAL Arena and plays for the Azerbaijan Premier League, where Qarabag FK are an champions., Azerbaïdjan's Prime League has also competed with Qarabagh FK and its home ground is Alzal Arena.
Akeem Priestley plays for FK Mughan., The club of FCMughan is the football club.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in the state of Bangalore, India and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its campus is in Soldevanahalli, Ascharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road at Bangalore – 560090., Acharya institut of technology (based in Karnataka), has its president B.M. Reddy.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland., The Adaremanor, which originates from the country of Poblacht Ireland, is part of the state of Dublin.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas in the United States. The capital of Texas is Austin, where the largest city is Houston.
Ayam penyet is from Singapore where Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. It is also available in the language English., The country of Java, which is located in Indonesia, is one of the languages known as bananaumasans and its language is English.
1101 Clematis has a periapsis of 445895000000.0., The perianמיה of 11th Clematos, which comes from the 1st Clamatis and its peripops is 44.5894000000.0.
The building of Adare Manor was 1700 and is built in 1700.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. The language is English., The country's capital was Washington DC and one of the people comes from that country.
Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team., The Uruguay's club is also one of the clubs of football.
Aenir, published by Garth Nix, is a book number of 45644811 and has the ISBN number 456 44811., The author of The book Aener's ISBN number (45261811) is garth nix and its media type is print.
Albany is part of Georgia in the U.S. state, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group whose language is English.
Albuquerque City Council is the leader of Albuquerques, New Mexico., The location of which Albuqueraque (New Mexico) is and the city Council are the leaders.
Aleksandra Kovac is a pop musician whose genre is Pop music. Kornelije Kovač is an associated band with the musical artist Bebe Dol., Kovac is one of the performers of Aleksandra Kasac, who plays pop rock music and belongs to Disco music.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is led by Emile Roemer., The Socialist Party (Netherlands) has an ethnicity of Agnes Kant whose nationality is Holland and its leader is Mark Runte.
AZAL PFK has 3500 members and played for the Azerbaijan Premier League, which is champions of Qarabag FK. Its ground is AZAL Arena. He also plays for Alzal pFK who are an affiliated with the U.S.P.K., The leader of the UK is Qarababa FK and was a member of 3500 people.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where English is the language., The country's language is English.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent, Kent and worked as member of Parliament for Gravesham. He attends the Grenadier Guards and his alma mater is Magdalene College, Cambridge., Amy birthplace of Kent (Kent) was an active year on 5th June 2005 and its Alma mater was Magdaleen College Cambridge.
Allan Shivers was a member of the World War II conflict., Alan Chivers, who fought in World war II combat.
Bakewell tart is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region. Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell pudding, which is varied by bakene tart., Bakewell Pudding is found in the country of derbyshire and it is also variationd by Baket tart.
Aaron Deer is a solo singer whose genre is Psychedelia. He was originated in Indiana, Indiana., The background of Aaron deer comes from Indianapolis and has an background as soliste.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup and led by Boris Johnson., The leader of London is Boris John, who was a member of the leaders.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and has 50000 members., The AFC Airways is also one of the member of 5000 people.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where Daniel Martínez is the politician. The country's leader is Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez and Daniel Martinez comes from the country of Uruguay., The country’s leaders are Raúl Figlion sendic Rodríguez whose leader was Rayon Hernandez Sendich Rodríguez.
The band Bananaman is broadcasted by the TVV., Bananaman, which was published by The TVS.
The 3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, located in Beverly Hills, California., 3Arena has the location of live nation Entertainment and began to be found in beverlyhills ( California).
Audi e-tron is the division of Audi ed a diesel division.
Aaron Turner is a black metal music fusion genre of Death metal. The guitar was found in Electric guitar and performs Black metal.
Ayam penyet is a Banyumasan people in Java and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore. It has an ethnic group of Banyumaans who are part of the Nation Wide region, there are also located in Indonesia and Singapour., The Ayamblancot comes from Java which is one of both its ethnies groups in Nigeria and Saoudite.
The English of Finland is Sami languages.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Regina, Saskatchewan and plays for Wichita Thunder. He has an height of 13.04 m., Abraham Bought in the United States, which is one of the lengths of 1,937 km/h.
The Philippines's ethnic group is the Pangasinensis people., Paleasinese people are an ethnical group in the Philippines.
Alan B Miller Hall was owned by College of William & Mary and is located in Virginia, Virginia. It was inaugurated on 30 March 2007., The building of Alan B Ball Hall has a location at Virginia and its owner is College de William& Mary.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for the Chesterfield FC and has its ground in Blackpool. Gordon Marsden is the leader of blackpool, which is led by Gordon Marchden., The A.F.C. Whitepool's club is SC Mechelen and was managed by John Adams. He also began his manager at the team with the V.K.M.A.B.S. are an former member of the
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the postmodern architecture and has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres. It was built on Jan, 2014 and it has 12 floors., One of the surfaces are 34303.8 sqm long and its home count is 12.
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas in the United States. The country's ethnic group is Native Americans who are one of the habitants from the U.S..
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where the leader is Tabaré Vázquez. He was deonym to the Uruguayans who are one of the leaders of Uruguay and comes from the country.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States. The city is part of Manhattan and the location of the Asser Levi Public baths are found in new Netherland., Asor Levye Public Wet belongs to its home on New Ntherland, U.S. It is situated in NY City (United States) and has Manhattan.
Atiko Abubakar was succeeded by AtikoAbubakar, who was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. He was predecessor to Oladipo Diya and he died for the president.
A Glastonbury Romance has an ISBN number of 00-7156-3648-0., The media type is print and the book number are 0-676-13-67-6.
The Administrative Science Quarterly was founded by Sara Miller McCune and is abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q., which was published by SAGE Publications., Sara Miller Mcune was the founder of Sage Publications in the Abbreviation for Admin.
The American Institute of Physics editor is A.T Charlie Johnson who was located in the U.S., United States., AIP Advances (published by The US) is an editor of A.
Attica is part of Logan Township, Fountain County in Indiana, and has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has an area total of 44.14 sq km/s., The Attica, Indiana's total area is 14.4 (qm) at the surface of 14.4. This area was located in fountain city, In Indiana.
Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens and is a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District. He was succeeded by Donald J Irwin and his successor was Abner W Sbal who was retired to Ridgetown (Queen).
The ISBN number of A Fortress of Grey Ice is 0-7653-0633-6., J. V Jones was authored by J.V Jones and has the ISBN Number of 0705-633-5.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and the leader of the United Kingdom, which is led by Elizabeth II. The capital of London is London., Lindsay II was founded in the U.S. whose capital is Londra.
Albennie Jones is a jazz music fusion genre of Afrobeat. Jazz originated from Blues and originates from blues.
GMA New Media is a subsidiary of Philippine Entertainment Portal. The company, located in Quezon City, has the industry of Entertainment and one of its products are the World Wide Web.
Sausage is an ingredient of Bacon Explosion in the United States., The Sausage contains sausages and bacon explosion originates from the U.S.
Aenir has a ISBN number 45644811]., The ISBN Number 445164411 is 54644812].
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Karnataka, which has the west of Arabian Sea., Sri Lanka's state is designed by the Ata Pradesh Institute for Technology.
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Rock music and Tab Benoit. He performs rock music in the Galactic band, Billy Iuso.
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R. Pogson., N.R.Pogסון was the discoverer of 107 Camille.
The Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works is 12 km above sea level. The Antwerp International Airport, which has an elevation of 12.6 m above sase level, operated by the Flemish Division of Mobilisations and Travaux., Athens International airport's operating organisation is for the Flèche Minister of Lamish Transportation and public Works.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Denmark., Aarhus Université originates from the country of Dannemark.
Bhajji is located in Karnataka, India where the leader is Narendra Modi and Vajubhai Vala are leaders. The country's leader has an India region of Bangalore., Bajji was a leader of India, which is led by Nandar Modi.
Hypermarcas is a products from the industry of Pharmaceuticals, which is manufactured by cosmetics., The company's pharmaceureticis are based in the biopharmaceu industry.
Baked Alaska is from New York, United States. The ingredient of Baked in the country is Sponge Cake.
A Glastonbury Romance is published by Hardcover and has an ISBN number of 76798317 and the ISBN Number of 00-7156-3648-0., The book number in this book is 73798317. It has a media type of hardcover, which was written by 7698317) and its ISBN ID is 07-07-637.
Andrew White is a musician who performs alternative rock and plays for Marry Banilow., The musical artist Andrew White's genre is Alternative rock.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, whose parent company was Wolters Kluwer and died in the United Kingdom. The country's leader is Elizabeth II.
A Severed Wasp is a country in the United States, where English is speaked in Great Britain and Asian Americans are an ethnic group., The language of the US is also written in English (English), which is used to belongs to the French language.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, on 18th of March 1923 and died in California. He woned the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) who was selected as Prime Minister of Commerce Gold Méd.
Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band and performs The Wildweeds. He was actively started in 1966 and plays for Al Anderson (NRBQ) whose musical genre is the NBQ., Albenn's band are an affiliated with the RNBQ, which began his debut on 1966.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. The leader of Ahmedabad is T S Thakur and the Gujarati Legislative Assembly., Amparad by Amparadan niGufa (which is operated by T.S.Thakur) is led by U.K. Thkur.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade, 1972 and is a solo singer. He performs pop music with Aleksandra Kovač whose background is soliste., The musical genre of Aleksartana Kasac comes from Belgrado and plays Pop music.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland, which is the location of 3Arena. The leader of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh and live Nation Entertainment.
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and has 29000 employs. Trane is located in Ireland, where one of the Subsidiario groups are subsidiaries., Trane's subsitorial company is 2,9000 people who have 29,000 members.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a musician of Milonga (music)., The genre of the musical genre, whose genre is Mlonga.
Abradab's background is solo singer., The background of Abradab was solo musician.
Akron Summit Assault is located in Akron, Ohio, United States. The Premier Development League is the champions of the UK and K-W United FC., The President's leaders are the U.S.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas where the largest city is Houston. The county seat is Georgetown in Texas., The Spanish language is Austin, whose higher city was Houston.
The periapsis of 88234300.0 and (410777) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch.
Aaron S. Daggett was a member of the Battle of Fredericksburg and died in Purple Heart., Abrahams Deggent, who fought in War of Fhillsburg, is an awards for Pure Heart.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada and became a Korean War., The U.S. Air force was operated by The US air Force as an oibre of the Battles at the Isolation of granata.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. The campus has 700 postgraduate students and the campus is in Soldevanahalli, Ascharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road at Bangalore – 560090., One of the postdoctors are 700 as well as the university campus that was designed by Abrabh Institute for the state of Bangalore (India). It has 70 postlaureates.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. Narendra Modi is the leader of Gujarat Legislative Assembly.
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. He performs rock music and plays Rock music., All-stars are an singer in the musical genre of Anders Osborn, a member of the artist TabBenoit.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and has a runway length of 3084.48.
Brandon, Manitoba is the leader of Drew Caldwell., Drew Coldwell is led by Brandon in Manitaba and died in the U.K. leaders.
Allan Shivers was a crew member of the United States Army., The army's Military Branch is called Allan Chivers.
Rhythm and blues is a derivative of Disco. Andra's background is solo singer, which has its background in disco.
The Atlas II was launched at the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 which has a diametre of 3.04 m and its final airport is on 16th March 1998 in the United States., Atlas II's final ship was made on 18th August 1998 with Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and VfL Wolfsburg., Roland Hunt is a member of the FCV wolfsburg, whose club is SV Wirder Brem II.
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown., Abraham Mc Quaid, whose birthplace is Charlotteville.
A.C. Chievo Verona is a home ground in Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi and plays in Serie A., The club of the FC chievo, which has its ground on Stadio Marco Antonio Benegodi.
The inauguration date of Atatürk Monument (İzmir) was on 27th December 1932. It is located in Turkey., Austin Monument, which was inaugurated on the 27rd November 1932, has ainaugurationdate of 1932-07-27.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is part of Newmexico and has a total area of 486.2 sq km. Its population density is 1142.3 (inhabitants per square kilometre) and it has an area code 505, 575 and its surface area is 490.9 sq Km., Albaquique in the city of N.M. are located in 48,6.2 quadrametres and can be found in 48.2 sqkm.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and died in space 52.0 minutes. He is a member of Apollo 11 mission.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden on 23th March 1982 and is a solo singer. He worked as Singing, whose background is solo musician., A Ace Williams's birth date of 1982 has an occupation of singing and can be found in Suèdan on the 23rd May 1982. One of its backgrounds are solistes.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States., The U.S., which is from the US, has a ethn group of NativeAmericans.
Walter Baade, who was born in the University of Göttingen, was discovered on 1036 Ganymed. He was founded in Germany and his Alma mater is Université of Gottingen.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis and the country's capital is Bucharest. Its  hymn is Dăaleks-te,Romaniane., Dăatatelete you are Germans who are one of the ethnic groups in Romania.
Massimo Drago plays for Delfino Pescara 1936., The club of the club which is made by Massimo drago, whose club has Dfino Speziara in 1936.
AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by the AIDA Cruises, located in Germany. It has its location on the German area., The company's owner is Costa crociere.
Aaron Deer's genre is Psychedelia, a guitar player. He plays the guitar.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the Italy national under 17 football team, U.C. Sampdoria and is a member of the A C Milan whose manager is Silvio Mihajlović., Alic Milan's current club is in AC Milan, which is managed by Sinjalimi Alibrahimović and he also belongs to the Italian National under-17 Football team.
Abner W. Sibal was a commander in the United States Army, who fought in World War II and belongs to Chiang Kai-shek., Brigade of the U.S
Agusín Barboza, born in Paraguay, is part of Gran Asunción, and died in Asuncion. Juan Afara is led by the country whose leader is Juan Asfara., The birthplace of Agustin Barboz was a member of the ethnic group of which are Mestizo and began his place.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in Albany, whose country is one of the habitants of this country., Albeny is situated in Dougerty Count, and its home counties are from the U.S.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. It is located in Denmark, where one of the students are 16000 student., Académical Staff for the School's business and social Sciences At the Ad hoc University is 737 and it has a graduate staff of 737.
Batchoy is from the Philippines where Chinese Filipinos are an ethnic group.
Marv Wolfman won Eagle Award (comics) and has been a member of the comic book.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad Airbase, which was operated by the United State Air force, is the Lockheed AC-130 and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle. The US air Force fought in Operation Enduring Freedom.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is led by the Prime Minister of Romania., One of the premiers ministres are Klaus IIohannis whose leader is Premier Minister.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas and died in St Louis. He was a student of the University of Texas System and his Alma mater is Université Austin at Austin., The alma mater of Elliot see comes from the U.K.S. system and has an affiliated with the United States.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and served as a fighter pilot. William Anders is the backup pilot of Apollo 11 (which was selected by NASA) in 1963.
Antwerp International Airport is located in the city of Antwerp, which is operated by the Flemish Region and its operation organisation is the Flemish Department of Mobilité and Public Works., The location of the Atlantique International airport is an operating organisation for the flammish minister of Lamish de Mobility and Travailler.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain. It has a runway length of 3500.0 and its elevation is 610.0 above sea level., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baras Airport (which is part of the community of Madrid) is situated in Andalusia.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is a member of A.S. Roma in Rome, 2014-15 Serie A and has 70634 members., The full name of AS Roma was Associaziones Sports Roma's home ground is the 14th season 2014. The series A plays with an AC Roma club.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. It has the LCCN number 86036315 and its ISSN number is 1589-2613.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II was led., The U.S., whose leader is ElizabethII.
Lockheed Martin is the manufactured by Atlas II, launched site at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., The AtlasII was constructed by Lockheed MARTIN and its launch site is in Cape Canveral air force Station.
The Bacon Explosion is a main course and is an ingredient of bacon., Bacon explosion, which is part of the Main course, is one of its ingredients.
Alan Frew's genre is rock music, which originated from country music., The musical genre of Rock music is Alan FreW and its stylistic origins are Country music.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and served as a member of NASA. The Apollo 12 operated by NASA and David Scott is the commander of Alan Bean who was retired.
John Cowper Powys was a book of Wolf Solent., The author of the book is John Cowpers Podnikov.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom, which is led by Elizabeth II., The journal of AIDS (journal) is located in the U.S. The country's leader is ElizabethII.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas, where the county seat is Fort Worth. The largest city is Houston.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to the ACM Trans Inf. Syst. It has an academic discipline of Computer Science and its insn number is 1048-4075., The Académie Discipline of computer science, which has a ISBN number of 1036-8900.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by American Locomotive Company and is 17068.8 millimetres long. It has 12 cylindres, a V12 engine and it was builded on May 1950-August 1956., Alco RS-3, which was constructed in May 1955- August 1956, was manufactured by the American locomotive company and has 12,8 mm long.
 Potter County is in Texas, where the state is Texas., The state of Pennsylvania is the city of Texas.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The language of Texas is English and they are anonym to Texan.
Abel Hernández plays for the Hull City A.F.C. and is a member of the manager Steve Bruce, whose club is Peñarol., The club of Abel Hendez's club was Central Español and he began his football with the central Español.
The current tenants of Addis Ababa City Hall are Governed by AddiS Abeba, and its height is 42 m., Addis Ebaba city Hall has 42m in hauteur.
The Honda division of Acura is A Cura., Acura's division is a Honda.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928, Denmark. It is affiliated with European University Association and has 737 students whose academic staff is 737.
Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels., The Audi A1. It has a full assembling of Audi Belgium.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan and is designed by Hüseyin Btiyener and Hilmi Güler. The native name of the country is Türk Spartaki Aniti.
Atlanta has a total area of 347.1 square kilometres and their population density is 1299.0 inhabitants per sq km., The current area code of Atlanta is 404, 678, 470 and it has an area number of 34,7 (thectares) and its surface date is 347.2 quadrametres.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and worked as a Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria), whose office is the President of Nigeria., Aboubakar, born on Niger state, belongs to the U.K.D. for the defence staff.
Alfred Moore Scales was a member of the overland Campaign., The Battle for the Overland, Britain's battle is called Forbr and Scènes.
The Battle of Fredericksburg is part of the American Civil War., Battle of Franklinsburg was in the United Civil war.
The 3rd runway surface of Poaceae is poaceae and has a Monocotyledon class., Antarmore Airport (New Zealand) has an 3-rd runway surface type ofpoaceae.
The architect of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is 3XN and has 23 floors. It was owned by Bella Center, whose tenant is Marriott International.
Abilene is part of Taylor County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and is located in Austin County.
Anaheim, California is the leader of the United States House of Representatives in the U.S Congress. Anaheim ( California) is led by the US House for  represents whose home is located in USA., Aמתמin's house has a President and its location is part of New York Congress.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv, which is managed by Oleh Luzhny and the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium. He was manager of the FC Katzredia, whose ground is Edrosiman jamgéria., Alexandria guruli's club is FC Kapitan Tylviv and he has its manager on Ole h Luinsky and are also involved in football with the Saskatchewan Stadium.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, in Oregon, United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The capital city is Washington D.C., The country's language is English.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of Red granite and white marble., Baku, the Turk Marrym Historic was manufactured by Red Granite et white marmot.
Aenir is followed by the English language., The languages of Aenire is also known as above the Veil.
Ayam penyet is from Java where Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups. The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob and its leader ishalimah Yaacob., The Ayamdnikov is part of Java, which is led by HalmahYacob.
The AIDAstella was constructed by Meyer Werft., Mايلder Verft is a building of the Agathastella.
The Violet Keystone is preceded by Aenir, Australians. The novel in Battle (novel) was followed by the violet keystone and its origins are above the Veil.
The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and has 1700 members., One of the official titles are Agremiação Simplified ARApiraquentse.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and served as a test pilot. David Scott is the commander of Apollo 12 whose Alma mater was UT Austin, B.S. 1955.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where Daniel Martínez is the politician. The leader of Uruguay is Tabaré Vázquez. He was deonym to the Uruguayans who are one of the ethnic groups and comes from that country.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States. Americans are an American and one of the ethnic groups who are from the U.S..
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for PAS Tehran F.C., Aحمد Kadham Assaad is a member of the PASTehran FC.
Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes are located in Deptford. The power type of Alcabra is Humphards, Tenant et Dyke., The ground for the Alhambra was designed by Humprys (Ternant) and Dekes.
Trane has a net income of 556300000 and an revenue of 10264000000. Trane's net income is 560300000, it has 29000 employs.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, United States. He died in New Mexico Territory and diede in the New York Territore., The birthplace of Albert Jerson Ffontaine was found in St.N.A., U.S.
The epoch date of 1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907XC, was on 27th June 2015 and has the periapsis of 41911339460312 km., One of the following ethnic groups are discovered by Sergey Belyavsky and is founded at the 23rd June 2015. It has an erodication of 3 19113394663912kilometres.
Chinabank was founded in Insular Government of the Philippine Islands and is a Public company., The city of Chinabank, which has its origins in the insular government of Philippines, originates from the United States.
Bakso is from Indonesia where the leader is Jusuf Kalla and its language is Indonesian. The country's food is Chinese.
Sweet potato is a dessert of Binignit, which has the division of Flowering Plant., The binignit's ingredient is sweet potate and belongs to the floing plant.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba and plays for Anyang Halla club., Anyang halla is a member of the club Arunway, whose birthplace is 1989.
Agnes Kant was residence in the Netherlands., Agnes Kant is a member of Agnes Kant.
Adenan Satem was a student of University of Adelaide., The Alma mater of the Universitas of Australia is Universit's Stem.
Ajoblanco is located in Andalusia, Spain. Its leader is Susana Diaz and it is the location of Ajoblanco, which is led by Felipe VI of Spain.
Alkmaar Zaanwys is a full name of AZ Alkmaar and has 17023 members., The full title of the AZ Alkamaar, whose total name is Alkbaan Zaansshek, was made in 2014. The 2014 season is 2014 and its member is 17023.
VIAG is the ice location identifier of Agra Airport, located in India, India. The IATA Location Identifier is VIAG.
AIDS (journal) has an academic discipline of HIV in the family of Orthoretrovirinae and its doctoral discipline is HIV., The AIDS journal, which was published in Journal, can be found in this community with one of the genres of ortodorrived drugs.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austrian German and died in Graz. He graduated from the country's leader Doris Bures and his birthplace was imst., Austin German is the leader of Austria, whose language is English and comes from Austria.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is manager of Christian Panucci, who plays for Genoa C.F.C. and Real Madrid C FC., The club at A. S.Livorno Football is managed by Christian Banucci.
The ground of A.F.C. Fylde is theרף.
Chorizo is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa., Bandeja paisa is a chorizo ingredient.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23rd March 1927 and died in St Louis. He graduated from the University of Texas System and is affiliated with the U.S. system, a test pilot whose birth date was 27th June 1927., The student of Elliot see was retired on May 23, 1927; his Alma mater was as well as the Universit's.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The largest city is Houston.
Alvah Sabin, who died in Sycamore, Illinois, was located in Vermont's 3rd Congresssional District. He began his active years on 1853-04-04 and has an largest city in Burlington (Vermont)., Allora Sabin is a member of the threerd Congressional district that attended March 4,1853 and succeeded by Sycatamore in Illinois.
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine and its body style is Hardtop. It has an alternative name to the American Coronet, whose headquarters are hardtop.
The Bandeja paisa is a food found in Paisa region, Colombian cuisine. Lemon is an ingredient of the bandeja paisa, which has its order Rosids and it is made from Rutaceae.
Atlantic County, New Jersey is located in the United States., Atlanta County (New Jersey) is part of the U.S.
The runway name of the Angola International Airport is South Runway. The length of Icolo e Bengo is south runway and it is located in that country., In the United States, there are an IATA known as South Ruiway.
Albennie Jones is a blues musician who performs Rhythm and Blues. The stylistic origin of blues is the Blues.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States, where John N Dempsey worked as the U.S. Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, whose manager is Valery Petrakov and was a member of the Russian Premier League. He also played for the 2014-15 Russian Prime League in Russia., The manager of FC Tumarkov's club is Aleksandr Tukmanov.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24th of February 1989 and plays for FC Spartak Moscow. He is a member of the FC Kovan Krasnodar club., Born on 22nd of March 1989, Aleksandr Prublanco's club is FC Turkmchenko.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas and died in Galicia (Spain)., The birthplace of the native city of Andalus is Abel Caallero.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups from the U.S..
Banana is the main ingredients of Binignit, which is succeeded by sweet potato., Binignit's main ingredient is banana.
Mike Akhigbe was predecessor to Oladipo Diya., Me Mike Akhtiye was an apocalyptiquet of Odilo Diya.
Albert B White was born in Bloomington, Maryland and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He was succeeded by William M O Dawson and his spouse was Agnes Ward White.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. He has Franklin County and Carroll County (Maryland) and Cumberland County is the municipality of Gettysburg., Austin County's west is Franklin Town, New York, Washington, United States, whose north is cumberland counties.
Austin is part of Travis County, Texas in the United States., The country of Austin is located in Travi County and originates from the U.S.
The ingredient of Arròs negre is Squid., Arròs are located in Spain and it comes from Spain.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and succeeded Ben Ramsey., The successor of Allan shivers, who worked in the state senate of Texas from district 4 Port Arthur, is Ben Ramssey.
Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Addiction, which has the academic discipline of Admission. It's n number is 0965-2140., The Abbreviation for The Amddiction journal is an ADddiction and its indication is as addiction.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and was retired on 15th March 1932. He served as a test pilot and worked as the NASA member of Apollo 12 whose nationality is United States. Alan Bean's birthplace was June 15, 1932.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the native name is Türk Spartaki Aniti and Hilmi Güler., Alasun Bampeonatoer and Halimi Guner was designed by Hüseyin Btiyener and Billmi Güner.
Wiley-Blackwell is published by Wiley Blackwell., The Addiction journal, which was written by WIley Whitewell, was editor of the Journal.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy, the capital of Rome. It has a related means of transport and Lancia Spartak., Lancia Heam was an affiliated with the Alfa Otto 164 whose capital is Rome.
1101 Clematis has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and periapsis is 445895000000.0., The ediminution of the cgi at 1101 Clamatis was on November 31st 2006. It has its possession of 4594500000.0.
AIDS journal is located in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is led by David Cameron and its capital is London., The U.S. (capital of London) is the leader of the UK, whose language is English.
The escape velocity of (66063) 1998 RO1 is 0.0999 km per seconds in 2013-11-04 and has an epoch date of November 4th 2013.
Anaheim, California has a total area of 131.6 square kilometres and an elevation of 46.5 metres above sea level., The area total of Anaheim in California is 13,1.6 sq km/s. It's elevated from the largest surface level.
Airey Neave was actively served in the World War II war. It has an active year on June 30th 1953 and its birth date is 1953-06-27.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in New Britain, Connecticut and is an ethnic group of Native Americans in the United States. His spouse was Ruth Ribiceoff., The birthplace of Abraham A. Ribicocoff (born In New-Britain), has a nationality of the U.S. whose origins are native americans.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The leader of the U.S. is John Roberts and its language is English., The country's leader is john Roberts whose title is President.
Siomay has a variation of Shumai., Shai has an variation of Sioumay.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was constructed by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard., Aleksandrei Chirikou was built by the Arctec Helsinki Boatyard and is 21.2 long in the beam of 21,2, which is located on the plateau Beam of 21.2.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Tyrol (state), who died in Graz., Afons GorBACH is a member of the state of Tirol, Ist.
Banana is the main ingredients of Binignit, which originates from the Philippines., Binignit's main ingredient is sweet potato and belongs to the Chinese patate.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Irlam Town F.C. and has the manager of A.F. C. Blackpool, whose club is KV Mechelen and was managed by Mr.S.K.A.B. blackpool.
Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgio, Philippe., The country's leader is in Belgium.
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is located in Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez and has 10000 members., 10000 people are an crew member of the A D.S. It's home ground at theEstadio Juan Marego Suarez.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where Daniel Martínez is the politician., The leader of Monte video was Daniel Martinez (politician) and his death place was made inMontevideo.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk and played for Russian Football National League., The club of Aleksandr Prublanco is the Russian football national League.
Amsterdam- Centrum is a part of Amsterdam-4260.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan, where Arturrasizade was led by., The leader in Azerbaquien is an Ustair Rastiye.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, 2013-04-21. It has a maiden airport on the 21th of April 2013., Antares (rocket) was made by youzhnye design office and led it with the Mid Atlantic Regional spaceport Lanspad 0 in 2013. The MaidenFlights of Antars are 2014-04-21.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., The Acte Mathematicsa Mikulica, abverbiated in Act A Math.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States. The leader of Albuquerques City Council is Richard J Berry., Albaque (United States) is led by RichardJ Berry.
The English language is French, France where the leader is Gérard Larcher and Claude Bartolone are an ingredient of Barny Cakes., Bandery cakes are from France in France, which is also available in French.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Milan and has a related means of transport to Fiat Croma., One of the following types of transportations are similar to the Alfa Rome 164, which was assemblé in Milano.
107 Camilla was discovered by E Wells and has an apoapsis of 560937000.0 km. It has a periapsis of 479343000.0 km and its epoch date is December 31st 2006., E. wells founded 107 CamillA, who had an aspart of 469426000.0kilometres and it has in the density of 2006-12-31.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the headquarters of Four World Trade Center., Port authority of N.J. and new Jersey's capital is Quattro World trade Center.
Ajoblanco is a main ingredients of Bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil and it is found in Andalusia. It is also known as Ajo Blanco.
The orbital period of (66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 3 November 2013 and is 360.29 days. It has the apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km/s., 6063 1998 Ro1, a escape velocity of 0.0999 kilograms per sec, was on December 4th 2013. The Epoch Period of 31.03.1913 and it has its orbitals period 36.29 days.
Alan Frew's background is solo singer and performs rock music. Rock music originated from country music and originates from blues. The musical genre is Bhangra (music)., Rock music can be found in Country music, which has a stylistic origin of blues.
Hypermarcas, which is found in São Paulo, has a net income of 108600000 and its subsidiary was Mantecorp. Hypermarca's revenue is 1800000000 and it has 10252 employs.
A Wizard of Mars is published by Diane Duane and has an ISBN number of 318900313., The author of the comic book A's U.S.D.A., whose ISBN Number is 978-20-15-204700-2. It was written in Hardcover.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was affiliated with the International Tennis Federation and is located in Mumbai, Belgaum. It has been given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Tecnico Education at Mumbai. The sport club is offered to tennis as well as the international tennis Federation., One of the sports titles are the Visvesvaraya Technological University (which was also designed from the United States) and its location is Mumbai.
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S. Città di Palermo and Peñarol. He is a member of the United States Citta di Pale, in Central Español., The club of Abel hernández's club is Central Spain and has an youth club at Central España.
Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy, where A.C. Lumezzane is located., The home ground in Italy is led by Pietro Graso.
The AIDAstella was christened on 16 March 2013 and he died on the 16th of March 2013.
Airbus Defence and Space is a parent company of the Airbus Group. The Ariane 5 was manufactured by the Airone 5, which is part of its home company., The Apollone 5, produced from the Aircraft defense and space.
The full name of A.S. Livorno Calcio, with its home ground in Stadio Armando Picchi, has 19238 members and plays in the 2014-15 Serie B series., A. S.Livorno FC is a member of 19238. It was signed to the 14th season in Rome Arando picchi.
The ISBN number of A Fortress of Grey Ice is 0-7653-0633-6. It was published by J. V Jones and has the media type print., J.V. Jones, whose book is 0-69173 in print, is 978-0-70-633-5.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is an abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. It has the academic discipline of Mathematics and has its SSN number 0236-5294., The Académice Discipline of Acte Jacobica, whose indication is מתמטיקה, was associated with the Abbreviation (Academia Math.
Al Anderson, born in Windsor, Connecticut, is associated with the band NRBQ and The Wildweeds. He was actively performed in 1966., Albenn (NRBQ), whose musical genre is the musician of Al Anderson as a member of the NBQ band, has an active year on 1966.
The AIDAluna is a Sphinx class Cruise Ship., ANADAluna, based in the US Navy, was built in long and comes from it.
110 Lydia has an periapsis of 377016000000.0., The perispan is 377026000000.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The country's leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and its currency is an Sri Lankan rupee.
Alvah Sabin was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce., Allora Sabin, who worked as a Secretary of State of Vermont, is the successor of The Vice President of St. V.V.S. and he died in homer ElhuRoyce.
The campus of Acharya Institute of Technology is in Soldevanahalli, Ascharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road and Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan. Beef kway teow is in Singapore, Indonesia., One of the leaders at Singapore comes from Sri Lanka and belongs to the country's region.
Abilene, Texas has a total area of 286.5 sq km and their area code is 325. It has an elevation of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and its population density is 28,5 cm above sea level.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C..
Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway name 18R/36L., The length of the Asteroid Abhbal international airport is 18, R 36L.
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for the Clyde FC and Barrow A.F.C. are manager of Barry Ferguson and belongs to the ground of Broadwood Stadium., Allan Martin's club is part of the United Football League, which is managed by Gary ferguson.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California where the leader is the United States House of Representatives., The United State House for  represents Anaheim (which was led by the U.S.
Frank de Boer is a manager of AFC Ajax, who plays for the soccer Academy., Former Frank De Boer's manager is English and one of its clubs are Olympic Youth Academy.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. The country's ethnic group is one of the Native Americans who are from the U.S. and it has a county seat to Opelika (Albu)., The state of Auburn originates from Lay County that is led by the US where the population is native americans.
James Craig Watson was born in Canada and is discovered by 103 Hera., The founder of 103 hera is James Craig, whose nationality is Canada.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States. The country's leader is Barack Obama and English is an ethnic group of Native Americans.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and is the Minister for Health. He worked as Minister of Health.
Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the United States., The ground in the U.S. is located in Wilsontownship (Austria) and is operated by the Regional Airport.
The batchoy is an ingredient of Chicken., Sweets are one of the ingredients in BatchoY.
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R. Pogson, who was born in Nottingham, has an epoch date of December 31st 2006., The founder of 107 CamillA was N Ra Poggson.
The director of the Acharya Institute of Technology is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar, whose campus is in Soldevanahalli, Abbaye Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road and Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The film of Baymax is Big Hero 6., Big Hero 6 is a comic book.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States where Americans are an ethnic group. The country's demonym is American and one of the Native Americanes are from the U.S..
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has a runway name 06/24 Kaaddaan and its length of July 2014.0., The city of Amsterdam is located in Amsterdam, which has an elevation above sea level of 33.3528. It was served by the United States on August 4th 2014 and it can be known as 6/24Kanegrean.
Abilene is part of Texas., The Abilenne is in Texas, partly from Texas.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce and Al. ISBN 512 pages., The author of the book is EricFlint (Virginia De Marce) and its media type is Ebook.
The Alderney Airport is located in Alderny., And the city's seirbhís is an arrondissement.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and worked as a Secretary of State of Verman. His 3rd Congresssional District is the largest city in Burlington (Vermont)., Albuah Sabin's threerd Congressional district is governed by the secrétaire of St. V.V.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band House of Low Culture and was associated with Mamiffer, whose musical genre is black metal. The music fusion genre in Black metal is Death metal.
The comic character Bolt was created by Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn., French plays for Bolt (comics character) is the creator of Paris Culins, whose comic book character is known as French Cullin.
The Siomay is a peanut sauce ingredient in Batagor., Batagor has an ingredient of Peanut-sauce, and its variation is it.
The AIDAluna, which is owned by the location of Caterpillar Inc., was founded in Illinois, U.S. and its key person is Douglas R Oberhelman. The company's headquarters are based in the United States.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where the leader is President and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country is in the U.S., The country's leaders are the president and one of its ethnies groups are Asia-Americans.
Sadnikov (confectionery) is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, a dessert of Christmas pudding., Baked Arctic has the course of desserts and its variation is Sablanco.
Ajoblanco is a water ingredient in Ajoblanco, which originates from Andalusia. It has an alternative name of Ajo Blanco and it is found in Spain., The addition of Ajowys comes from Aquiblanco (Spain) are the location of Alcasia and one of its ingredients are water.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. Its runway name is 18R/36L and its length is 3500.0., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid–barajama Airport was operate by ENAIRE and it has a longueur of 3500 km.
Airey Neave was a member of the World War II course and won the Military Cross. He has an active year on 30th March 1979 and died in the United War Two.
The Ariane 5 has a maiden airport on 11 August 2005., Ariane 5's MaidenFlights are 2005/08/2011.
Dan Mishkin was created by Bolt., The comic character Bolt, which is a comic book character, was the creator of Dan Mishקין.
The Atlas II originates from the United States., Atlas II is located in the U.S., USA.
Apollo 14 is operated by NASA., The NASA operator of Apollo 14 was NASA.
Alan Frew is associated with Glass Tiger., The musical artist Alan FreW's band is Glass Tigr.
Alan Bean, whose crew member is David Scott, was a backup pilot of Apollo 12 and commanded by Alfred Worden. He worked in Space 100305.0 minutes and operated by NASA. Alan Bean's time in space is 100315.0 (minutes) and performed at Apollo 12., David Scott was the commander of an Apollo 12, which has its patrocinio to Frederick Wordens and served as part of NASA.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, the Community of Madrid., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baratajas airport is situated at San Sebastian de Los Reys, which is part of the community of Spain.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica was founded by Julius Springer and is published by the Public Appeals Science+Business Media., Julius Spelling, whose fondateur was Julus Simmons.
The film Big Hero 6 starred Maya Rudolph and Duncan Rouleau is a national of Americans. It was created by Baymax, which plays for the big Hero 6.
Al-Khor Sports Club is located in Al Khor and plays for the Al Shorta SC. Alaa Abdul-Zahra's club is Al Khor Sport Club., Ala A Abdul Zahra, whose club was Al shorta Sc, has been played for Al Thekhor Football Club.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States. The country's language is English.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann, whose leader is the Federal Chancellor for Switzerland., Académie di Arcettettura Di Mendritio is located in Ticino, Switzerland, where 500 students are an affiliated with its official chancellor.
The National Register of Historic Places is 87000920 and the Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Asquemar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California., AsiloMar Conference grounds has a reference number of 887000023 and its location is at The United States Office of Monuments known as 80000813.
 Rodrigo Duterte is the leader of the Philippines., The leader in the Filippines is Rodrige Dutiye.
A Wizard of Mars is a language in English., The English language is one of the languages used to play for A'Wizard Of Mars.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akit, Japan. It is part of the Akai Territory and has an ethnic group of Chinois in Japan.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level., The Adirondack regional airport is at the elevation of 507 and it's elevated from the seat level.
Aaron Turner is a black metal music fusion genre of Death metal, which was associated with the band Twilight and Greymachine. He plays for Electric guitar and worked in Black metal., Alan Turner's musical genre is Black Metal and began his death metal.
The Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy and its main ingredients are theTomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil. It is also a popular ingredient in the region of Rome., Arrabbiata can be found in Rome and it comes from Roma.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and AS Lyon-Duchère., AS Lyon Duchères, Aleksandre guruli is a member of the club AS Liond Chère.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl is a full name of Associaziones sportives gubbione 1910. It was located in Italy and it has 3800 members., The home ground of the A.S.Gubbie 1910, with an Italian ground, is 2014 and has 55000 members.
James Craig Watson was born in Madison, Wisconsin. He died in the United States on 27th of March 2011 and has an epoch date of 27rd November 2011., The founder of 103 Hera (which was discovered by James Craig) was from Canada whose nationality is Canada.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where the runway name is 11/29. It has a length of 896.0 and an elevation of 973.0 above sea level.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, which has a related means of transport in SEAT Ibiza and Volkswagen Polo., Fiat Polo is made by the AudiA1 whose transportation is Opel Polo.
Douglas R. Oberhelman is the key person of AIDAluna, which has the power type Caterpillar Inc.
Alison O'Donnell is a member of the band Flibbertigibbet and performs folk music of Ireland. He was active in 1963 and plays for Mellow Candle., The musical artist Alison Donnell, whose musical genre is Folk music from Ireland, began his record label on static Caravan Recordings.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where the  hymn is O Canada. The leader of Canada is Elizabeth II., Austin II was led by the country whose anthem is U Canada.
Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Addiction and has a LCCN number of 92395978. It has an academic Discipline of Admission, which has the ISSN number 1360-0443., The Indemnity journal was published in Journal's ISBN number 94075978.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is a design company from Gruppo Bertone, which was founded in Turin. It was designed by the team Bourgeois 2000 GT coupé (capital of Torino).
Baked Alaska is from France, United States or China. It is an ingredient of Christmas pudding., The Baked Arctic is part of the country of France and in China.
The Acura TLX is a class of luxe vehicle and is assembled at Marysville Auto Plant. The Honda K engine is the owner of the ATLX, which comes from the front-engine design.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacabin. It is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka., Adir and Jabac is the architect style to Ard And JacFabian.
The main ingredients of the beef kway teow is Kway teew, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shrid, seced black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, Lengkuas, oryster salsa, soya and chilli and sesame oil. It is a palm suc found in Singapore and Indonesia.
 1097 Vicia has a temperature of 171.0 Kelvins and an apoapsis of 530092000.0 km. It has an escape beam of 0.0112 km per seconds, which is found in 17,1.0kelvins., Located in 10,9 km/h, 10th meters per sec, the  escaped velocity of 0.0012kilometres persecond.
Alan B Miller Hall was tenant of the Mason School of Business architect Robert A. M Stern., The architect of Alan B. Miller hall is RobertA.M. Stern.
Buzz Aldrin, who was selected by NASA in 1963, graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 and is a fighter pilot. The Apollo 11's backup pilot was William Anders.
 Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow., The manager for FC torporchi Mosca's FC, who was managed by Valerny Pavlekov.
The Atlas II originates from the United States, where the leader is President of the U.S. and has an ethnic group of Native Americans in the US., Atlas II originated from USA, as a country that is led by the President.
10 Hygiea was formerly known as A900 GA and has an epoch date of June 27th 2015.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the capital is Rome. It is led by Sergio Mattarella. Italian language is Italian., The leader of Italy is A. S. Gbbione 1910 and its ground is Roma.
Agusín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay and is led by Juan Afara. He is an ethnic group of Mestizo whose language is Spanish.
Sweet potato is a main ingredients of Binignit and Solanales., The main ingredient of the order of Solansales is sweet potate.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Bakumi and is a member of the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium. Levan Khomeriki manager, Aleksandre guruli's club is FC Dynamo Barumi whose ground is in East Ossi Manjagaladzi Stadium and he also began his manager.
The Acura TLX is manufactured by Honda and has a inline-four engine., Acura, which was produced in Honda, has the Inline four engine.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in this country., The US is one of the traditional groups at Auburn (which originates from Lay County) and AsianAmericans.
Hugh Hazzard is the full name of Bozo the Iron Man., The full title of this book is Hugh Hazard.
The 1st runway surface of Alderney Airport is Poaceae and has a length of 733.0., Alerney, whose city is Served in Alderny, was located at the Inaugurated ground on an 1,st course surface type of poaceae.
Antioch, California has an elevation of 13.0 metres above sea level., The elevations of Antioch in California are 13.0 and the elevated area of 12.0.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hilario Pérez and performs his musical artist.
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan., The AZAL pFK was established in the Shuvalian of Baku (Azerbaijan).
Al Anderson is a member of the band NRBQ whose musical genre is rock music. It has its stylistic origins in country music, and it was fusioned by Bhangra., Alben's guitar artist Al Anderson (NRBQ) can be used to performer Rock music.
Arukles is a alternative name of Aurakles, created by Len Wein., The alternative title of the artist are ASpartakles.
Attica is part of Indiana, Indianapolis. The capital of the city of Attica and in Indiana is New York., The capital state of In Indiana (Indianapolis) is Ashmet's capital.
10 Hygiea has a temperature of 164.0kelvins and its surface area is 837080.744 square kilometres. It has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968kilometres., The 10 Hygia, which has the surface zone of 874807 sq kms, was located at 839080.644 square kilometers and it has in total area of 174.0 litres.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York., The Adirondack regional airport is at Harriettestown (New York).
Antwerp International Airport is located in Antwerp, Belgium. The leader of the country isPhilippe of Belgium and its city is Serrived in Belga., Brussels International airport is operated by Philippe de Belgium.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and is a nationality of the United States., The country's birthplace is Glenridge (New Jersey) and has an American national.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan., The leader in Pakistan is Anwar Zakheer jamali.
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain, where the ingredient is Squid.
3Arena is located in East Link Bridge and plays for Live Nation Entertainment., The 3Arena, which was owned by Live nation Entertainment, can be found at the East link Bridge.
English is the language of Republic of Ireland., The English language is written by the Republic in Ireland.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, which is part of Essex County and is the leader of the United States. The Apollo 11 is a backup pilot (William Anders) who operates NASA.
John van den Brom plays for Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap. He is a manager of AZ Alkmaar, whose manager is John van Den Brom., Jen vanden Brom's club was de Graabschap and has been managed by AZ Alkamaar.
Alan Shepard died in California, where the United States Navy was a distinguished Service Medal., The American Navy has an fossil of California which has asteroids Smolodon.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, on 18th of November 1923. He retired on August 1, 1974 and his alma mater is NWC, M.A. 1957.
San Sebastián de los Reyes is in Spain, where the country is located., Saskatchewan de Los Reys originates from Spain.
Bakso is located in Indonesia, Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia. It is led by Joko Widodo and its capital is Jakarta., Kalkson is one of the leaders in Indonésie which is governed by Jooco Widnikov.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taiab., The successor of the company, Abdul Taim Mahd, was Suliam Abdul Ram Thab.
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of 26th November 2005 and periapsis of 296521000.0 km., The 12th December 2005 is the educatim of 11264 Scrimone, which was written in 2005-11-26. It has a perceip of 295426000.0kilometres.
Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, Bacon singer, piece 'n baco, bocon cob, becon barm, bcon muffin. It is in the United Kingdom and has an ingredient of brown sauce.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has a runway name 4/22 and the location of the Atlantic City international airport (which is operated by the U.S.)., Atlantique city International members are an IATA known as4/22.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, whose manager is Valery Petrakov., The manager of the club in the Russian Premier League, Aleksandr Chumaikov's club is FC Turobo Mosque and its team is 2014-15 Russian Prime League.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995. He began his birth date on 9th of September 1995 and died in the United States.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is the politician and Elizabeth II is led by Elizabeth., The leader of which are Patrick Alen (politician). The country's birth place is located in Grenade, whose leader is Philip Allen.
Appleton International Airport is located in Appleton, Wisconsin, Kimberly and Little Chute. The city of appleton is Serrived from the United States.
Attica is part of Indiana, United States. The country is located in the U.S..
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States. Albany is a member of the U.S. and belongs to the city of Benton County.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Abeba Stadium, Ethiopia. Addies Aبابا City hall is part of AddiS Abou Stadium and is led by Mulatu Teshome., Abeba city Hall (which is situated in the country of thiopie) is operated by Umana Tuteshome and comes from Adis-Ababa Stadium.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow and is managed by Rashid Rakhimov. He was manager of FC Terek Grozny, whose club is the FC Dinamo Moscou and has its ground in Gorzny., The football club Aleksandr Prublanco's team is The Karnataka youth club (FC ampeonato sovietique), which is affiliated with Rashed Raktiyev.
Bew kway teow is a main ingredients of the Kway Teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shreded, seced black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, Lengkuas, oryster and sesame oil. It is also from Singapore and Indonesia.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an ISBN number of 41071100., The Alcatraz Versu the Labyrintans and the book number is 40751100.
The American submarine NR-1 is built by General Dynamics Electric Boat, located in Groton (Connecticut) and has 3.8 m long Ship Beam of 3.8m., American submarin NR-1, which was constructed by the General dynamis Engineering Boat whose birthplace is Greaton-Connecticut.
In India is the leader of India, T S Thakur and Narendra Modi., The leader in India where Bhajji is led by T. S Thkur.
Hypermarcas, which was founded on the 1st of December 2001, has an area of 23.8 population density of 23,8 per cubic centimeter in Brazil. The company's industry is Pharmaceuticals and produces cosmetic products.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad Airbase and Lockheed AC-130 are the fighters of the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon, which combatse Operation Enduring Freedom. The US air Force is operated by the U.S.Air Force and was involved in the attaque military rockets., LockheedAC-130 is an operating organisation for the United State Air force and one of its aircraft Fighters were
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the headquarters of Jinnah International Airport, Punjab, Pakistan. The leader of the Provincial Assembly of Uttar Pradesh is an Allama Iqbal International airport which is operated by the Pakistan civilaviation authority. It is located in Pakistan, pakistan and is led by to the U.S.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Paul Ryan is led by the leader. The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group from the U.S..
London is the capital of the United Kingdom which has its capital.
Joden, Godendnikov is a member of the AFC Ajax (amateurs) who are known as Joden. He has an nickname.
Adam Koc was born in Poland and fought in the Polish-Soviet War, where Joseph Stalin is a commander., American Adam Koc comes from Poland whose nationality is Poland.
Bailen is located in the Republic of Ireland., The country of Dublin is part of Repubblica, Ireland.
10 Hygiea has an escape beam of 0.21 km per seconds and its surface area is 837080.744 square kilometres. Its apoapsis is 523951582.33968 km/s., The epoch date of 27th June 2015 is the 31st of June, 2015. It has a temperature of 164.0kelvins and it was completed at their orbital area. It can be found at 10 Hygia's surface are 
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the capital of Texas. Austin is the location of the largest city in Houston., Austin is from the United States whose capital is Austin.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom., The location of 20 Fen Church Street, is in English, U.S.
Aaron Turner is associated with the band Isis and Lotus Eaters., The musical artist, whose band is as a member of their group Iss, is an rhythmian band which has its musician lotus eaters.
Alison O'Donnell is a member of the band Mellow Candle and he performs folk music. He was active in 1963 and his musical genre is Folk music.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and is succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis., The successor of the Adonis Georgidis, who worked at the post during the Vice-Ministre, was Constantins mitsSpartakis.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabate, Turkmenistan Airlines and has a runway name 12R/30L. It has an elevation of 2989.0 km above sea level in Metres 211 and is operated by the Turkmén Airlines., Athshagat international Airport's operating organisation is U.K. A.S.C. are served as Turkey Airlines.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the U.C Sampdoria club and is a member of the A C Milan manager, Sinovica Mihajlović., The manager of AC Milan is Sinjalimibrahimović and AlessioRomagnoli's club is in the United C.
Hip hop music is a derivative of Drum and bass. Hip hop musical has an origins of Gangsta rap., Abradab's genre is hip Hop music, which originates from gangsta Rap and performs his subgenre.
Athens is the Olympic Stadium in Athens, whose maire is Giorgos Kaminis and is located at Athens. It has a ground for Ajax Athens F.C., The largest city of Athens (Greece) is Giochi Kamines and its ground is Olympique Stadium.
Asam pedas is a fish cuisined in sour and hot sauce from Malaysia. The main ingredients of the Asam Pedas are fish cuisined in suc and sweet dessert.
Andrew White musician performs alternative rock which is fusion genre of Nu metal., Aندرو White's musical genre is Alternative rock.
Aenir was preceded by Castle (novel) before Castle., The Australians are an known as higher the Veil, which is in the country of Africans and has its predecessor to Castle.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, London, where the leader is the Labour Party (UK) and died in Sidcup., The leader of Manchester are the European Parliament and led by the Lavoro Party.
Adam Koc was born in Poland and served in the Polish-Soviet War, which was a Kashubian language. The commander is Joseph Stalin whose nationality is Poland.
Alan Shepard died in California., The Dead place of Alan Shepart is California.
Bandeja paisa is a Kidney bean ingredient in Bandeja paisa, which is from the Antioquia Department. The Colombian cuisine is one of the ingredients that are kidneybean., Bioteca paisa originates from Argentina and it is also found in Colombiana cuisine.
The 1st runway type of Alderney Airport is Poaceae and it has a length of 877.0., One of the surfaces of that ground is poaceae, are an area of 1.7 km long.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé, which was manufactured in 1958, has a wheelbase of 2160.0 millimetres and is designed by the two door coupé., Abarth 2000 GT Cabriolet produces an annual production date of 1958 and its body style is Two Door coupe.
Alex Day's genre is Synthpop and its stylistic origins are new wave music., Synthpop, which originates from New Wave music, is the genre of Alex Day.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade in 1972 and is a solo singer. He performs Rhythm and blues music, whose background is soliste., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovač comes from the band Rarison and Blues.
1036 Ganymed has a temperature of 160.0 Kelvins., One of the temperatures of 1036 Gnymed, is 16.0.0kelvins.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow and is manager Valery Petrakov., The manager of the FC torporchi, whose club is represented by Aleksandr Chumaikov.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. He has the west of Franklin County (Frederick County), Maryland and its northeast is Frank County., Austin County was established in Washington, United States, whose southest is Franklin counties.
The capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is Sri Lankan rupee. The country's leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the location of Adisham Hall is in Haputale., Adirham Hall, which is located in Havutale, is part of the leader of Pakistan, whose capital is Raja Raden Wickremisinghe.
The A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members and has a total number of members.
The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle Peppers and Cubanelle members are the Valencian Community., Aroos Jackets is from Spain and its main ingredient is White Rice, cubdillofish nó squelette, carottfish ou squicino, cannell pepers.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the leader of the country's Mayor.
Andrews County Airport is located in Andrews, Texas., The city of Andrew's Town Airport (Serve) was Serrived by Andrewes, Austin.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Adenan Satem., Adenian Satim was the successor of Abdul Taim Mogaud.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of Caterpillar Inc., The key persona of Douglas ROberhelmans is DouglasR Oberwarfan.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a member of the Executive car., Alfa Rome 164's class is ex-car.
The apoapsis of (410777) 2009 FD is 259776702.44075 km., (470077)2009 FD was a subsidiary of 250977 6702.46036 km.
 Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is founded in Ithaca, New York., The Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornelle University, which has its ffiliations with Associazione of America.
Andrew White is a member of the Kaiser Chiefs musician, whose record label is Polydor Records and was signed to the musical artist Marry Banilow., Abraham White (musician) performed at the B-Unique Records in 2003.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish-Soviet War, part of the Russian Civil War. The commander is Joseph Stalin. Adam Koc's birthplace was in Congrès Poland.
Bionico is a granola ingredient in Bionico, which has an ingredient of Granola., The bionico comes from the course of dessert and began to dessert.
Inuktitut is the language of Canada., The language in Uscitatut can be found in Canada.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It has a final airport on 28th August 2014 and its maiden ship is the 21st of March 2014.
The ALV X-1 is manufactured by the Alliance Techsystems.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States., Atlanta is from the U.S., where African Americanes are one of the ethnies groups.
GMA New Media, which was founded on 1st of December 2000, has its mobile applications. Felipe Gozon is the key person of GMA Network Center in the industry of Mass Media., The company of mass media produces Mobile Applications and began to launch it on 01/01/19 2000. It is made by Apple Inc. A member of the Massachusetts Network Centre. The leader of this company is felipe GOzon.
Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C. manager, Steve Bruce., The manager of Abel Hendez is Steve Barrett and has a club in the United States.
The comic character Bolt was created by Ernie Colón and the alternative name is Larry Bolatinsky., Dan Mishkin, who was born in Bolt (comics Caracter) comes from erniecolon and died away from Erni Colon.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is the leader of the State Senate., The state senate is a member of Albuquerques, N.A.
A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages and is printed., The A Glastonebury, which has the media type of print, is 512 pages.
AWH Engineering College is located in India, where Ganges are the largest city., The AWH engineering College originates from India's higher city and Mumbai is the leader of India.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. He is located in service and has a crew of 21.2 metres long., Azerbaidjan's ground is 21 km long and operated in Finland.
101 Helena has an mass of 3,0 kilograms., The mass total of 101 Helen is 3.0 kg.
The Star Spangled Banner is a country in the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group. The ALV X-1 originates from the capital of Washington D.C. and the largest anthem is The Star Spagnugre Banner.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the United Kingdom and has a 5.3 litres of carbs. It was assemblé in The U.K.A.S., whose moteur is 5.3litres and its related means of transport to the Alman Martin RHAM/1.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Tamil is Ranil Wickremesinghe and it is led by Ranils Wickresmerenghe., The Ampara hospital is operated from the state of the Anti Lanka which is home to the country's leader.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, where Joe Biden is the leader of the U.S. and he is part of Essex County, N.J..
James Craig Watson was born in Madison, Wisconsin. He died in the state of Canada and has 101 Helena.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova and is associated with Christian Burns. He plays Trance music for Armin van Buuren and he performs at the year 2009.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and was a member of the commander Leon Trotsky., Abraham Koc, who died in Congrès Poland, fought in the war Polish-Soviet War.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and was succeeded by Price Daniel.
Antioch is the leader of California's 11th State Assembly District., The 11rd State assemblage district in California, which is led by the United States leaders.
Casey Ribicoff was born in Chicago., Abraham A. Ribicef was a spouse of Casey Bribecoff, whose birthplace is Chicago.
A Severed Wasp was published in print and has the ISBN number 8805300., The bookbook of CongressClass is PS23.9.E55 S4 1982 and its media type is print.
Albany is part of Oregon, where the capital city is Salem, Oregon. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States., Albeny and Oregon is situated in Oregon.
The leader of the County Manager is Swords, Dublin., Swords and Dublin is led by the municipal manager.
The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on 28th September 2013 and is 3746.66 square metres above floor. It has 3 floors and 3, in the inauguration date of the 28st of March 2013., Akita museum of art, whose floor area is 35003 sqm long, began his inauguracion on 27th August 2013.
Barny Cakes was created by Mondelez International.,  Barnycakes, which is a Creator of the comic genre.
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and plays for F.C. Bari 1908 with the manager of A C Lumezzane, which is managed by MicheleMarcolini. He also began his club at Torino FC.
Arem-arem is from Indonesia, where the Javanese cuisine is led by Joko Widodo and its leader is Jooco Widnikov. The language is Indonesian rupiah., The country of Indonesia is one of the languages in Indonesia (which is also used to translate it). It is an currency that originates from Malaysia.
Albany is part of Georgia in the U.S. state, where African Americans are an ethnic group., The country's home to Albany, Georgia is situated in Georgia (United States) and has its denominations as American.
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members and a full name of Association Football Club Wysde., The A F C.fyllde is located in Warton,255) and its home ground is warton.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the musical artist Jwaydan Moyine and performs House music. Christian Burns, whose genre is house music, can be found in home music.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad., Alata Abdul Zahra, whose birthplace is Bagdad.
Batchoy is a country in the Philippines., The Philippines is one of the languages where batchoney can be found.
The United States of America is long name in the US., One of the long names are the U.S., which has an nickname for the USA.
The 2014 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is the season of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense.
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent, England and fought in Gulf War. He was a commander of the Grenadier Guards.
The Hypermarcas has a net income of 108600000 and its revenue is 1800000000. It has 10252] employs.
Aaron S Daggett was a member of the Battle of Mine Run and fought in Battles Mine run., The Battle's Mind Run is known as Aaron, S.
A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. The leader of the country is Andreas Voßkuhle and its architects are A Rosa Luna.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups from the U.S. The country's home region is Opelika and it has a location of Auburn.
Arròs negre is from Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader of Spain., Aroos 2395 is in Spain whose language is Spanish.
Ahmet Ertegun is from Washington D.C. and originated in the United States. He performs blues music., The country's musical genre is Blues, which is found in Washington DC.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh in Awadh, which is part of Bundelkhand and has an iceo location identifier VIAG., Agra Airport is located in Aadha as a member of the country's leader, RamNaik whose leader is Ram NAik.
The comic character Auron was created by Karl Kesel and Walt Simonson, Americans., Auron is a nationality of Americas who are an American.
The Bacon Explosion is a main ingredients of sausage., Sausage is an ingredient in bacon, which originates from the U.S. and can be found in the United States.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988., The Asher, Mary Elizabeth-Richardson house is located on 23 December 1988.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, United States and died in California. He was a test pilot and his Alma mater was NWC, M.A. 1957.
Origin of 1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95060.0., The variation period is 95000.0 and the length of 106.0 inhabitants.
Bill Oddie is a child of Kate Hardie., Bin who was born in Bill Odie and Kate Harie.
Amériques are an ethnic group in the United States, where African Americans originated., The ALV X-1 originates from the U.S. and is part of the US which has its national name as American.
Anderson is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union., Andrew, Indiana is a member of the United States.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California in the United States. The Greater Los Angeles area is located in Orange City, U.S..
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for Hamilton Academical FC and Barrow A.F.C., The club of Alan Martin's coach is Hamilton University of FC.
Alex Day was active in 2006 and played with Chameleon Circuit band, Charlie McDonnell. He performs Electronic music and is associated with Alex Day whose musical genre is Electronic.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Sergey Naryshkin is the leader., The leader of Russia is Sergery Narykhkin and diede in Ukraine.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and has an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0., The author of the book is EricFlint, whose media type is Hardcover.
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who plays Greymachine and has the genre of Black metal.
Chinabank has a net income of 15100000000., The net income of Chinabank is 1510000000000.
Albennie Jones's genre is jazz, which originates from blues., The musical genre of Albenny Jones is Jazz and originated from Blues.
101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days., The orbitals period is 1516,60000000000-3 days and it has the orbits of 101 Heliana, which has 16.70000003 jours.
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico, where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico. It is also available in the language Spanish and it can be varied with Cookie., The Bionico are an ingredient in this country which is part of the English language and comes from Spain.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, in Indiana, United States. Americans are an ethnic group from the U.S. and one of its leaders are the President.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press, in the United States. Barack Obama is the leader of the U.S..
Massimo Drago is a member of the A.C. Cesena, who plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio and managed by the AS C Cesenea., The manager of this club is The A-C.
The American Motors, a key person is Roy D. Chapin Jr., was manufactured by Eagle (automobile) and has the successor of AMC Matador whose headquarters is Eagle., American Motors's first leader is Frank D Chaplin Jr.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and has a runway length of 2439.0. The city of Appleton is dessert by 280 km above sea level.
Trane has a net income of 556300000 and its subsidiario is the building management system. Trane's revenue is 10264000000 and it was found in Swords, Dublin. It has an affiliated with the Building Management System.
The 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma is led by the leader. The country's ethnic group is White South African., One of the people who are leaders in south Africa and white SouthAfrica are an ethnical group.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan and is a Defender football club., The club of AlessioRomagnoli, whose manager is the FC Milan, was defender (soccer).
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is abbreviated to Acta Paleontol. Pol. It has an SSN number of 1732-2421 and its LCCN number is 60360714., The A Pala Eorontologic polonica, in the U.S.L.A.P. (in the ISSN Number: 1724-2421) and it has a helvetica number de 1736-2421.
GMA New Media is the parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal., The parent Company of GMA Nu Media and the Philippines Entertainment portal is home to the family company.
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County., Albia includes Alba Aulia, partly from alba County.
Antwerp International Airport is located in Antwerp, Belgium. The country's leader is Charles Michel and the English language is German., Brussels International airport was servesed by Philippe of Belgium, which is led by Carlo Michel. He also served as a French language.
The variation of the dessert is Ice cream., Ice cream is a variation of Desserts.
John van den Brom plays for AZ Alkmaar., The club of AZ Alkamaar is located in the club.
Antarmore Airport (New Zealand) is a 2nd runway surface type of Poaceae. It has the class Monocotyledon and its order is Commelinids.
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238] members., The A. S.Livorno FC has 191(38) members.
Al Kharaitiyat SC plays for the Qatar Stars League and is managed by Amar Osim. Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Al Khor and his club is Shabab Al-Ordon Club.
Chinabank is located in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands. The capital city of Chinabank, which was founded in Manila, is the insular government of Philippines.
Aaron S Daggett was a member of the Battle of Gettysburg and died in the Purple Heart., White Heart is an awards for Black Heart.
The Akron Summit Assault is located in St Vincent-St Mary High School., Akron's ground is the St. Vincent–St. Mary high School.
The industry of AmeriGas is the energy industry. The city of King of Prussia in Pennsylvania, which is operated by the Energy industry.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University, located in Mumbai, Belgaum. It was also given the TechnicalCampus status by the All India Council for Tecnico Education., All India Conference for Tecnica Studies has been founded in Bangalore and is part of the Vecchiaum University.
The 1955 Dodge has 230 cubic inches and its moteur is 230 cubes.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr. plays for the National Hockey League., The national Hockey Liga is a member of the team Aleksandrer barkov, Jr.
A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, in Rostock, Germany. He is the capital of Berlin and its leader is Joachim Gauck., The A Rosa Luna's constructed operated by The Apollo Luna, whose capital is Berlin.
Aaron Bertram is a member of the band Brian Robertson, whose genre is Ska punk and has been associated with Kids Imagine Nation., The Suburban Legends was affiliated with both Kids Inimagin Nation and his musical artist in the suburban state. He performs Ska Punk.
Meyer Werft is located in Papenburg., Mer Werf was found in Papienburg.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and fought in Battle of Fredericksburg. He won the Purple Heart, whose birth place is maine.
The AMC Matador, a Mid-size car, was assembled at Thames, New Zealand and has the alternative name of American Motors Matadores. Its body style is station wagon and its location is made with the V8 engine.
Alan B Miller Hall was located in Williamsburg, Virginia and is owned by College of William & Mary. He was building on 30 March 2007 and was constructed on 31 March 2007.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, part of Luanda Province and has a runway length of 4000.0., The city of the Angola international airport is 159 metres above sea level in Metres.
A.C. Cesena plays for Serie B and has 23900 members., The league of the A. C. Cedena, which is located in Cesene, was series B.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum, India. Its director is Dr G.P. Prabhukumar and its campus is in Soldevanahalli, Asarbaide Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road ( Bangalore – 560090.) and the capital city of Belgium has been founded in 2000.
Akeem Priestley plays for the Jacksonville Dolphins club., The AKeem Preeterley is a youth club in which I have their largest clubs.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad Airbase and Lockheed AC-130 are the fighters of the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon, which was operated by the U.S. Air force, who combatse invasion of Grenada, is an operating organisation for the US air Force.
N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham, England and died in Chennai on 17 November1868., The N.R.Pogçon's nationality is England who discovered 107 Camilla.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was a test pilot who worked as the test Pilot and his Alma mater was NWC, M.A. 1957.
The Barny Cakes are an a protein of 1.8g and its calcium is 18.0 g., Barnycakes are one of the types of cookies, which can be varied by Apple.
Binignit is located in the Visayas region., The city of Binignit, which is part of Visayeas, is one of the types of infections.
FC Terek Grozny is located in Grozze., The FC terek Gorzny's ground is for its ground.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the International Tennis Federation. The sport club is offered to tennis, which has been operated in 2000.
Andrew the Apostole is a patron saint in Romania., The patron of Romania is Andrew the Apostle.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans., The country's origins of Angola (which has a member of State) is located in Steusben counties in Indiana. The country is from the U.S.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is located in Rome, Italy and has 70634.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's record label is Movieplay., The record labels of which Alfred O Zitarroa has been written by filmplay.
Angola is part of Indiana, in the United States where Americans are an ethnic group. The country's language is English.
Sweet potato is an ingredient in Binignit, which has the main ingredients of Sago., Bananas succeeded by sago.
Buffalo, New York is part of Erie County, NY., 250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo (Arie County) and is the location of 250 Washington Avenue.
Allen Forrest was born on 4th of July 1981, 1981 with its origins in hip hop music. Funk is derivative of Drum and bass., The musical genre of Hip Hop music originates from Disco and funk plays as drum andbass.
The Barny Cakes has an protein of 1.8 g., And its protein is 1.8 G.
The NASA commander is David Scott and the Apollo 12 was operated by NASA., Alan Bean, whose nationality is in the United States, has a mission of Apollo 12. The NASA's operator is NASA and its commandant isDavid Scott.
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine and an alternative name of the Lincoln Coronet. It has 3 speed automatic transmission, and it is operated by the United States.
A Wizard of Mars is published by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 978-20-15-204700-2., The author of A wizard of Marte, whose book was hardcover, has an ISBN Number 978-1-15-204075-2 and he can be found in Hardcover.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of Cape Town and Cyril Ramaphosa is the leader of South African., The city of south Africa's capital is Capetown.
Bioso is an ingredient of Vermicelli., Basico is a gemelli.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by All India Council for technical Education, located in Mumbai, Arabian Sea. The sport club is offered to tennis and also plays at the International Tennis Federation.
Alba Iulia is from Romania, Romania., Albiulia's country is Romania.
Aleksandra Kovac is a member of the band K2 (Kovač Sisters duo) who performs Rhythm and blues music. He was associated with Bebe Dol and Bimbi Dol., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kasac, whose genre is Aritmi and Blues musician, has been associate with Bhbi Dol.
The HIV contains an species of Lentivirus., AIDS, which is a test of lentivirus.
Antonis Samaras was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis., The successor of Antonis Samares is Konstantinosis MittsSpartakis.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin, Texas and the largest city is Houston., The Spanish language is the location of Andrews Town Airport, which is operated by the U.S.
 Jens Härtel plays for SV Germania Schoniche club., Jensilä is a member of SV Germany wysscheiche Club.
The Atlas II final airport was the 16th March 1998., Atlas II is a final cruise in 1998-03-16.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria-Hong and died in Styria. He diede in Graz, a Tyrola state.
James Craig Watson was born in Madison, Wisconsin and died in Peritonitis. He has the 103 Hera discoverer whose nationality is Canada.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia (Spain) while the monarchy is Juan Carlos I of Spain, whose predecessor is Francisco Franco., Balaureat was Born in Galizia (Espagne). He was in office during the reign of Jose Franco and he died in Mronarch.
Adam Koc was a member of the Cross of Valour ( Poland) who fought in the Polish-Soviet War., Abraham Koc, who became an American Adam Koc's battle on the Polonais–Soviet war and began his cross of Valaur.
The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle Peppers and can be found in the Catalonia region., Aroos Jackets is a country from Spain and also comes from the Catalogonia regions. It is an ingredient of Maròs neri's main food originates from White Rice, cubdillofish to squelettefish ou squicino,
Bill Everett won Eisner Award.
Andrew Rayel is a musician whose genre is Trance music and Christian Burns. The musical genre of the band, Andrew Rayell's origins from pop music., Born in Pop music, he was associated with Bobina and Babboine.
Aaron Deer is associated with the Horns of Happiness., The Horn's deer, whose musical artist is The Corns Of  felicity.
The Dead Man's Plack was dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia and is made from Rock (geology).
The country's leader is Gérard Larcher and created the Barny Cakes, which was founded in Chicago, France. The language of Mondelez International is French.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. Texan is an English language and the country's origins of Texas.
The Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is located in Alagoas, Brazil. Its ground is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and are champions of Vila Nova Fampeonato Clube., Administração Sportiva Arapiraquense has played for the campeonato Brésil club and plays for it as a home ground at the Estestadio municipal Coacaracy de Matafonseca.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and succeeded by Isaac Rojas. He was a member of the Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy whose birth date is 1891-05-21. His successor was A Isabel Rojasa., The Vice President for the argentine Senate worked by Albertodnikovaire (born on May 05, 1891) and he was retired to theArgentine Navy.
101 Helena was discovered on 15th August,1868 and died in Madison, Wisconsin. James Craig Watson was born in the University of Michigan whose Alma mater is Université Michigan., One of the founders of 101 He are an academician of Canada who has succeeded his doctorat at the U.S.N.A.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian cuisine ingredient in red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa,shigao sauce, black pudding (morcilla) and Avocado and Lemon. The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa originates from Paisa region and comes from Colombiana cuisine., Bata paisa can be found in the area of
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kota SamSpartak and was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. His birthplace is Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak., Born in Royaume-Sarawak as well as the party part pesaka buimiputera bersatu.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, is 253260.0 millimetres long and operated by the ANADA Cruises. It has a top speed of 38.892 and one of the largest runways are 32.2.
Gangsta rap is a sub genre of hip hop music., Hip Hop music originates from Gangsta Rap.
Al-Khor Sports Club is a Qatar Stars League., The Al- Kluhor Sport Club, which is in the United States, has an league of the A-5 stars League.
1089 Tama has a escape velocity of 0.0068 km per seconds., The scappate Velocity is 0,0068kilometres per sec, and has an assorbimento of 0.068 kg/sec.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a crew member of the Nigerian Army., The army of Nigeria is an military Branch.
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician., The genre of Black metal is Black Metal.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, in Oregon. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The country's capital was Washington DC and one of its ethnies groups are AfricanAmericans.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin., The birth place of the 101 he was spent on December 31st 2006 and has an epoch date of 31 December 2006. The founder of 101 He was born in New York (Washington), Wisconsin).
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and is a member of NASA. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and was retired as the Apollo 14., The Apollo 14 operates NASA, whose mission is Apollo 14, which has an status of deced.
Baked Alaska is from China, where Standard Chinese is the language., The country of China is one of the languages standard Chinese.
The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis., Greek is the leader in Grec, which is led by Nikois Vou Tsis.
Abel Caballero was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain is the monarch., The Monarch of Abel Caallero, whose work was during the U.S.M.m.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the Suburban Legends artist and plays for Kids Imagine Nation., The musical artist of which, whose musician is Kids Illusion Nation, performs as a subsidiary largest band and has been associated with suburban Legend.
Ann Arbor is part of Michigan in the United States., The country's home region is Indiana, U.S.
Addis Ababa City Hall has 42 m height and its current tenants are Government of Addis-Ababa. It has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres and is 42m elevated., The current Tenants of the Halifax city Hall is governed by Adis Abbeba, which has an elevation of 42 millimetres in sq.m.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, which is designed by Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Güner. The capital of the country is Bako, whose capital is Baku., Kalu Turkmistic Warrams (capital of Bakou), has its Dedicatoary for the Ottoman Arm army military deployed soldats on the
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Billy Iuso and Theresa Andersson.
The United States is a member of the US based AmeriGas, which provides the energy industry., Austin Gas produces Energy industry in the U.S.
Audi was founded by August Horch and is a subsidiary of Ducati. Audi has the Audi A1 manufactured by Audi, whose division is Audi e-tron.
The top speed of Alcabra is 18.52]., Alhambra has a top Speed of 18.52.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a hardcover book., The media type of A fortress's blue Ice was Hardcover.
Athènes is the Mayor of Athens, Giorgos Kaminis., The maire of Atene is Giorgo Kamins.
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0., Aarhus airport has a ltitude of 2702.5 metres long.
The batchoy is from the Philippines, which is an ingredient of Shrimp., Batchoney can be found in الفلبين and its ingredient is shrimp.
Bhajji is a country in India, where the leader is T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are an Indian people., Bajji comes from the Karnataka region of India which has the demonym language of indian people.
Baked Alaska is from Paris, New York or Hong Kong in the United States. Its main ingredients are Meringue, ice cream and spongecakes or Christmas pudding. It is also a popular ingredient of Ice cream.
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20th of January 1930, in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and retired. He was selected by NASA in 1963 with the Alma mater of Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikkou, Morocco., Ait ikkou (Maroc), was the birthplace of Adam Mahers.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and is operated in Finland., Aleksandrei Bilikov, which has 21 2 metres long of service, is located in service.
 Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland., Abradab is the birthplace of Polish and died in Pologne.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The director of the Association, whose president is B.M. Reddy, was founded in Soldevanahalli, Asarbaide Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road at Bangalore – 560090., Acharya International Institute de Technology (based in India) has a campus campus in Santorini, as well as
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. was a member of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 and he died in Apollo 11.
1. FC Magdeburg plays in 2014 and is a season of 2014.
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and is located in Ireland., The city of Trane comes from the European region.
Bhajji is a leader in India, where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader., The country of India is led by Suamitra Maharajan.
Sadique Abubakar is the commander of the Nigerian Air Force., The Nigeriane Air force was a crew member of SadiqueAbubakar.
Olive oil is an ingredient of the Arrabbiata sauce in Italy., Arloata, which originates from Italy, is a food found in olive oil.
Bef kway teow is from Singapore, where Standard Chinese is the language.
300 North LaSalle is located in Illinois, Illinois. It has 60 floors., One of the surfaces of 300 North LASalle are owned by Illinois.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II, which originates from the U.S. and was launched by Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2, in Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., Antares (rocket) can be found in the United States.
Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, Bacon singer, piece 'n baco, bocon cob, becon barm, bcon muffin. It is an ingredient of Bread.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 27th 1987 and is located in Pacific Grove, California. It has a reference number 87000920., And its home ground at the United States are completed with the national register of monuments (1987-06-27) and it has an Additional number for the Aساسmar conference ground.
The academic discipline of Acta Mathematica Hungarica is the Mathematics., Acta Mathacahungarica, which has an Academic Discipline of mathématiques.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, a member of the University of Texas System and competed in the Big 12 Conference. He is affiliated with the U.S. system and has an ffiliation to the Université de Texas at Austin., The United States whose birthplace is Dallas and plays for the Great 12 conference.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from NASA. He was selected by NASA in 1963 with the Alma mater of Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
The Kashubian language is written in Poland., Paesi Bass has the language Kashoubian.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut and worked as the Mayor of Stamford (Connecticut), whose office is the Governor ofstamford.
Ahmet Ertegun died in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The musical genre is Rhythm and blues originated from Blues., The musical style of jazz is derived from Disco and disco originates from the U.S.
The 2nd runway surface type of Poaceae is poaceae., Antarmore Airport (New Zealand) has the 2rd operating Surface type, Poales and its order ispoales.
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire and died in Bananaman., Bananaman, who starred at the stars of Bill Oddi, is a member of the United Kingdom.
The Antares rocket is comparable to the Delta II, which originates from the U.S. The launch site of the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and has an associated rocket with Minotaur V., Antares (rocket) was launched in Mid Atlantic Regional spaceport Lans Pad 1 and its affiliated Rocket as Minotur V.
Alan Martin was born on 1st January 1989 and plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C., whose club is Aldershot Town FC., The footballer Alan Martin's birth date is from the 01st of March 1989 in the state of Adamsshottown FC.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in the state of Karnataka and was founded by Kempe Gowda I. Its west is Arabian Sea.
The United States Air Force played for the Operation Enduring Freedom and is operated by Al Asad Airbase, which has an invasion of Grenada. The U.S. air force was served as a member of the USAir Force who fought in the operation ENduring Liberté.
Anderson is part of Union Township, Madison County in Indiana, United States., The US is the U.S.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is the leader., The politician of which Patrick Alan is led by Akeam sacerdotley (born in Jamaia) was the President.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, the capital city of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte., The Ampara hospital is found in Singapore and it has its capital.
James Pain was owned by J. P McManus and is completed in 1862, Adare Manor who was architected by James Pain.
Agusín Barboza was born in Asuncion, where Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay. His language is Spanish.
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana., The Attica in Indiana is located in the Fencion County of Indiana.
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where the capital is Rome. The leader of Italy is Laura Boldrini and its language is Italian., The country's capital city is Roma.
The AMC Matador, a mid-size car, was assembled at Thames, New Zealand and has the alternative name of American Motors Matadores. It is manufactured by the AAMC straight-6 engine.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States., The Amarillo city is located in Potter counties and originates from the U.S.
The Labour Party (Argentina) is the party of Juan Peron., Jen Perón was a member of the Lavoro Party in Argentina.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and the leader of the United Kingdom, Elizabeth II., Abely II is led by the U.S. in the UK, whose leader is ElizabethII.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, in Oregon. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S..
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak., Abraham Tub Mahmoud was birthplace in Chennai, Indonesia and was partyed by the Basinar Ra`ayat jati sarawak.
A Severed Wasp was written by Madeleine L'Engle., The author of A Severd Waspo is Macqueline L.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl is a full name of Associaziones sportives gubbione 1910. Its ground is Stadio Pietro Barbetti and has 3800 members., The home ground for A.S. Gobbie 1910, with 5600 members in the 2014 season, was led by The AS Sports Gabbiano 1910 Si Rl.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and died in Göttingen. He was discovered 1036 Ganymed, whose Alma mater is University of Gottingen.
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983., The 11 Dutism Street has a completion date of 1983 and its final date is 1983.
The Castle roman is followed by Aenir., Aeneir was a member of the novel Castle (novel) whose follows.
Richard A Teague was employed by Chrysler and is a designer of AMC Matador., The architect of the company, Richard A teague, was designed by Robert A Tague.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and J Waydan Marchine., The band, whose musical artist was Andrew Rayele, performed by Gwayden Moyne, can be used to play for the musician.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow and is the manager of FC Terek Grozny, whose club is FC Amkar Perm. He has been managed by Rashid Rakhimov and was also a member of AS Kadry perm.
Arem-arem is a main ingredient in the Javanese cuisine and it has an variation of Lemper. It is also compresso rice cuisined in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings., The Aremam, which originates from javanese food, is one of the main ingredients for the fusion of raisins, can be found in Lamer.
Chinabank has a net income of 15100000000., The Chinabank is operated by banking services and its net income is 1500000000.
Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which was founded in Coventry. The successor of Alוויס Car is Rover Company who was succeeded by Rover company.
Walter Baade was born in German Empire and died in West Germany. He was doctoral student of the University of Göttingen, who was discovered 1036 Ganymed.
Aaron Deer is a solo singer in Indiana, United States. He was associated with Wee Giant and he performs Indie rock music., The musical genre of Aaron deer originates from the U.S., whose background is soliste and plays indie rock.
Arem-arem is located in Indonesia, Indonesia., The region of Arem are the regions of Indonesia.
The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob. Beef kway teow is from Singapore, where the country is one of the currency in Singapore., Befa Kway Teow comes from Singapour and it is led by Halmah Yaacob.
The epoch of (66063) 1998 RO1 is 2013-11-04., (66053) 1998 Ro1 has an edpoch date of November 4th, 2013.
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has an elevation of 23.0 km above sea level and it is part of Atlantic County, N.S., Atlantique city International airport is situated under the Sea level of 23.7 km/h.
Ajoblanco is a food ingredient in water. Ajoblanco comes from Spain and it is found in Andalusia, Spain. It is an ingredient of water.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London., The Dead place of Alfred garth is London.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacabin, which was completed in 1931. It was inaugurated in 1927 at the St. Benedict's Monastery, Addisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka.
A Wizard of Mars is published by Diane Duane. The ISBN number of 318900313 is 318875313 and the author of this book has an ISBN Number 314075313., The editor of A wizard of Marte, whose media type is Hardcover, was hardcover.
Anders Osborne is a rock musician whose record label is Alligator Records. He performs Rock music and was recorded by Akih Records.
The periapsis of 29919600000.0 is 29919590000. 0., (66391) 1999 KW4 has an perianpsie of 399196000.0.0.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States., The U.S. is a member of the US where one of its ethnies are NativeAmericans.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd runway surface type of Poaceae and is located above sea level. It has an elevation of 34.0, which is in the length of 14115.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London., The birthplace of Airey Nave is Statenbridge London.
Alison O'Donnell, whose record label is Fruits de Mer Records, was located in London. He has the musical label of Jazz and plays for Deram Records.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) has a length of 192000.0 millimetres and is located in Argentina., And its longueur is 193000.0millimetres long, the ARA V-2, which originates from Argentina.
Elliot See was born on 23rd March 1927 and was a defunted member of Dallas.
Albennie Jones is a solo singer who performs Rhythm and blues. The musical genre of the Blues is rock and its stylistic origins are blues and disco., Abelny Jones's background is sol-singer, which originates from blues music and has derivatives as Disco.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Chicago, United States and died in the United State where one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans.
The Ayam penyet serves hot and is served with hot., Ayamdnikov serve its largest temperature in hot.
Airey Neave was a commander in the World War II, which was commanded by Joseph Stalin., Joe Stalin's Commander is Airey Nave who fought in The World war II.
Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley F.C., Austin Martin's footballer is a member of Accring Stanislaf FC.
The Akron Summit Assault is located in Abilen, Ohio, United States., Akron's ground is A Register of the U.S.
Abel Caballero was born in Spain, where the Minister of Transport is the minister of transport., The manager of transports are the ministres and he worked as the Aire.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabate. It has a runway length of 3800.0 and it has an meters of 38.4 km long., Athshagat international Airport, which has the metres of 3900.0 airs, is operated by Shubat.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Sumac and has an musical fusion genre of Death metal., The black metal music, which originated from Black metal, was associated with Sumaca (band) and succeeded by Samuel Turner.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and was partyed by the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Born in Royaume-Sarawak is the birthplace of Abdul Tab Mahmoud.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was succeeded by the Nigerian Air Force and he was in office while Atiko Abrahám was Vice President. He was retired to obtenir oilsegun Obasanjo, a member of the Nigérian air force and his successor was Olasquegun Osbenjo.
Am J. Math, American Journal of Mathematics was abbreviated to Am J Math. It has an academic discipline of math and its first publication in 1878., Am JMath.
The ethnic group of Japan is  Brazils in Japan., Brésils are one of the types of Asians and Brasiliaans.
Aaron Turner is a member of the House of Low Culture musician who performs Black metal. The musical fusion genre of black metal is Death metal and was associated with Twilight band., Alan Turner, who plays Electric guitar and worked as well as the house of High Culture.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. English is the language in the U.S. The capital city is Washington D.C., The country's capital was Washington DC and one of the languages is English.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located at -3.3528 and has an elevation above sea level of 3.4075., The Amsterdam Airport Chiphol, which operated by the Siphol Group, was served as its operate organisation. The city's elevated to -3,4260 metres above sase level.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County in Indiana, United States. The total area of 16.55 sq km is 16,55 square kilometres., One of the U.S. are from Angola, whose state is located in Fort Cityship (Stubenz County) and it has a total population of 16.55 sq Km.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff., Accademia Di Archistettura de Mendritio is a student of 100 and its graduate staff is 100.
The amount of (66391) 1999 KW4 has an متوسط speed of 37.16 km per seconds and its apoapsis is 162164091.6036 km., (66391), 1999 KY4, a density of 2.0 gram per CubicCentimetres) is 16,164091.38 km/s.
Aaron Turner is associated with the band Twilight and Lotus Eaters. He plays post metal and performs Post metal in 1995., Alan Turner, whose musical genre is post-metal, was born on 1995.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995. He plays for Florida Panthers and is a member of the club whose football club is Florida Atlantic., The birth date of December 9th 1995, Aleksandrer barkov (born in Turkménistan) has been to play for United States.
Albennie Jones was born in 1914 and plays for Rhythm and blues music. He is a solo singer, whose background is soliste.
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny., RenéGOSCIENY, creator of the comic book Caracter.
Bo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman., Bobby Bibbeowski, whose full name is Bo Bibbaowski.
Bakso is a leader in Indonesia, where the capital is Jakarta. It is also popular in the vicining Southeast Asian countries and its leader is Joko Widodo., Javaco Widnikov is the leader of Indonesia whose language is Indonesian.
Airey Neave was active in the Battle of France, which was launched on March 30th 1979. He has an active year in 1974-04-04 and fought on April 30, 1979.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad Airbase, which was operated by the U.S. air force, is invasion of Grenada and belongs to the Lockheed AC-130 and the transport Airbus Boeing C-17 Globemaster III.
Akeem Dent was a member of the Atlanta Falcons, who plays for Atlanta Falces and Arthur Blank., Arthur Blank is owned by the American Alan Blank.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader. Agnes Kant worked in House of Representatives (Netherlands)., Agnes Kant's nationality is Paesi Bass and he was led by Mark Runte.
John Madin was architect of 103 Colmore Row., 103 Colmor Row was designed by John Maden.
The jazz originated from blues is Blues., A Jazz, which has its stylistic origins in blues.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 with an alternative name Edwin E. Alden Jr. who worked as a fighter pilot. He retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and is a test pilot. He worked as the Apollo 14. The NASA operated Apollo 14 whose mission is Apollo 14, which has an crew member of the NASA.
Abilene, Texas has 325 area code., The Abilenne is located in Texas with 325 surfaces and it has 323 areacodes.
Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904., The Asser Levay public Bath is a member of the year of Construction, 1904.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton and has the manager of A.F. C. Blackpool, which was managed by Alston Parker., John Parker's club is runcorn FCHalton.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group., The country's home to Albany and Georgia was in the U.S.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendritio, Switzerland. Its dean is Mario Botta and has 600 students who are an academic staff of 100.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. His army was the Nigerian Army., Administrated by M. Akibak, who was vice President and retired from work during the U.K.N.A.I.M. A.S.
Ace Wilder is a member of the genre hip hop music, which originated from Disco., Ase Breed's genre is Hip Hop music and has its stylistic origins in disco.
Julia Morgan was born in California and was architected by Asilomar Conference Grounds, which is located in Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. Julia Morgan has a significant building in the Riverside Art Museum., The Astronaut of Apollomar conference grounds are designed by Augusty Morgan and died in San Francisco.
Felipe Gozon is the key person of GMA New Media., The key persona of Felipe GOzon was FFernando Goson.
Abner W. Sibal was a crew member of the United States Army and fought in World War II.
DeSoto Custom, which was manufactured in 1955 Dodge, has a related means of transport at Chrysler Newport and the successor of De Soto Firedome., The constructeur desoto (automobile) is made from 1955's 1955 car whose currency is an relative transportation to it with chrysinewport.
Almond is an ingredient in Ajoblanco, which is from Andalusia., Ajoblanco is a food found in the region of Spain.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) was inaugurated on 27th December 1932 and is located in Turkey, where Ahmet Davutoglu is led by Pietro Canonica. The capital of the country is Ankara. It has a bronze material and an inauguration date of 1932-07-27.
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and plays in the Premier Development League, champions K-W United FC., Akron's U.F. is a member of 3000 Members and was also played for the Prime Development Football League. The leader of the UK is K W UnitedAFC whose team is managed by K w United CF and its number is 3000 people.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where White Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The country's leader is Joe Biden and its language is English., One of both the U.S. was led by Joe Baiden whose president is the President.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel and has 60 floors., One of the habitants from DuPage County, Illinois is part of Delaware County (United States) who are leaders at Chicago.
The Adisham Hall was located in Sri Lanka and is architectural style of Tudor and Jacabin, which was inaugurated in 1927., Addisham Hall has completed in 1931 and was building on 1927.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office during the 29th of May 1999 and succeeded by Olesegun Obasanjo. His successor was Mike Akhigbe, who attended the Nigerian Army and his predecessor is Oladipo Diya., Ahmed Abdulsu Alkarabe has worked at the 23rd of June 1999 with the Vice President to obtained the USEPA Diya.
Adam Koc is a national of Poland, where the Kashubians are an ethnic group., Amad Koc was born in Poland and its language is polonais.
A Severed Wasp is a country in the United States, where the capital city is Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group of the U.S., The English language was written in Great Britain.
Asam pedas is from Sumatra, Malaysia where one of the ethnic groups are minukkabau people. The country's population is Indonesian and Malaysian Malais., The Asam Pedas (which is part of Singapore) is situated in Sri Lanka as a member of Minangkabau People.
Aenir was preceded by Castle (novel) before the higher Veil., The novel Aeneir is precedeed by The Castle.
Abner footballer plays for Real Madrid Castilla which is managed by Luis Miguel Ramis and Coritiba Foot Ball Club., The manager of the club, Abner (soccerer) has played for Critiba Football Club.
The Antares rocket was launched at Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport and has a maiden airport on the 9th of March 2014., Antares (rocket) had an MaidenFlights on September 09, 2014 and its launch site is the Mid Atlantic Regional spaceport.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria., Austin was the birthplace of Alfons Ghorbach who died in Tirol (state) and is part of an Austria.
Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot. He is in the Apollo 11 mission, where Apollo 11.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum, India. It has 700 postgraduate students whose campus is in Soldevanahalli, Ahatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090., Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road ( HessarghattaMain Road), Bangalore– 500090. The As well as its president is B.M. Reddy.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24th of March 1989 and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar. He is a member of the FC Dynamo Moscow club., The birth date of 1994 in 1989, Aleksandr Prublanco's club is FC Kapitan Kovach.
 1097 Vicia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and its orbital period is 135589000.0, mass of 9.8 km per second. Its apoapsis was 410792000.0 km/s., The escape velocity ofدله is 0.0112kilometres per sec in 2006-12-31 and it has a masse of 89.8 kilograms.
The comic character Blockbuster, which was created by Roger Stern, was the alternative name of Roland Desmond., Tom Lyle is a creator of Blocbuster (comics character) and has its alternative names to TomLyle.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan. Its designer is Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Güner., Baku Turkey  Turc Martyres are dedicato to The Ottoman Arm Commander played for the Batag.
James Craig Watson was born in Madison, Wisconsin and died in Peritonitis. He is the doctor of University of Michigan who has 101 Helena founded., The student of King James Craig (born in Canada) was succeeded by the University Of Michigan.
Aaron Hunt is a member of SV Werder Bremen II and plays for Bundesliga. Viktor SSpartaknyk, whose manager is ViktorStiyek., Alan Hunt's club is SV Wirder Brem II in Bundesliga.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Williamsburg, Virginia. He was owned by College of William & Mary and plays for Alan B M. Hall.
Massimo Drago plays for the S.S.D Potenza Calcio and is a manager of A.C. Cesena, whose manager is Mistico Drago., The manager in A C Cesenea's club is made by AS SC Cesdena.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F.C. and Al-Naft., Al Naft is the club which has also the Al Nft of England, whose club is Steel AZin FC.
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for Accrington Stanley F.C. and has the ground inAccrington, Barry Ferguson., The manager of Clyde FC's club is Alan Martin.
John Madin was born in Birmingham, where the postal code is B postcode area. The leader of Birmingham is John Clancy (Labour politician)., The book code 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Maddin who was from Birmingham and died at the Labourpolitician.
Eric Flint was a book of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis., The author of the book is EricFlint.
Alvah Sabin, who died in Sycamore, Illinois, was a member of the 3rd Congresssional District of Vermont. He is located in Burlington, Vveromont and has an largest city in burlington., Allora Sabin's 2rd Congressional district is part of Vemont.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, United States and died in California. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and is a member of Apollo 14 whose Alma mater was NWC, M.A. 1957.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington in the U.S. where 7741 square kilometres are an area total of 77.41 sq km., The population of Auburn (which is operated by Duburn) is 76 41 square0000.
The largest city in Texas is Houston, Austin, Texas. The location of Andrews County Airport is Spanish and its capital is Austin., American Texan is one of the languages which is also known as New York City.
The Ariane 5 was launched at Guiana Space Centre and has a diametre of 5.4 metres. The maiden ship is 2005-12-11, made by Airbus Defence and Space and its final airport was on 18th December 2009., Aiane 5, manufactured by the AESA defense and space in 2005. It has an runway on August 11th 2009 and attended the Maiden Flight on 12th March 2006.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by Grantville Gazette III and published by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint., The author of the book, William De Marce et EricFlint, has a ISBN number 16833: It is owned by Vic.
The architect Julia Morgan was born in California and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, which is located in Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. It has a significant building in the Riverside Art Museum., Julia Morgan's birthplace is California whose architect is Julia Moore.
Alex Tyus was born on 8th of January 1988 and plays for Pallacanestro Cantù., Aleksandr Tyu, who died on 1st of March 1988, is a member of the Pallaconestro cantù.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is a coden code of APGPAC., Acta Paleontologic Polonico is the code name of The GPAC.
The United States Air Force operate the Al Asad Airbase, which was operated by the U.S. air force, is invasion of Grenada and has a Lockheed AC-130 at the Korean War.
Adam Koc died in New York City., Abraham Koc, who was a member of the United States, has an Adam Koc's death place.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, the capital of Rome and it is led by Pietro Grasso. It is officially written in Italian language., Piazza Roma is the leader of Italy whose capital is Rome.
The epoch date of the 3rd December 2013, (66063) 1998 RO1 has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815kilometres and an orbital period of 360.29 days. The mean temperature of 265.0 Kelvins is 26,5 km/s. It was completed on 4th November 2013., A potassias of 2505970,60815 kilograms in the area of 60063 1998 Ro1's moyenne temperature is 275.0kelvins and it
Bhajji is a leader in India, where the leader is T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders., Bajji comes from the Karnataka region of India.
Albert Jennings Fountain was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President and died in the New Mexico Territory., Austin G.D., whose birth place was born in new Mexico Territoriy, was worked during the appointment of Mr. D.S.M. M. C.E.N.C.
Bionico is a dessert of the country in Mexico, where the ingredient is Sour cream.
A-Rosa Luna, which has a length of 125800.0 millimetres long, was manufactured on the 22th of April 2004 and is made in Cruise Ship., The A Rosa Luna comes from the order on December 22, 2004. It's currency is 12250 km long.
Atlantic City International Airport, which is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, has a runway name 4/22. It has an elevation of 23 km above sea level and its length is 304.0., The Atlantic City international Airport's location is located in 31 km/h and began to work with the port authority of N.Y. and new Jersey.
Asser Levy Public Baths was located in 23rd Street (Manhattan) in 1904., The Asser Levay public Bath, which was found in 1905, has a year of struction on 1904.
The runway length of the Alpena County Regional Airport is 1533.0 and it has 210 metres above sea level., Alpina County regional Airport, located in Wilson Township, Innsylvania County, Michigan, is approximated from 210 kms.
Atlanta is part of Georgia (U.S.) in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Aleksandra Kovac was active in 1990 and performs as a soul music., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovač is Soul music.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and the predecessor is Oladipo Diya., Alessio Diya, whose successor is Olesegun Obasanjo.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, which is led by Aigbeben Patel., AKarnataka is the leader of Amdnikov niGufa, whose leader is Atiyeben Padtel.
Auburn is part of Washington in the United States, where Olympia is the capital., The capital city of Auburn (which is Olympia) was Olympia.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister, Konstantinos Mitsotakis., Antonis Samares was part of the Vice Minister whose prime minister is Antoni S Samara.
Baked Alaska is from Hong Kong, France. The country's leader is Gérard Larcher and the French language is English., The country of this country is led by Carrie Lam (politician) and died with the German language.
The languages of the Philippines is Arabic and the Ilocano people are an ethnic group. Batchoy, whose official language is Philippine English, is also called Igorot people.
The AIDAluna, which has a length of 252000.0 millimetres, is designed by Caterpillar Inc. and its maiden voyage was on 22th March 2009. It has 32.2 longs and the largest runway beam in Deltaluna., Adaluna's built with an height of 25250 km/h, it has 3,2.2 air.
Alvah Sabin was actively completed on 3rd March,1857., The active year is 1857-03-03.
Befa kway teow is from Singapore, which is in the Nation Wide in Singapore and Indonesia. The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, is operated by Danish Cruises and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres. Its location is in service., Adastella's runway was located in services and its largest operator is יאה Cruisees.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C., a member of the Turkish Basketball Super League and is coached by Zaw Sherf., Austin Tyu's club is in the U.S. A.K. whose coach is Viktor Shurf.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, is located in Azerbaijan. The leader of the country was Artur Rasizade and died by the Ottoman Arm army military deployed at the bataillon.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. The leader of India is Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan.
The order of Lemon is Rosids., A Lemon, which has the order Rosides.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the 4th district, which is located in the United States Army.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Socialist Republic of Serbia and is a solo singer. He performs pop music, whose background is soliste., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovač (born in 1972) is Pop music.
Audi A1, which is assembled in Audi Brussels, has 1.2 litres and has a 5 speed manual transmission.
Hypermarcas is a leader of the company S.A. (corporation) that was founded on 1st December 2001 and has its key person in the industry of pharmaceutiques, which is led by the CEO., Hipperas comes from the Brésil region of Brazil whose headquarters are drugs and one of his key people are an CEO.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups from the U.S. The capital city is Washington D.C..
The 1955 Dodge, manufactured by Chrysler, has a V8 engine and is transmission of 3-speed automatic. It has 120.0 inches in airbase., A 5 speed automatic it is operated by the 1955's course with an A8 Engine and its rotorbase is 12.0.0 (inch).
GMA New Media is located in the GMA Network Center, Philippines. Felipe Gozon is the key person of which is FFernando Gozozon., The leader of GGMA new Media has its products with mobile applications and it is made from Mobile Applications.
Bionico is a dessert of which belongs to the variation of Ice cream. It has an ingredient in bionico., Bice cream, it can be found in Bionico.
107 Camilla has an orbital period of 2368.05 days and a periapsis of 479343000.0 km and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 km. Its epoch date is December 31st 2006. It was discovered by F Vilas, and it has the possession of 5709370000.0 Km in 2006-12-31., The astronautic system of 107 CamillA (which has 238.04 days) and its orbitel period is 2368.0 days.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, which has a related means of transport in SEAT Ibiza., Audi A2 is made by the Audi and was associated with their transportation.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The leader is Mayor and Albany is led by the U.S., The country's home to an American whose name is American.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician and performs Jazz music., The musical genre of AlisonO'donnell, whose guitar is Autoharp.
AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors which has the fate of Eagle (automobile) and its destino is Eagle., The AMCMatador, produced from America Motors, was made by US Motors.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where Andrew the Apostole is the patron saint. The latin name of the Universityas Apulensis is Universitas Apuluiensis., Andor the apostole's Latin name is Universitas Apaulensis.
Alan Martin was born on 1st January 1989 and plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. with a length of 185,42 centimetres in the club Crewe Alexandra FC.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the capital is Baku. The legislature of the National Assembly (Azerbaijan) is governed by Artur Rasizade and was led by the leader of Azerbaïdjan., Azerbaidjan is the city of Bakou which is found in the national Assembly.
Adimisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, the country's language is Tamil.
The 3rd runway surface type of Poaceae, from Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is poaceae and has the division of Flowering plant., Poaceae are part of the ordinal Poales and an order of Paales.
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Shuvadan., The ground of AZAL Arena is the Azal Arena and has its ground at Shuvalian.
ACF Fiorentina is a member of the Serie A, in Italy., The ACF Incendio plays for Serie AS and its league is from Italy.
The BBC is a key person of Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead. Bananaman was broadcasted by the BBC in London., Bananaman can be radiod by The BBC city of London.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, United States. It is part of Clayton Winnebago County, Illinois., The Appleton international airport is situated in the US and it has a home ground inGreenville (United States).
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. It has the motto Raging Excellence.
Akeem Dent was born on 27th September 1987 and died in 1987., The birth date of the following year is 1987, whose birthdate was 1987.
AZAL PFK, Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais and played for the AZALPFK., The club of Alekse guruli's ground are Parc Olympiques Lyonnas and is a member of the ACAEL pFK.
Arem-arem is a main course in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. It is also found in the Nation Wide of Indonesia and has its main ingredients: compresso rice cuisined in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings., The Aremam are an ingredient of Banana Leaf, which is part of the Main course and is made from Java.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is led by Baack Obama., The leader of the U.S. are Baback Obama and 250 Donnell Avenue.
The Arctech Helsinki Shipyard is located in Finland, the icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov. He was built by Finns and its denomination is Finnes., Azerbaidjan's originated of Finland (which has the Deonym for Finn) is the constructeur of Alekséy Chukov.
Antwerp International Airport is located in the Flemish region and operated by the Federal Government. It has an elevation above sea level of 12.6.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II, which was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and has the mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It has an associated rocket with Minotaur IV in the U.S..
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the headquarters of Jinnah International Airport. The Allama Iqbal International airport, which is operated by the Pakistan civilaviation authority, was located in Jinna International award., Allama IQbal international airport is an operate organisation for the pakistan CivilAviation Agency and is served as the governing organisation.
Aaron Turner was born in Massachusetts and started his debut on 1995. He is associated with the band Twilight, which has Sludge metal., Alan Turner's musical genre is Sluck metal and plays for Lotus Eaters.
The Aston Martin V8 was manufactured by the Canadian Aton Martin RHAM/1 and has a related means of transport. The successor of the company is an Alman Martin Virage., Aston M. Martin, who was made by AC on March 1, died in Asun MartinRHAM/1. He was succeeded by ASmon Martin VIrage.
Anderson is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The US is one of the U.S.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand, which has an elevation of 34.0 metres above sea level and its runway name is 03R/21L. It has a length of 14115.
Walter Baade was born in Presistenzisch Oldendorf and died in the University of Göttingen. He was discovered 1036 Ganymed, who was doctoral student Halton Asp., Halton Arg was an students of the Universitas of Gottingen and his Alma mater was the U.S.D.E.U.I.A.N.O.
Deram Records is located in London., The Deram Record is found in Londra.
Ayam penyet is from Java where Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob and the language is English., The country's leader is Halmah Yaacob, whose leader was Halima Ysaac and its language originates from Indonesia. Ayamblancot can be found in Java.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, United Kingdom and died in London. He served as the nationality of the U.S. The country's birthplace is Manchester.
Amarillo is part of the United States., The Amarillo, Texas is in the U.S. where the US is found.
Frank G Jackson is the leader of Cleveland, in the United States., 200 Public Square is located in New York, U.S. and he is led by FrankG Jackson.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Bangalore, India. The state of Karnataka is the Arabian Sea and it has Teanaman west., Sri Lanka is one of the largest ethnic groups who are an Asian Sea.
 Abradab is a member of the band Magik (rapper) who was born in Poland and performs actively in 1994., Abradab, originated in Katowice, plays for Kaliber 44 musician and also began his debut on 1994.
 Silvio Berlusconi is the président of A.C. Milan, which was a member of the AC Milan., The Vice-Président in A C Milan's PRESIDENTE (Siccio berlusconi).
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and is a four-stroke engine., Alco RS-3, which was constructed by the Montreal Lokomotive works, was manufactured by Montréal locomotive work.
Andra is a musician who performs pop music. Disco is the fusion genre of Pop music.
Aleksandra Kovac's background is solo singer., The background of Aleksandra Kovač is soliste.
GMA New Media is a media company., The genre of GMA Nu Media has the type of Media company.
The Audi A1, which is assembled in Brussels, Belgium, has 1.2 litres and its front-wheel-drive layout. It is a supermini body style of Sedan., One of the types of AudiA1 is Supermini.
Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands national under-17 football team and played for PSV Eindhoven.
The ISBN number of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 1-439-92550-9 and has a media type in Hardcover., Alcatraz Versu the Labyrintans's book number is 03-59-92540-9.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the band Jwaydan Moyine and performs House music., The musical artist Armin van Buuren, whose genre is house music, can be used to play for the country music.
Shaitake is a shiitake ingredient in Batagor, Indonesia. Shumai comes from Indonesia and it can be varied by Siomay.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States., The country of Auburn (which is found in Le County) is from the U.S.
10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days., The orbitals period at 10 Hygia is 5,57 jours.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Born in Chennai, Indonesia, Abdul Taim played for the party pesaka bumiSpartak Bblanco.
Amatriciana sauce is in the region of Lazio, where Tomato is an ingredient., Tomato is one of the ingredients of Amatriciane which is found in LAzio.
The architect of 3Arena is HOK SVE and was completed in December 2008., 3Arena, located in Dublin, has been built by the architect hOK SSVE. It was to its final date on December 2008.
Bailen is part of Leinster.,  Dublin is located in Leenster.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi., The birthplace of Albenny Jones is errata (Mississippi).
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Joe Biden is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The country's capital is Washington D.C., Americans comes from the U.S.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada, where English is the language., English is one of the languages whose language is English.
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Taylor County, Texas, United States., The city of Austin County is the location of Abilenne regional Airport, which is situated in the U.S.
The Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States. The main ingredients of bacon explosion are sausage and belongs to the Sausage region., Sausage is one of the main Insects that can be found in an U.S.
The media type of Hardcover is written by higher the Veil.
Adonis Georgiadis is a Vice Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping., The Vice President of Development in the industry, Concludingences and Transportation is Adonisgeorgiadis.
The Alhambra was built by Samuda Brothers and is located in Deptford, which has 63800.0 millimetres long. Its power type is Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes.
Apollo 8 is operated by NASA., The NASA operator of Apollo 8 was NASA.
The Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is in Brazil and its champions are Vila Nova Ftiye Clube. It plays at the Cblanco club confederate of Sao Paulo, Brazil., Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's league is 2015 CSpartak Brésil.
The full name of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is A.
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and it has a Cruise Ship.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and Albany is located in Oregon.
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S. Città di Palermo, which is managed by Giuseppe Iachini and has an youth club in Serie A., The manager of the United States Citta di Pale comes from Peñarol.
Zan Tabac is a coach of Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C., whose coach is Žan cigar.
Akeem Dent was a member of the Houston Texans, which is owned by Bob McNair and plays for the Atlanta Falcons. He debuted with the Dallas Falcans in Atlanta., The location ofAtlanta Falcon's home team is BNC Nair.
Aaron Hunt plays for the VfL Wolfsburg club, Goslarer SC 08 and SV Werder Bremen.
Auron is created by Marv Wolfman., The comic character Auron (comics character) was creator of the comic book character Marm Wolfmann.
Adam McQuaid plays for the Columbus Blue Jackets, whose general manager is Don Sweeney and has drafted the team., The Boston Bruins's General Manager of this club is Dickey Stanney.
Ajoblanco is a main ingredient in Bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil and it is found in Andalusia. It is also known as breads, allmonds or Garlicwater water and olive petrol., And Ajoblanco's main ingredients are فطards, fourmeaux, frênic, air, olivohuile.
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The Anderson is home to the U.S.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and is a member of Christian Democratic Appeal party., Erasmus University Rotterdam, whose alma mater is an Erasmus Université Rotterdam.
Abilene, Texas has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres and an elevation of 524.0 km above sea level. The population density of 429.9 (inhabitants per sq km) is 28,5 sq Km., The Abilenne, in Texas are located at the elevated surface level of 52,4 km/m2. Its populationdensity is 4,29.9 people per square0000.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, United States and died on 28th February 1966. His Alma mater is University of Texas at Austin. He was defunted by St Louis whose nationality was the US.
The Antares (rocket) was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and is comparable to Delta II.
The runway length of the Alpena County Regional Airport is 1533.0.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia, where Arem-arem is in Indonesia. It is led by Joko Widodo and JusufKal are leaders., Indonesia's leader is Jooco Widnikov and Inaugurated from Indonesia.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where the capital is Washington DC. The country's capital was Washington D.C., Native Americans are an ethnic group of the U.S. and has its capital city.
Airbus Defence and Space is manufactured by Ariane 5., The Arian 5 which is made by the Airbus defense and space.
The manager of the club Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is Vica and has 17000 members. It plays for Vila Nova Ftiye Clube and its champions are Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and has 512 pages., Eric FINT is the author of 1634, The Rumblelion whose media type is E-book.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is established in 1928, where Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark. It was affiliated with the European University Association and has 737 academic staff., Anderson is led by Lars Lokke Rasussen whose headquarters are an ethnic school of business and social Sciences to the Ad hoc University (Aarhus), which was founded on 1928.
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20th January 1930, in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He worked as a fighter pilot and his Alma mater was Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zaheer Jamali whose leader is an U.S.K. are one of the operate groups of Lahore., In Pakistan, the country's leaders are an Alman Zakheer jamali.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is published in Hardcover., Eric FINT, author of 1634 the Ram rebellion (which has hardcover) is booked.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez is a manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for the C D.S. FAS club., Gerumberto Rodriguez's club is with the FC SC Club.
Fiat Croma is related to the Alfa Romeo 164 and its means of transport.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, part of Luanda Province. It has 159 elevations above sea level in Metres. The location of the Angola international airport is Icolo-Ebeno and it is situated in Uione (Luanda).
AIP Advances, which is abbreviated to A.T Charlie Johnson, was editor of AIP Adv. and has the coden code AAIDBI.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, part of Awadh and is 167.94 above sea level., The Agra Airport has an elevation of 16794. It is operated by the Bundelkhand.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer whose genre is Zamba (artform) and has the record label of RCA Records, where Hector Numa Moraes can be found. His background is soliste and he plays with the musical artist Ciro Pérez.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the World War II. He began his active years on 30th March 1953 and he became an active year on 31 December 1979., The birthplace of Airey Nave, who died in Knightbridge, is one of the same stages at theWorld WarII war.
Elliot See died in St Louis, part of the Kingdom of France. He was affiliated with the University of Texas System and has a doctorat for the U.S. system., The Université de Texas at Austin's Alma mater is one of its staff whose death place is San Louis.
Stuart Parker is a member of the A.F.C. Blackpool, who plays for Drogheda United FC and has its manager in the club Stockport County C.S., John Parker's footballer is managed by A F.E. blackpool (which is also operated by G.D.A.) and belongs to the Drogueda United CF.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, was owned by Costa Crociere and has a longueur of 253260.0 millimetres. It is 32.2 long and it can be founded in the Ship Beam 3.2.2.
Arros negre is an ingredient of Cuttlefish., The Arròs 2395 is a food found in the cuttle fish.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to the ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. and has the coden code ATSET., The codec code ASAT is ATASET.
Bronze is a material of Atatürk Monument in İzmir., The bronze was written by  Ataturk Monument (Istanbul) and its matériel is Bronze.
Peter Stoger is the manager of 1. FC Köln., The manager for 1.FC Köln is Peter Stogere.
The AMC Matador is assembled at Thames, New Zealand and has the alternative name VAD Classic. The body style of station wagon is a station-wagon., Ammetador's previous name was TAM Classic.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and Goslarer SC 08]. He is a member of the club VfL Wolfsburg, whose youth club is Goslerers SC 8.
The Alhambra is a ship beam of 8.3 m., Accesed to the Alcabra, which was operated by 8.3m.
Airey Neave was a member of the Order of The British Empire and fought in the Battle of France, on 30th March 1979. He became actively completed in 1979-03-30.
 Lemon is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa, which is a dessert of Limon. It comes from the species of Cirus.,  citron is one of its ingredients to be succeeded by bandija paisa.
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata. The city of Athens is Serrived by Athens., Athens International airport is operated by the state of Atene, which is situated in Spta.
The main ingredients of Batagor are the fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce. It is also available in Indonesia, Indonesia., Batagor is a part of Siomay and it has an ingredient in Peanut-sauce.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and is a member of the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. Julia Morgan, whose building is Asilomar Conference Grounds, was built by the architect Julian Morgan., Rosalia Morgan's significant building has been founded in California herald examiner.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Sumac and has an genre of black metal., Black metal musician, whose musical genre is Black metal.
GMA New Media is a media company in the World Wide Web. It has an industry of Entertainment and its products are one of the types of MEDIA company., The TV company, GMA new Media, was manufactured from Monde Wide web.
Arros negre is a Cuttlefish ingredient in the region of Valencian Community., The Arròs wys are one of the ingredients at the area of Valence and can be found in this region.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. The leader of India is T S Thakur and the leader is to T.S Thakar., Amidda niGufa was built in Amadd India.
Auburn, Alabama is from the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the US., The country of Auburn (Alabama) is part of the U.S.
Akeem Ayers, who plays for the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, is a coach of the Tennessee Titans and Mike Mularkey. The debut team is the los Angeles Rams that was established inLos Angeles (United States).
The ethnic group of Poland is romani people., Polainn has the thnic group from Romani people.
Andrew White is a member of the Kaiser Chiefs musician, whose record label is Polydor Records. He plays for Marry Banilow and he performs in 2003.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which bacia in the Korean War and fought in Operation Enduring Freedom.
Alan Bean, whose commander is David Scott, was a crew member of the NASA. The Apollo 12's backup pilot is Alfred Worden and its commandants are an Apollo 12., The Apollo 12, which is operated by NASA (David Scott), commanded by Alan Bean.
Anderson is part of Indiana, which is led by the Democratic Party (United States) and is in the capital of Indianapolis. The United States is the headquarters of Washington D.C..
Aleksandr Chumakov, whose leader is Valentina Matvyenko, plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. He was manager of the Soviet Union national football team and died in Russia., Administrated by Valery Petrakov comes from the U.S.T.R.C., Aleksandr Chumaikov's club is FC To torporchi which began to succeeded in Russian.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States and a spouse of Ruth Ribiceoff.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alex Bergheau, Jonny Rose, and Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin. He performs House music and plays in house music., The musical character of Andrew Rayl's genre is House Music and was affiliated with American Burn
Abdul Taib Mahmud is from Kota SamSpartak., Alham Tab Mahmoud is part of Kota SampKarnataka region.
Anaheim, California is part of the United States Capitol and is led by Tom Tait. The country's language is Spanish., The U.S. House of Representatives are leaders in California, which is situated in the US-Capitol.
The Abilene Regional Airport is located in the city of Austin, Texas. It has a runway length of 2194.0 and an elevation of 546 metres above sea level.
Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil is main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce., The main ingredient of the arrabbiates are tomates, rouge chili and Garlic and olive ola.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th September 1987. He played for the Atlanta Falcons team and debuted at Atlanta Falcans., Atlanta Falcon's birthplace is Atlanta (Georgia), who died in 1987-09-27.
Arròs negre is a Cuttlefish ingredient in the region of the Valencian Community, Spain., Aroos wys are an ingredient for the Catalocal Community and can be found in Spain.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr was born on September 2, 1995 and plays for Florida Panthers. He is a member of the football club, which has its birth date on 9th December 1995., The club of Aleksandrer barkov Junior (born on November 9, 1995). He began his debut on June 09th, 1995 with an American Football Club.
Buzz Aldrin was retired and served as a fighter pilot., Born in the Army Pilot, Buzz Aldran is an crew member.
GMA New Media is located in Quezon City, Philippines. The industry of the mass media is Mass Media and its manufactures are mass médias., The MANew Media (which is operated by Masse Media) is made from the Philippines.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre and its area code is 505, 575 and it has 486.2 sq km. It has an area of total of 490.9 sqkm., Albaquique (New Mexico), which has the surface of land of 48,6 sq Km and was totaled of 50,9 millimetres. Its populationdensity is 1142,3 people per round kilometres.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, part of Ellington and Little Chute., The city of Appleton is the location of appleton international airport that is operated by Orangeville (Ellington) and it is situated in New York City. It was servesd by Appletone.
The dessert is a variation of the dessert., Bake has an variation of dessert.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas., The Amarillo in Texas is located in Potter counties.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association., Aarhus College has its headquarters in Brussels and was affiliated with an European Universit Association.
Arem-arem is located in Indonesia, where the leader is Jusuf Kalla and Java is led by. It is more specific to Java.
The comic character Bolt is created by Ernie Colón, national of Puerto Ricans and the alternative name was Larry Bolatinsky.
Akeem Ayers was formerly involved in St Louis Rams and drafted 2 round., The draft of the draft is 39 and it has a draft order of 39.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students whose campus is in Soldevanahalli, Ascharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road ( Bangalore – 560090.) is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Arròs negre is from Spain, where the leader is Felipe VI of Spain. The country is one of the ethnic groups in Spain and has an euro currency.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. is the full name of Associazione C.Chievo Verona, in Italy and has 39371 members., The home ground for A.C. chievo (Verona) is located in Serie A on 15th September 2014. It has 39371 members.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. The town of Adams is Cumberland County (Maryland) and has to the southeast of Carroll County as a municipality of Gettysburg.
Hypermarcas, which is located in São Paulo, Brazil, is led by the President of the Supreme Federal Court and produce drugs., The leader of Brazil has the title of Vice-Fiscal Court whose company is the president of The Supr federal Court.
Budapest is located in the country of Hong Kong., Bhouts are from the city of Hungary.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Ohio. It has 45 floors and its floor count is 45.
The LCCN number 57059226., Administrative Science Quarterly has a U.S. I.L.N. number 5759226/.
The Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States. The leader of Manhattan is Gale Brewer and was led by the US.
The main ingredients of the beef kway teow are Kway Teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shrid, seced black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, Lengkuas, oryster salsa, soya and chilli and sesame oil. It is found in Singapore and Indonesia.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and operated by contributing property., Austin County (United States) is from Cumberland County of the U.S.), which is part of Contributing property.
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors., The location of the AC hotel Bella sky Copenhagen was Marriott international.
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa., South Africa's capital is Cape Town.
Italie is a demonym of Italians., The Italy's home name is Italian.
Adam Koc won Cross of Valour ( Poland)., Abraham Koc, who was a member of the cross of Valaur in Poland.
The leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza., 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, part of DuPage County, Illinois, United States and is led by the U.S.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Nikos Voutsis is the leader of Greek. The country is led by Alexis Tsipras and whose language is grec., The A. E Diamitra Afxeitoupolis (which is situated in Ghréig) is part of the city of Greug.
Adenan Satem was born in Sarawak and succeeded by AdenianSatem. He was a member of Barisan Ra'ayat JatiSarawak, Japan occupation of British Borneo., Abdul Taib Mahmud was the birthplace of Saorawak whose successor party is Bampeonato Japanese Occupy.
Trane was founded on the 1st of January 1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin., Corner Trane's fondation date is 1913-01-01.
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where the capital city is Rome. The leader of Italy is Laura Boldrini and it is led by Pietro Grasso., The home ground in Italy are Italians whose capital is Roma.
Bananay Cakes are a variation of chocolat., The Barny cakes are similar to the desserts and has an variation of chocolate.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, was owned by Costa Crociere and operated by Danish Cruises. It has a length of 253260.0 millimetres., Attastella is affiliated with the AIATA Cruisees and its location is 25360.0millimetres.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has a rotation period of 9953.28 and an epoch date of 14July 2004., The erodication of the érosion period (66391), 1999 KY4 is 993.28. It was completed on 14th March 2004 and it has its edévre period.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which has an elevation of 23.0 km above sea level. The IATA location identifier KACY is 4/22.
The Ariane 5 launched ELA-3 is operated by the Guiana Space Centre, located at Kourou, French Guana. It has its headquarters and was Launched with the Apollone 5.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and has a runway name 14L/32R.
A Long Long Way is a language in English, followed by The Secret Scripture., English is also written in the Great Britain and its language is used to translate it.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has an population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre., The population Density for Ann'Arbor ( Michigan) is 1581,7 inhabitants per sq km.
The film of Baymax, created by Duncan Rouleau, is Americans and starred with Jamie Chung., James Chung died in the series of Big Hero 6 (film) who plays big Hero 6.
 Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities in Ithaca, New York. Cornelle was published on the Administrative Science Quarterly, which has an nickname of Corneln Big Red.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II, which was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and has an associated rocket with Minotaur IV., Antares (rocket) comes from the United States in the Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola., The city of that country is the location of the U.S.A.I.E.B.
The first aired of Bananaman was broadcast by the TVV and starred Bill Oddie., Bananaman, whose first Aired on 3th October 1983, is a radiodiffused by STV.
The A.F.C. Fylde is located in Bryning Lane and has 3180 members., Bryינג Lane is the ground of A F. C. Wysene, which has 300 members.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where Auburn, Alabama is located., Auburn (Alabama) is in the U.S. and its capital is Washington DC.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka. It has 476 lits and its bed count is 476 litres.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C., Washington DC is led by Auburn, whose capital was Washington, D C.S. and it is found in New York (state).
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.0., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baras Airport, which can be found in Alcabenda's, was designed by the Avenida Saoudite.
 Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is in Ithaca, New York. The publication of the Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornelle University, which has an nickname of Corneln Big Red.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made from Red granite and white marble, dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers uccisi in the Battle of Baku. The monument is located in Azerbaijan, where Artur Rasizade is the leader., Azerbaidjan is an ethnic army served by the Ottoman Arm troops who their martyrs are a member of the USTIN Turkey which
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has an ISBN number of 1-439-17684-0., The author of Aenire, whose book number is 0-3917680-4.
The architect of 3Arena is HOK SVE., 3Arena, located in North Wall, Dublin, is designed by the architect OOK SSVE.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois., The location of the CaterpillarInc is peoria ( Illinois).
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi., Maruusi is the location of the lympic Stadium, and it has an area of Marusi.
 Hook'em (mascot) is a mascot of the University of Texas at Austin., The University Of Texas in Austin is made by Hook’em.
The AIDAluna, which is owned by the Danish Cruises, was founded in California. It has a power type of Caterpillar Inc. and its location is Rostock., Adaluna (capital of California) comes from ROstock and it is operated by Denmark.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., The Alcatraz Versu the Opossum Libraryans are in the U.S. The country's language is English.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria and died in Austria., The leader of Austria which is Doris Bures and whose leader comes from the country's leader (orchest), began his birth place in Ist.
Adam Koc, who was a member of the Cross of Valour ( Poland), fought in the Polish-Soviet War and became an order of Polonia Restituta., Abraham Koc's birthplaced Adam Koc has been born in Polacco and began his war on the polonais-soviet war.
The Australians are one of the types of higher the Veil, which was preceded by Aenir., Aenire is an American whose country is known as a latter.
Bionico is a granola ingredient in the course of dessert. Bionico, which has an ingredient for Granola, belongs to desserts., The bionico's dessert is varied from cheese and one of its ingredients are granulola.
Banana is a main ingredient in Binignit, which is from the Visayas region of Philippines. One of the main ingredients are sweet potato and belongs to banana., Binignit can be found in the Philippines area of Viyans and has an ingredient of Banana.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by the European Space Agency and launched ELA-3, which has 5.4 metres of diametre and is completed on September 27th 2004., Ariane 5's maiden ship was on 2nd March 2004 and its final airport is 2003-09-27.
Bionico is from Guadalajara, Mexico where the main ingredients are Chopped Fruits, Sour cream, Condensed Milk, Granola, Shredded Coconut and Raisins., The main ingredient of Bionico can be found in Colombia, which is also a chopped fruits sucred, sour crema, condenseed Milk (granola), shrened Campeonato and Richins.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The largest city is Anderson, In Indiana., Alexandrin and Anderson are one of the higher cities.
Baked Alaska is a dessert course., The Baked Arctic has an oil of dessert.
Albany is part of Oregon, where the largest city is Portland, Oregon., Albeny is in Oregon and has an higher city in Portland.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis plays for the EPSTH 2nd GROUP and has 1500 members., The A. E Di Mitr EfSpartak is a member of 1500 people and was played in the ASEPSTH 2.
A.D. Isidro Metapan is a full name of the Association Deportiva., The A. D. It is partly known as an American Idir Metapán.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati sarawak party., Abraham Taboud, who belongs to the Barack Republic ofSarawak, has an residence place in Sanrawak.
107 Camilla was discovered by F Vilas., F. Vila's discoverer 107 Camille is the discoveror of 107 Camila.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and has 12 cylindres. It has a length of 17068.8 millimetres., Alcole RS-3, which has an exhaustion of 12 litres, is 1708.8 mm long.
Abilene is part of Texas, in the United States where Washington DC is the capital. The country's capital is Washington D.C. and English is one of the languages used in Texas.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, part of the Community of Madrid., The Adolfo Suarez Martinez Madrid-Baratajas airport is found in Alcabenda's.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is located in Great Britain, the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and the leader of the United Kingdom, which is led by David Cameron. The publication of this journal has an written book to Lippencott William Jillins.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio. The governing body of Cincinnati City Council is the United city Council.
Akeem Dent was a member of the Atlanta Falcons who plays for Houston Texans, which is owned by Arthur Blank., Arthur Blank is an ancien team in Atlanta and has been built by The Atlanta Falcans.
Asam pedas is a member of the Malaysian Indians, whose leader is Ariffin Zakaria and are an ethnic group in Malaysia. The country's leaders are ARIF Zanaria.
The AIDAstella is a ship in service on 17 March 2013.
Joseph Klaus was a student of the University of Vienna., The Alma mater of Josef Klaus is Université de Vienna.
The AmeriGas is located in the United States and operates 380000000. It has an operating income of $380,000 and its energy industry is one of the industries., AmeriGas's manufactured from the U.S.
The Alhambra length is 63800.0 millimetres and it has a wrecked status., Alhambra, which has an beam of 8.3 m long, was operated by the Albubra whose runway is 8.3m.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. He has Franklin County and Carroll County (Maryland) whose community is contributing property., Austin County is part of the United States that can be found in New York, Athens west of Franklin counties. This monument is categorised as well as Contributing property.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He won the Purple Heart, which has a bronze heart.
A-Rosa Luna was christened on April 4th 2005 and has a length of 125800.0 millimetres., The Christian date of A Rosa Luna, whose christening date is 2004-04-05, was the born on 3rd March 2005.
Trinidad is the country of Point Fortin., The city of Trinidad's City is located.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where Americans are an ethnic group. The country's originated from the U.S. and one of the indigens groups are Native Americanes., In the state of Angola, whose population is native americans, can be found in State (state) as a denomination of American.
The Delta II launched the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., Aviation Station, which is led by Atlantic II, is the Launch site of the delta II.
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana., Indians are located in the city of Indianapolis.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the building of Jan 2009., The building was January 2009 and its building date is December 2009.
Adam Koc was a member of the Virtuti Militari Award in the World War I., Abraham Koc, who fought in World war I, plays for virtuti militari.
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is a ground in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C., Vila Nova Folfsburg Clube is led by the ACcademia and plays for the FC Arena BrasiliaC.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was selected by NASA in 1959 as a member of the NWC, M.A. 1957 and his Alma mater was North C.M. A.S. 1958., The birth date of June 18th 1923 is spent on May 18, 1923.
Ayam penyet is a main ingredient in the Ayam penyeta from Java and Singapore. Its main ingredients are squeezed or punched fried chicken served with sambal and its serves temperature is hot.
 Asuncion is part of Gran Asunción., Asuncion, which is in gran Asunciones, is the location of Asunció.
The Aston Martin V8 was assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom and has a 5.3 litres. It has an related means of transport to the Sally Martin RHAM/1.
The maximum temperature of (66063) 1998 RO1 is -71.0degree Celsius and has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km. It has the minimum temperature in 71.0 degré celsius, a length of 500.0 Kelvins., One of the following types of average temperature is 750.0kelvins and one of its maximal temperatures are -750.0 litres.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Esteghlal Ahvaz FC in the Iraq national football team and is manager of Adnan Hamad., Ahmed KadhamAssad, whose manager is adnan Hamd's club is this which is a member of the U.K. National Football team. This club was formerly played for the Associazione N.I.F.C. He also began his manager.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County in Indiana, United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and Covington is CovINGTON, which is found in the city seatle of Attica (United States) whose capital was Washington DC., The country's capital are Washington C.D.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid– Barajas airport is the location of San Sebastian de Los Reys.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent, Kent and is a member of the Conservative Party (UK), whose Alma mater is Magdalene College Cambridge., Amy birthplace of Kent comes from Kent with an Alma Mater of Magdaleen College, Cambridge.
Alvah Sabin was born in Sycamore, Illinois and died located in the city of Burlington, Vermont. The leader of the Whig Party (United States), whose leader is Henry Clay., Allora Sabin's party is affiliated with the Wgh Party for the U.S. are an largest city in burlington-Vermont.
The Al-Taqaddum Air Base is located above sea level and has an elevation of 84.0.
A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. Germans are the leaders of Germany and led by Stanislaw Tillich., The architect of A Rosa Luna is Neptun Wirft, which has its demonym language as German.
Andrew Rayel, whose musical genre is Trance music, plays for Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Aaron Bertram is a member of the band Brian Robertson (trombonist) who performs Ska punk music and was associated with Kids Imagine Nation. Its musical genre is Ska Punk rock., The Suburban Legends, which has its stylistic origins in Punk Rock, can be found in both groups and plays for Kids Inimagin Nation.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is manager of Christian Panucci, who plays for the Italy national football team., The A S.Livorno Football club is managed by Christian Banucci and he also belongs to the Italian national FC team.
The architect John Madin was born in Birmingham, where Andrew Mitchell is the leader of Birmingham City Council and his postal code is B postcode area., 103 Colmore Row was a member of the governing body for Birmingham city Council whose leader is Andrew MMitchell.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has a runway length of 308.0 and it is operated by the Atlantic City international Airport., Atlantique city International airport (which is situated in egg Harbor township) is part of New York, U.S.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is called 14R/32L., The runway name of Adolfo SuarezMadrid– Barajas airport is 14 R/32 L and has the location name in Asteroids Saoudite.
Austin, Texas is a city manager in the United States. The leader of Austin is City Manager.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University and has an affiliated with Association of Public and Land-grant Universities., Cornell University, which was written by the Association for Public & Land Grant Universites, is in the publisher of the School of administrative science quarterly.
Andra, whose musical genre is pop music, was completed in 2000 and plays Pop music.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and Anderson is the largest city.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, where Diego Santilli is the leader., The leader of which Albertodnikov was led by Diego Sanilli and diede in New York.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians are an ethnic group of Native Americans in the United States. The English language is written in Great Britain, which originates from the U.S.
The periapsis of 88234300.0 and (410777) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch. It has an orbital period of 39447000.0 and its perian is 88.2843000.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba., The birthplace of Alex Plantes is located in Manitoba.
ALV X-1 originates from the United States where White Americans are one of the ethnic groups., Advx-1 is originated in the U.S., which was demonym to American.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located in Auckland., The Ardmore airport, New Zealand's location is and it has a tenant of the Accademia.
Austrian German is the language of Austrian Germany., The English in Austria's languages are Austriani German.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 March 1987 and is located in Pacific Grove, California., AsiloMar Conference ground has a currency at the United States whose official monument is 1987-06-27.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, United States. He was architected by Robert A. M Stern and the currenttenants are Mason School of Business., The hometown of Alan B Ball Hall (in Virginia), whose architect is RobertA.M. Stern.
The South Jersey Transportation Authority is the Chief of Stephen Dilts., Stènes Diltts was the leader of SouthJersey Transportation Agencies.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of Caterpillar Inc, which is located in the United States. The AIDAluna has its power type and comes from the U.S..
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and served as a test pilot. He is the NASA leader of Apollo 12 whose mission is Apollo 12., The NASA operated by NASA, Alan Bean's worked as an Test pilot.
Abilene is part of Texas, where Austin is the capital city. The country's capital is Austin, Texas and the largest city is Houston., The United States is one of the leaders in Texas whose language is Spanish.
The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle Peppers and is found in Catalonia., Aroos Jackets are an ingredient of Cephalopod enk and it is also available in Spain. It is part of the Catalogonia region.
The A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States., A U.S., The editor of this book is Sohi Press.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages and has a ISBN number of 1-439-92550-9., Alcatraz Versu the Labyrintans, whose book number is 03-29-92540-9.
Ayam penyet is from Singapore and has a Baduy ethnic group in Java., The country of Java's region is Singapore, where Ayamdnikov is one of the languages that belongs there.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. It was founded in 2000., D. G. P. Prabdnikovar, the director of the Association as well as its Dr.
Abilene is part of Texas, in the United States where Washington DC is the capital., The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C.
Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of Mexico where Bionico is a dessert. Sandesh (confectionery) is an ingredient in bionico, which comes from Mexico., Bionico was located in Mexico and it is led by Enrique Perez Niete.
Hypermarcas is a drug company found in São Paulo., The Hypermarca's products are drugs and belongs to the Drugs.
The New Mexico House of Representatives is led by Don Tripp and the leader of Albuquerque, in the United States.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay, where Tabaré Vázquez is the leader., The leader of Uruguay's leader is Tabare VáZquez.
A Wizard of Mars is published by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 31775313]., The author of A wizard of Marte, was Dianne Deane, has The ISBN Number 298875413].
Hypermarcas was founded on 1st of January 2001, in São Paulo. The subsidiary of the Mantecorp is Manteccorp.
Ajoblanco's main ingredients are Bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil., The main ingredient of Ajoblanco is the bread, allmonds in four carries, or it is olive.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, part of Luanda Province. It has 159 elevations above sea level in Metres. The city of Angola is situated in Icolo (Bongo)., The location of it is at the Uanda region of Lussemburgo and its capital is 159 metres long.
Akeem Ayers was a debut team in the Tennessee Titans, St Louis Rams. He is formerly played for St-Louis Rams and he plays for the city of St. Louis., The first team at the United States are Steeem Amyers.
Georgia (U.S. state) is located in the United States., The country of Georgia is from the US.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the capital city of Austin, Texas., Anderson's town is Austin.
The film Big Hero 6 starred Scott Adsit and created Baymax, Duncan Rouleau, nationality of Americans, was Steven T Seagle., Bianmax is a comic book in the film big Hero 6. The stars of Bob Adset and he plays for Black Hero-6.
Airey Neave was a service in 1935., Airy Nave, whose service was inaugurated on 1935.
Anders Osborne is a record label in Shanachie Records., Born as well as the band of Shanai Records.
Vegetable is an ingredient of batchoy., The Vegetable ingredient, which is succeeded by the Batchoney, is vanille.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., The country's language is English and also one of the languages that originates from the U.S.
The AMC Matador, a station wagon, was assembled at Thames, New Zealand and has the alternative name of American MotorsMatador. It is operated by the Central Station Wagon., At similarly comes from the United Motors Matadores who are one of the types of AFC V8 engine.
The Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, in the capital of Rome., Arrabbiata salsa can be found in Italy and its capital is Rome.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad Airbase and Lockheed AC-130 is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III, a fighter of the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. The U.S. air Force was operated by the USAir Force and began its invasion of Panama.
Ajoblanco is from Spain where the leader is Felipe VI of Spain. Its language is Spanish and Euro is one of the currency in Spain, which is an euro.
Pietro Canonica is a designer of the Atatürk Monument in İzmir., The architect of which, Pietro canonica, was designed by Artur Monument (Ankara) and made it from Turkey.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and is a member of Apollo 8. He died in 1933 17th, 1933. He began to the Apollo 8 mission., The birth date of William Anders (1933-17nd) was on October 17, 1933 and he worked as Apollo 8, whose mission is Apollo8 8.
The Star Spangled Banner is a country in the United States where White Americans are an ethnic group. The ALV X-1 originates from the capital of Washington, D.C. and the largest anthem is The Star Spagel.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Arese and is related to the Fiat Croma. It has a Lancia Spartak and its transportation systems arese.
Aaron Turner is associated with the band Twilight and Greymachine musician., The genre of Drone music, which has drone music performed as a musical artist whose genre is Blackmachine.
Asam pedas is a main ingredients of fish cuisined in sour and hot sauce. It has an alternative name to Asam predeh and the region of Sumatra and Tamil Peninsula., The country of Malaysia is one of the peripheries of it are fish cuisined in saumur and chaud.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 and the Baltic War, author David Weber. It followed the Ring of Fire II with English language., The Spanish language is used to be found in the United States on 16th March 1932 and its origins originates from it.
The American Journal of Mathematics was abbreviated to Am J Math. The first publication in 1878, has an SSN number 1080-6377., Am J. Math.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Ampara District region of Sri Lanka., The Acampar Hospital, which is situated in Asra District, can be found in The country's district.
Stuart Parker plays for Bury F.C. club.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor Revival architecture and was completed in 1927. The building, located in Sri Lanka, is 1927.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, KY, a solo singer. He is an acoustic musician whose background is soliste., Alben forrest's musical genre is couscous and can be found in Dothan, AL.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes., The 1634 is the bavarian conflict in the Subdivision of Grantוויל Gazette.
Massimo Drago plays for the S.S. Chieti Calcio club.
Richard A Teague was employed by the General Motors and is a designer of AMC Matador., The company for the general Motors, Richard A teague has worked with the Général Motors.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan., The Baku Turkey Martyres and the Baku, Turkmenistan are one of the sculptures monuments.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain. Its runway name is 14L/32R and its length is 4349.0. It has an elevation of 610.0 m above sea level., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baratajas airport is operated by ENAIRE and the location of it is 634 km/h.
The AIDAluna has an active year in date of 22nd March 2009., ANADAluna was actively served on 22th March 2009 and he attends the same period of September 22, 2009.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States. The leader of the U.S. is Barack Obama and one of its ethnic groups are Native Americans., Albaque (New Mexico) is from the US where the country's leader is Bâtir Obama.
Andrews County Airport has a 4th runway surface type of Asphalt and is 973.0 above sea level., The 4rd largest length of the grounds are asfalted and its elevation is 97.3.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 27th March 1927 and died in St Louis. He graduated from University of Texas at Austin, whose test pilot is the birth date of November 23rd, 1927., The student of Elliot see was retired on December 23, 1927 with its Alma mater (Université de Texas At Austin) and his alma mater was Université Taylor.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Jones County, Texas, United States. Abilenes is part of the city of Austin and it has a runway length of 2194.0., The U.S
The runway length of Athens International Airport is 3800.0 and has a metres long of 38.4 km., Athens International airport, which is located in Athens, is operated by Athens.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor, whose leader is the Federal Canceller.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in New York City, United States where American is the US Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made from Red granite and white marble, which was dedicated to the Ottoman Army troops served in the Battle of Baku. Its designer is Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Güler., Baku Turk Martirm Medal has a bronze and an ethnic military played for the Otto Minister of Azerbaijan.
The Lee County is in Alabama, where the state is located.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and is 99.83 long. It has a beam of 21.2 long and its crew is located in Finland., Azerbaidjan, whose ground is 21.2. He played with the arctechHelsinki Boatyard, is 99,83 long.
Andrews County Airport has a runway name 11/29., 11/29 is the location of Andrews Town Airport, which can be found in it.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, London. The leader of London is the European Parliament., The 20 Fen Church Street was established in Londres and its leader is President.
Alan Shepard died on 21th of July 1998 and was born in California, where Dianne Feinstein is the senators., The Senators of California who are a member of the senates ( Diane feinstein) were born on August 21st 1998.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and is a member of Whig Party (United States) whose leader is Daniel Webster., The Alvah Ab Sabin's birthplace is Georgia-Vermont.
The United States Air Force operate the Al Asad Airbase, which was operated by the U.S. Air force, is a fighter for the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and an explosion of 1986 in Libya.
Cármen Lúca is the leader of Brazil which is led by Cárman Lucua.
Anders Osborne is a musician from Rabadash Records., Rhythm and blues genres are Rhythm & Blues.
Antarmore Airport (New Zealand) is a 2nd runway surface type of Poaceae and has an order of Commelinids and the Monocotyledon class., The division of poaceae, Adare Airport in New Zealand, can be found in both monocotiledon and one of the similar groups of floing plant.
The Honda J engine is a Honda TLX, manufactured by Honda., One of the types of Acura to be found in Honda.
Arrrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy. It is an ingredient of chili Pepper and it is a food found in the region of Rome., Their ingredient is Chili peper and can be used for the country of Roma.
Baked Alaska is from New York, France. Its ingredient is Meringue. It is also found in the country of France and has an ingredient in Baked Atlantique., Bacad As well as a margaringue.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County, Georgia in the United States. The country is located in Atlanta.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Sparta Rotterdam and has been manager of the A.F.C. Blackpool, which is managed by Stuart Park., Former of FC blackpool (formerly played for SCRATE Rotterdam).
Ayam penyet is from Java where the country is one of the ethnic groups of Banyumasan people and Halimah Yacob are leaders. The language for Singapore is Standard Chinese.
Aleksandre Guruli is a member of the FC Karpaty Lviv club and plays for Olympique Lyonnais, where Jean-Michel Aulas is the président. He also began to play for FC Valaty Liviv., Almeric guruli's club is at the Olympiaque Lionnais whose home ground is Parc Olympiques Lyonnas and he was formerly served as footballer in FC Scharty Laviv.
The Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels, which has 1.2 litres and a body style of Sedan., A1's engine is 1.2litres and an Fiat built in the wagon.
William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 in British Hong Kong and his Alma mater is AFIT, M.S. 1962. He was a member of Apollo 8, who worked as the fighter pilot.
The 3Arena was completed in December 2008 and is located in Dublin, Dublin. It has an architect of Populous company and its completion date is December 2008.
Aleksandra Kovac performs Rhythm and blues music. Kornelije Kovač is associated with the musical artist Bebe Dol., Born in the genre of Aleksandra Kasac, whose genre is Aritmi and Blues.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, United States. It is part of Menasha (town) and has the city of Appleton, whose city is Clayton Winnebago County, Illinois., The City of appleton international airport is operated by Appletone, Washington, U.S.
Bill Oddie starred Bananaman.
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd March 1982., Ase breeder was the birth date of 1982-05-23.
The epoch date of the escape velocity is 0.0999 km per seconds and has an orbital period of 360.29 days and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km., (66063) 1998 RO1, formerly known as 1999 SN5, was on November 4th 2013 and it had an ediminution of 0.01999 kilometres per sec. It has in July 3rd 2013. The Apollo period density of 36,29 days
Banana leaf is an ingredient in Arem-arem, which is found in Indonesia. It comes from the region of Indonesia.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton and has been manager of the A.F. C. Blackpool, which was managed by Logan Parker., John Parker's club is Drogheda United FC and runcorn f.c.
Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguay national football team., The Uruguay National Football team is a member of the club Abel hernández.
The manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is Vica., Vica's manager, played in the industry and are managed by Acemiacao Siquiate.
The LCCN number of Abdnikov aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 32024459]., Abner aus vom Mathematische Seminar Der Universität, Hamburg has a U.S.L.N. N.320244.59.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina where Gabriela Mchetti was led., The country's leader is Gabrielmichetti.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988, in U.S. Route 83.
Alexandria, Indiana has a total area of 6,81 square kilometres and their population density is 755.3 inhabitants per square airport., Alexia's surface area is 6.81 sq km and its populationdensity can be found in Alexandria (Austin), where an area total is 6,81.
The Agra Airport is located in Agra., Agra Airport has a location of Agra.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and the season of 2014 is 2014., The team of AFC, whose amateurs are one of the member of 5000 people, plays for died in 2014.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. The school is affiliated with 737 students, who are 16000 students and one of its graduate staff is 737.
The population density of Ann Arbor, Michigan is 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre and it has a total area of 73.04 sq km., Aan A member of the current population Density (1580.7 people per round Mikule) is located in an area state of 7,4.3 sqkm.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California which is in the San Francisco Bay Area. The language is Spanish.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is followed by Alcatraz Versu the Scrivener's Bones.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., A.S. Roma is a member of the Serie A which plays for Juventus F.C. in the Stadio Olimpico and has its full name: Associazione Simplified Roma P.P.AS.
The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact factor of 1.37.
Buzz Aldrin, whose crew was operated by NASA, is a member of Apollo 11 and the Apollo 11.
110 Lydia has a rotation period of 39332.9 and an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
1099 Figneria has an orbital period of 179942000.0 and periapsis of 349206000000.0, epoch date on 31 December 2006. The mass of 2.7 kilograms is 2,7 kg/kg., The orbitals period for the 1099 FCireachta in 2006-12-31 was 3500 km/m. It has a peripops with 34196000000.
John Roberts is the leader of the United States, where Bacon Explosion originates from., The bacon explosion comes from the U.S. The leader in the country is John Roberts.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan and is designed by Hüseyin Btiyener and Hilmi Güner. Its native name is Türk Spartaki Aniti.
The escape velocity of (66391) 1999 KW4 has an orbital period of 16244700.0 and its apoapsis is 162164091.4075 km/s. it has a density of 2.0 gram per CubicCentimetres, which was epoch on 14thJuly 2004. It has the edpoch date of 2004-07-20. The Apollo period in 16694700.0 with an assorbing volume of 0., Alepsis of 16,164091
K-W United FC is the champions of the Premier Development League., The Premier development League plays for K W U.F., whose Champions are K-w UnitedAFC.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and Al Zawra'a SC., Alzawara A SC is a member of the club AlZapura'A SC.
The Antares rocket has a final airport on 28th August 2014., Antares (rocket) was launched on 27th November 2014 and is the final cruise on 28,28.
Aaron Turner's genre is Avant-garde metal., Austin Turner played for the musical genre of Avant Garde Metal.
New Jersey is the capital of Trenton, New Jersey., The capital city of which is Trento and North Jersey.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova., Aندرو Rayell was birthplace inChișinîu (Moldova).,
The Flemish region is led by the Fleming Government., Flesmish Region is a leader of the flammish government.
The BBC starred in Bananaman, which was broadcasted by the BBC and stars Graeme Garden.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where John Roberts is led by the leader. African Americans are an ethnic group of the U.S. The country's bacon explosion., John Roberts was leaded by Joe Roberts and one of its leaders are AfricanAmericans.
Agusín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay on 5th of April 1913., The birth date of August 15, 1913 and the birthdate is 1913-05-05. He died at Asunción.
Bhajji is a country in India, where the leader is T. S Thakur and the Indian people are one of the types of indians., Bajji comes from India with the denomination of Indian People.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and succeeded Makis Voridis. He was the member of the Minister of Economy, Development and Tourism (Greece), who worked for the minister of Affaires, Développement and Transportation., The successor of Adonis Gérards was made by office from the Government of Business, development and tourist (Greek) and its birthplace is Athens.
The official school of Acharya Institute of Technology was given the technique Campus status by All India Council for Technical Education., All India Conference for Tecnico Education is also known as Blue, White and Orange.
William Anders was a crew member of Apollo 8 whose backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin. He retired on September 01st 1969, and Frank Borman attended the Apollo 8.
Allen Forrest is a pop music genre., The musical genre of Allen forrest's genre is Pop music.
Java has an ethnic group in Baduy., The Java is a member of the same genre of Java.
Aleksandra Kovac's genre is Soul music.
The United States, where Bacon Explosion is located in the U.S. The leader is Barack Obama and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups whose capital is Washington D.C., United States has the capital of Washington DC and the country's language is English.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was designed by Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Güner. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade and the designer for the Baku, Turkey which has its architectes Huseyin Buvimer (Hammi Guner).
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina., The nationality of Albertodnikov are Argentinas.
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S. Città di Palermo and Peñarol., The club of Abel hernández is United States Citta di Pale, USA.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma and the musical artist, Jonathan Mendelsohn., The band of Andrew Rayl's performer was a member of Mark sixma.
Austin is part of Texas, in the United States., The country of Austin is located in Texas (United States). The country is one of the states where Austin originates from.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S., The country's language is English.
1099 Figneria has an apoapsis of 603618000.0 km and its متوسط speed is 16.37 km per seconds., The poids of the 1099 FC belongs to aircraft, a average speed of 16,37kilometres per sec.
Asa Gigante is the nickname of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, who plays for the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and Vila Nova Ftiye Clube., The largest champions of the club C Campeão Sao Paulo, Brazil, are an affiliated with the BC Championship BrasiliaC in Brazil. It's played for both the AC Liga  brasiliare Brésil.
Appleton International Airport is located in Appleton, Wisconsin, part of Grand Chute., The city of appleton international airport is operated by the United States and its city is San Francisco.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was the alma mater of University of Adelaide., The Alma mater is Université of AAdelaide.
Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of Germany., The leader in Germany is Stanislawo Tillin.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is 737 academic staff., Aarhus College, which has 737 student staff.
Tarrant County, Texas is located in the United States., The country of Tarrant counties is part of the U.S.
Abner footballer plays for the C.D. FAS club.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q. and has the coden code of ASCQAG., Administrated, SS.Q.
The AIDAstella was christened on 16 March 2013 and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres.
Amatriciana sauce is a dessert from the Lazio region of Italy. The main ingredients are: Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil. It is used to be found in Italian food structure., The main ingredient of Amatriciane salsa is Guanciale and it is operated by the Italian meat structure.
John Buscema won Eagle Award (comics) and is a member of the comic book.
1036 Ganymed has a متوسط speed of 16.86 km per second., The amount of 1036 Gaymede is 16,86kilometres per sec.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, Virginia. Robert Gates was the chancellor of RobertGates and has his Chancellor., The College of William & Mary's currently founded Alan B.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died on 21th of December 1998, with the American Defense Service Medal.svg.
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C..
The leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen., And the leader in which Lars Laøkke Rasussen has led by Lars Lokke, Anders.
The La Crosse, Wisconsin has a total area of 58.38].
The first appearance of Baymax is Big Hero 6 and Steven T Seagle., Duncan Rouleau was created by the comic Bay Max, whose first Admission in film is big Hero 6.
Avocado is a species of Persea., The Avocado, which comes from Persee, can be found.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in the city of Austin, United States. It has a runway length of 1121.0 and it is situated in Texas, U.S..
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members.,  AZ Alkbaan has a total number of members and is 17023.
The Addiction journal is located in the book number 6036719., Addiction (journal) has an ISBN number of 1736719.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18th of 1923 and died in California. He woned the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) as a member of the Department of Commerce Gold Méd, whose birth date was November 18, 1923.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is in Argentina where the capital is Buenos Aires. The leader of Argentina is Mauricio Macri., Argentine, which is led by Maurizio Macre, is the country's capital.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where English is the language., The country's language is English.
A Severed Wasp is a country in the United States, where Barack Obama is led by Baack Obama. The English language is also written in Great Britain and one of the ethnic groups of Native Americans are from the U.S..
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and has 3 000 members., Akron's summit asssault is 3000 member.
The 3Arena is located in East Link Bridge., 3Arena, which has the location of East link Bridge.
John Cowper Powys was notable to work for Wolf Solent., The workers in the United States, who are notables to be mainten of his work.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is natively from the Turk Spartak Aniti. It has a material of Red granite and white marble., Baku, the largest known as Türk 5210 Atani.
Anderson is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis., The capital city of India is and Anderson is Austin.
The capital of South Africa is Cape Town and one of the ethnic groups are white South Africans., 11 Diagonal Street is located in SouthAfrica, south Africa, where Asian Southafrica is the capital city of Capetown. The country's capital is Cap Town.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, where the Prime Minister is Konstantinos Mitsotakis and his successor was Makis Voridis., The Vice Minister Antonis Samaras was Aleksandros Venizelos and he was succeeded by Akis Veridis.
Al Anderson is a country musician who performs rock music. Rock music originated from Country music and has its stylistic origins.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where the  hymn is O Canada. The leader of Canada is Elizabeth II and also black Canadians are an ethnic group., Alessyplantation's birthplace is Canada whose anthem is U Canada.
110 Lydia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006., The ediminution of 110 Laydia is 2006-12-31.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and one of its ethnic groups are Native Americans., The country's capital has Washington DC and was located in Akron, C.D. USA.
Jerry Ordway was born in Bibbo Bibbowski, a nationality of Americans and is created by Jerry Ormway., Jen orm whose nationalité is American.
A.S. Roma plays for Serie A league and is located in Rome, Italy., The ground of the A S. Rom's home isRome, Italie.
Akeem Adams is a member of the United Petrotrin F.C. whose manager is Thomas Doll, who plays for Ferencvarosi TC in Palo Seco and was served by Gábor Kubatov. He also began his club with the U.P.F.S., The team of Ferencvárosi CT is managed by Thomas doll.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas and died on 28th March 1966. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin whose Alma mater is Université Texas At Austin., The birthplace of Elliot see was St. Louis.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched at Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, 2014-10-28. It has 3.9 metres of diametre and final airport is the 18th September 2013.
Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia and was succeeded by William M O Dawson., The successor of Albert B White's crew was William Mr O Deawson.
Auburn is part of Alabama., The Auburn (Alabama) is in the state of Georgia.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is the related means of transport., Lancia Spartak was associated with the Alfa Rome 164.
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit, whose musical genre is Rhythm and blues. He plays for the Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars and was performed in 1989.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer whose genre is pop music., An forrest's background is soliste and can be found in Pop music.
The capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is Sri Lanka, where the country is in Haputale. The language is Tamil., Adirham Hall is located in Haiputal, Sri Lanca, whose capital is South Indies and has its capital city.
Bhajji is a main ingredient in the gram flour, vegetables and it is found in Karnataka region. It is also known as Gram Flour and chickens., Bajji's main ingredients are gram farines and fruits.
The AMC Matador, manufactured by the American Motors, has a successor of Eagle (automobile) and is Chrysler whose key person is Roy D. Chapin Jr. He was founded in the U.S. A.K.A., American Motors's succeeded by Eagle comes from the United States, which produces their Fiat car. One of the key people are Roy J. C.C.J.
Agusín Barboza was born in Asuncion and is a solo singer whose genre is Guarania., The musical genre of the musician Agustin Barboz was Guarani (music) and his background is soliste.
The ALCO RS-3 is a four-stroke engine., Alcole RS-3, which has the four speed engine.
Ayam penyet is a main ingredients from the Malaysian Chinese who are an ethnic group in Indonesia. The main ingredient of Ayamdnikov is Fried chicken, which is made by sambal and belongs to the region of Malaysia. It is also known as Asian Chinese.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas in Spain and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party. He worked as Minister of Transport, whose office is minister of transport., The President of Port are an political party Abel Caallero.
Ayam penyet is from Java and its main ingredients are squeezed or punched fried chicken served with sambal.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985., The Completion date of 200 Public square was 1985.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th September 1987 and is a member of the Houston Texans. He was formerly retired from Atlanta (Atlanta), Georgia.
Albany, Georgia is the leader of the Mayor.
The Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy. It is an ingredient of the sarlic and it is found in Rome.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The AMC Matador, which is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria, has a full-size car and its alternative name is VAD Classic., Ammetador's class is Full-Size car with the previous name CVM Classic.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia., The country of Asam Pedas originates from Malaysia.
Arròs negre is an ingredient of Squid., Arròs négen is one of the ingredients in saquid.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and one of its ethnic groups are Americans., The country's capital has Washington DC and was founded in Akron, whose capital is Whitehorse County.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army troops served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan. Its native name is Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Güner, made from the Red granite and white marble., Baku Tur Turk Martyres (Native name: Türk Spartaki Aniti), manufactured as well as the Ottoman Arm soldiers who were uccisi in
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is a season in 2014., The saison of A. E Demitra Edxeitoupolis was 2014.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain. Its operate organisation is ENAIRE., The location of Adolfo Suarez Martinez Madrid – Barajas airport is the city of Madrid (Spain) and it is operated by ACAIRE.
The creator of Bananaman, who starred at Tim Brooke-Taylor, was John Geering and died in the BBC. The first aired is on 15th March 1983., Bananaman, which was broadcasted by BBC, produced by John geering, plays for the 1st Aired on April 15, 1986.
Dáil Éireann is the leader of Dublin, which is part of Leinster. The 3Arena is located in Dublin (capital of Republic of Ireland) whose leader is Dáil Eireann and live Nation Entertainment.
The company Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of Costa Crociere, located in Genoa and operated by AIDA Cruises. Meyer Werft is a member of the carnivalcorporation and its owner is Costa crociere.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, United States. It was completed on the 5th of June 2009. The current tenants are Mason School of Business., The location of Alan B Ball Hall at Virginia is Virginia and its completion date is 2009-06-01. He attended the U.S.
The orbital period of 1788850000.0 and periapsis is 6155910000000.0 and has an epoch date of 31 December 2006. The mass of (19255) 1994 VK8 was 5.6 kilograms., (19255) 1995 VF8, which has a poids of 5.6 kg/kg) is 5.6 km/m in 2006-12-31.
Akeem Ayers is a Linebacker., The linebackers of Ake Em Alers's position is the Line backer.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, in the United States. The population density of Attica is 783.1 (inhabitants per square kilometre) and has a total area of 4.14 sq km/s., In the U.S. are one of the population demences of ACssia, whose populationdensity is 78,3.1 people per roundilometri and it is located in Ffontaine County in Indiana.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and is managed by Amar Osim., Al Kharaitiyat SC, whose ground is Al Khor, was manager of the club Al Kharaientiyat FC and are also affiliated with Amar Ossim.
The species of Celery is Apium and an ingredient in Bakso are celery. It is a family of Apiaceae., Acery comes from the known genre of Cerery, which originates from Apollom and one of its ingredients are Celry.
 Dale Tallon is the general manager of Florida Panthers., The Florida National Manager (Dill Tallons) is Dale tallon.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and died in London., The birthplace of Alfred garth is Manchester and Died place in Londra. He diede in Londres.
Aaron Turner is associated with Old Man Gloom musician and plays in the band Twilight. He performs post metal and fought in 1995., Alan Turner, whose musical genre is Post metal, began his debut on 1995.
Aston Martin V8 was manufactured by Aston, whose successor is Elizabeth II and went assembled in the United Kingdom. The leader of the U.K. are ElizabethII and led by Elizabeth 2.
Hypermarcas is located in Brazil and drugs are an ingredient., The company of Hypermarca's originated from Brazil is Drugs.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy and has a Saab 9000 engine and its related means of transport. It is comparable to the Lancia Spartak., Alepo Karnataka, there are two types of wagons and one of the following rockets are connected with the Alib 9000.
Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of Mexico, where Bionico is a dessert. It has an Spanish language and its food variation is Honey., Bionico can be found in Mexico whose country is one of the languages English and it is also known as Honey.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to the Computer Science and has an academic discipline of Computer science. Its SSN number is 1558-2868.
Agnes Kant, who was a member of the House of Representatives in Netherlands, is from the Netherlands and led by Mark Rutte. He worked with the house of Représentants (Netherlands) and Emile Roemer., The country's nationality of Agnes Kant has an birthplace of M.R.M. and he also officeed for the United States Socialist Party.
Adenan Satem was born in Kuching, Japan occupation of British Borneo and succeeded Adenian Satm. He was part of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and is a member of its party., Abdul Taib Mahmud was retired as Koching and his successor was AidenanSatem.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Abilenne, Texas. It is part of Texas and has the city of Akrone., The city's location of COVANE regional airport is operated by The Adjane (part of Austin) and its city is dessert.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York and has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres. It has 12 floors and it has 110 million dollars., One of the surfaces are 60363 sqm long and its building was built on January 2014 and is currently operated by 250Delaware Street.
A Long Long Way has a ISBN number of 57393084 and is written by 1-570-03380-4., The ISBN Number of A Long long Way (ISBN number 07396036) is 67394075.
Baked Alaska is a dessert and it has an variation of cookie., The Baked Arctic is in the course of desserts and its variation is Cookie.
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars and Tab Benoit., The band, Billy Iuso, is an artist who plays in the country's vocal musician, as a member of both the musical artist TomBenoit.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Italians are anonym and the leader of Italy comes from Sergio Mattarella., The home ground of A S. Gusguin 1910 was made from Italy as a demonym of Italian.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 27th March 1927 and died in St Louis., The birthplace of Elliot see is San Louis, whose birth date is November 23rd 1927.
Bakewell pudding was created by the Rutland Arms, Bakewell in 1820 and its main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and  egg.
Meyer Werft is located in Germany., Mايل Wirft comes from Germany.
The capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is Sri Lankan rupee. The country's language is Tamil and it is the location of Adisham Hall in Haputale (Sri Lanka), where the capital city is India., Adirham Hall, which is located in Lapatale, Sri Lanca, is situated in Halatale.
Andra is a member of the band Puya, whose musical genre is Rhythm and blues., Adirs can be found in CRBL and also plays with Arythme and Blues.
The ISBN number of A Wizard of Mars is 978-20-15-204700-2 and has 560 pages.
Andrews County is a county seat of Andrews, Texas., Athens are the states headquarters in New Jersey.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group and one of the habitants of Akron comes from the U.S., The country's home region is summit County (Ohio), which has its origins in America.
The periapsis of 1099 Figneria is 349206000.0 and it has an epoch date of 31 December 2006., 109Fignerie, which was written in 2006-12-31. It has a perceip of 34919600000.
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 Kelvins., The temperature is 170,0kelvins and the temperature was of 109 Félix.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Bakumi., The club of the FC Dynamo Barumi is located in the city of Aleksej Sergei, whose club is FC Kapitan Tyvel.
The Alhambra was launched on 1855-05-31. Its beam is 8.3 m and has an runway at the Alcabra, 1853-05-31.
Athens International Airport is located in Athens, Greece. The leader of the country is an Alexis Tsipras., The city of Athens International airport was serves by Athens and is operated by Agreece.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was constructed in Finland, where Sauli Niinistö is the leader., Aleksandre Yiinilä is a member of the ground leaders of Finland.
Baked Alaska is an ingredient in Christmas pudding. It has a variation of cookie and its desserts are variations of Cookie.
Felipe Gozon is the key person of GMA New Media, whose parent company is GGMA Network. It has an owner of Felipe GOzon., A member of the Public company felipeGozon's headquarters are APG Network and one of its home people in this company.
Bill Marriott is the key person in which, Bill's Key person is Bill., Marriott International has its key member Bill.
GMA New Media is a mass media industry in the Mass Media.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada., The birthplace of Aaron Bogaard is a member of the United States.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press, United States. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S., The editor of this book is Sohi Press and he has its written character dancer.
Hypermarcas has a net income of 108600000. It was founded on 1st December 2001 and is operated by S.A. (corporation)., The web  Income of Hypermarca's is 109900000 in the company, which originates from the U.S. A..
The Aston Martin V8 was assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom and has 5.3 litres as a related means of transport., One of the following types of cars are an Alman Martin DBS and one of its relatives transportation can be operated by The ASN.DBS.
The American submarine NR-1 has a top speed of 8.334 longs and was launched on the 25th of January 1969. It has an beam of 3.8 m, length of 45000.0 millimetres.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Matsredia., The club of Aleksandre guruli's club is FC Mittagrea.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Lotus Eaters, whose musical genre is Electroacoustic music and plays for Old Man Gloom. He was actively involved in 1995., Alan Turner began his debut on 1995 and performs as an rhythm psychdelic music. It has been also associated with old ManGloom.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Indiana and has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres above sea level and its population density is 523.9 inhabitants per sq km., The area code of 765 is 765 and it has an elevation of 268.0 metres above sase level.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabate, Turkmenistan Airlines. It has a runway length of 2989.0 and its elevation is 211 km above sea level in Metres., Athshagat international airport is operated by the Turkmén Airlines and it has an elevated area of 2999.0 long. The US is 210 km/h.
Bionico is a dessert in Guadalajara, Mexico. The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and belongs to the food variation of Honey. Bionico has an ingredient in bionico (which can be found in Jalajara) and it is also available in Colombia., Binanico's course is dessert and one of its puddings are similar to Honey.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. It is the location of 3Arena which has Live Nation Entertainment and live nation Entertainment.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann, whose leader is the founded in Ticino.
Dodge Coronet is a similar name to 1955 Dodge., The alternative name of 1955 and the location of this company is the American Governed coronet.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, where Ist died. He diede in Graz and dieder in Grasburg., Austin Gorch was birthed in imst in the County of Tyrol whose death place is Graz.
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas in the United States., The Amarillo located in Potter County (which originates from the U.S.) is situated in St.R.U. and originated from that country.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd runway surface type of Poaceae and it has an elevation of 34.0 above sea level. It is known as 07/25 and its length is 5180., Adare Airport in New Zealand, which was designed by the 7/25 ground are poaceae.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria-Hong Kong and died in Styria. He graduated from the birthplace of Ist (Ist)., Austin Hong Kong, whose headquarters are member of the U.K. A.S. is one of its ethnic groups to be found in Tiroia.
Anaheim, California is part of Orange County, which is the Greater Los Angeles Area. He is led by the California State Assembly in the U.S. The country's leader is Anaheim and one of its leaders are the United States.
101 Udnikov Way is located in the building of Alan B Miller Hall, which was founded on 30 March 2007., Alan B. Miller hall has an address of 101 Uolfsburg Way.
The AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock., ANADA Cruise's location is ROstock.
Akeem Ayers was formerly involved in the Tennessee Titans and draft pick 39., The draft round is 2 and it has a draft Round of 39.
The AMC Matador, which was assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria, has an related means of transport. It is manufactured in 1971 and its Ambassador is a member of the AAMCMatador., Ametador's model year is 1971 with an Ean of Transport.
The Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by the following member of the ASN Martin RHAM/1 and has a related means of transport., Alman Martin Virage, whose successor is Aton Martin VIrage.
Anders Osborne's record label is Alligator Records., The record labels of Anders Oborne, who was recorded by ALligator Record, can be found.
FC Tom Tomsk plays for the Russian Football National League., The Russian football national League is a member of FC TomTomsk.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy., The A. S.Gubbione 1910 was ground by Italy.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes. It has a runway length of 3500.0 and it is operated by Adolfo Suarez Valencia-Baras Airport.
The Ariane 5 launched ELA-3 is operated by the Guiana Space Centre, which is located in French Guana., Ariane 5 was Launched with the Apollone 5.
The Acura TLX is a Honda K engine., Acura TCLX has the Honda k engine.
Buzz Aldrin is a nationality in the United States.
Alan Frew performs rock music, which is originated from country music. Rock music originates from folk music and has its stylistic origins., The musical genre of Alan FreW's genre is rock pop music.
Aleksandrey Chirikov is built by Helsinki, Finland and Sauli Niinilä. He was led by the leader of Finland whose leader is Saulni Niitilä and makes its icebreaker in Helsinki.
Befa kway teow is a food found in Singapore and Indonesia. One of the ingredients are Oyster sauce and belongs to the region of Indonesia.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He won the Purple Heart, which has a Purple heart.
Abel Caballero was born in Spain, where the predecessor is Francisco Franco and Felipe González. He was in office while the monarchy is Juan Carlos I of Spain.
103 Hera has an escape beam of 0.0482 km per second and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 km. It has a mass of 7.9 kilograms, an assorbimento of 0,0482kilometres per sec.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and played for the Battle of Panama., The U.S. Air force, which was assembled in the US air Force, baciad at the invasion of Palena.
Bionico is a food found in Jalisco, Mexico. Raisin is an ingredient in Bionico., The bionico comes from the country of Mexico, and it is also known as Rasin.
Alberto Teisaire, a national of Argentina, is the leader of Buenos Aires, whose language is Spanish. He died in New York and led by Gabriela Michetti., The country's governing body is an Empire city Legislature and its leader is Gabrielmichetti.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akit, Japan. It is situated in the Ikita Territory and it is part of Japan.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen. Agnes Kant worked as the House of Representatives (Netherlands).
1634: The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635: the Cannon Law., The 1634 Rebellion's successor is of 1645: La Couronne.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California. He published 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, preceded by 1632: the Baltic War., The author of 1624: It is EricFlint whose birthplace was burbank ( California) and was written by Eric flint.
Anaheim, California is the leader of the United States House of Representatives in the U.S Congress and is led by Anaheim ( California)., English is an English language that originates from the US Senate.
Twilight band is a black metal genre., Black metal musician, Twilight has the genre of Black metal.
AZAL PFK is located in Azerbaijan, where the AZAL Arena is home to the largest league of the U.S. Premier League and are also champions from Qarabag FK., The ground of ACAZ pFK has an affiliated with the Azerbaïdjan Prime League who plays for the O.K.P.
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Ontario and is a solo singer. He has worked as musician whose background is soliste.
The tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International and was architected by 3XN., AC Hotel Grand Sky Copenhague, situated in Denmark, where the architect is 3XON.
Gas Poyet is a manager of the Superleague Greece who plays for Olympiacos F.C., which is also affiliated with the Real Zaragoza club in Chelsea FC.
The Superleague Greece is the location of AEK Athens F.C. whose ground is Athens and has 69618 members., Athens are an affiliated with the Super League Grèce, which plays for Ajax Athens FC.
The funk is a fusion genre of Afrobeat., Abrabeat is one of the music fusions of Funk.
Angola International Airport is located in Luanda., The city of the location of Angola international airport, which has been served by Laanda.
Mexicans are anonym in Mexico., The demonym of Mexico is Mexican.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hongrie and died in the Austria where Doris Bures is the leader., Allora, whose leader is DoriS Bure, began his birthplace to Austria–Hongheria.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is from the city of Mendrives in Switzerland. Its dean is Mario Botta, whose academic staff is 100., Migliored as well as an Académical Staff of Aceta's Dean and made at the location of the Confederated Decatettura Di Mendritio (Switzerland).
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois., The Chicago is located in Dupage County ( Illinois) and has the Delaware County.
Arlington, Texas has an elevation of 184.0 metres above sea level., Austin is located at Arlington in Texas which has the elevated area of 18.4.
Abdul Rahman Ya'davad was in office while the Vice President was Tublanco Bujang Tudnikov Othman., The Vice president of the country is TuSpartak Tushek Tu5210, who was vice President.
Chinabank was founded on 16th August 1920 and has 5594 employs and a net income of 15100000000. Chinabank has 295 locations in 295.
AIP Advances has an eissn number of 2158]., The AIP Avans' is the abbreviation Number of 2258].
The Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou, French Guians., Kourou (France) is the headquarters of Guana space Centre.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the largest city in Washtenaw County., The higher city of Wisconsin is Ann-Arbor.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, United States. The currenttenants are Mason School of Business., The current Tenants of Alan B M. Miller hall is the location of Virginia.
The Acura TLX is a 3.5 litres and has an engine of 3.5litres.
Bandeja paisa is located in the Antioquia Department in Colombia, Colombia., The Bandeja paisa (which is found in Central Colombia) is situated in Argentina.
A Severed Wasp is a language in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. It has a runway length of 4000.0., The Antwerp International airport is operated by the Ucile which is situated in Icolo (Bongo) and its longueur is 40000.0.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born in Iraq., Aحمد Kadham Assaad was birthplace in the عراق.
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis., The capital city of India is Franklin and one of the habitants are an Indiana.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and has 512 pages. It has an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0 and the book is published in Ebook., The author of 1634, The Ramblion's artists are 1 164 pages.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi and plays jazz music., The solo singer is Albenny Jones whose background is soliste.
Alan Shepard was retired on August 1, 1974. He graduated from Apollo 14.
Andrews County Airport is a runway name of Helipad., The length of Andrews Town Airport, which was named Apollopad.
Elliot See was a test pilot and his occupation is Test pilot.
Aarhus is the leader of Jacob Bundsgaard., The leader in Aarhus, which is Jacob Kundsgaard and Jacob Barbogaard are leaders.
Abner W. Sibal was a crew member of the United States Army and fought in the American Revolutionary War.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The President of the Ahatta Institute has been president B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr G.P. Prabhukumar., B.S.R.G. Padblancoar, led by D. G P Prabwysar and his manager are Biomedreddy.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the U.S. state., Athens are affiliated with the United States.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23rd March 1927 and died in St Louis. He was a student of University of Texas at Austin, whose Alma mater is University Of Texas (Austin)., The alma mater of Elliot see was Université de Texas At Austin and his birthplace was San Louis.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna, Nigeria. He worked as a Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria)., Born in Minana, Indonesia is led by the President of defence staff.
Abner W. Sibal was a member of the World War II conflict., Abner W Sbal fought in World war II.
Alan Frew performs rock music, which originated from blues and folk music is the fusion genre of Bhangra., Rock music can be found in Rock music who originates from Folk music and has its stylistic origins as Blues.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka., The Ampara hospital is found in South Lanka.
300 North LaSalle has a floor count of 60 floors., The floor number of 300 North LASalle is 60].
Bakewell tart is a shortcrust food ingredient in the Derbyshire Dales region. It has an ingredient of Shortcrust margariy., The Bakewell pudding, which is part of derbyshiredale, is one of its variations of baked tart and was varied by Baket tart.
Alberto Teisaire, a national of Argentina, was born in Buenos Aires and died in the city Legislature. He is led by Horacio Rodríguez Larreta and is an Argentine whose language is Spanish.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was manufactured by Gruppo Bertone and is a company of design for the ASbarth., Abarth 2000 GT Cabriolet, which has its design company (Gruppo Berton) and produces it as an assembled company.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of Peñarol., The manager for Peñorol is Jorge Orsmár da Silv.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan and is made from Red granite and white marble. Its architect is Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Güner. The leader of Azerba is the Prime Minister of Azerbaïdjan whose legislature is National Assembly (Azerbaijan) and its capital is Baku.
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. English is one of the languages which is from the U.S..
Abel Caballero was born in Spain and is a member of the Congress of Deputies. He worked as an Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989 in 1989 and debuted with the New England Patriots. His debut team is the Tennessee Titans.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabate, which has a runway length of 3800.0 and its elevation is above sea level in Metres 211.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas which has the capital of Austin and Houston is the largest city in Fort Worth., Austin is one of the prominentcities in Texas whose capital is Austin.
Alison O'Donnell was active in 1963 and he started his debut on 1963.
Bhajji is similar to Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour. It has an ingredient in gram flouri., Bajji, a similar Dish comes from pancara and autres vegetables manufactured from frung or roll for suc.
Alan B Miller Hall is currently tenants of the Mason School of Business., The current Tenants of Alan B M Miller hall are an American school of business.
The minimum temperature of the FD (410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.44075 km and a minimum temperatura of 211.0 Kelvins., (410777] 2009 F FD's minimal temperature is 21,0kelvins, which has its apoabsis as 25.977 6702.46036 km.
Asam pedas is a member of the Malaysian Indians, whose capital is Kuala Lumpur. The country's capital has an Asam Pedas and one of its ethnic groups are Malaysiani Chinese., Malay Peninsula is the capital of Malaysia in Malaysia, where the population is selected from the Malaisie.
Alex Day's musical genre is Synthpop, a derivative of house music and has its origins in pop music., The solo singer Alex Day was born in House music.
Albert B. White was born on 22nd September, 1856 and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He dieed on 3rd of December 1941., The birth date of Albert B White is April 22th, 1956.
Alex Day was born in London Borough of Havering and played with the Chameleon Circuit band, Charlie McDonnell. He plays Electronic music and is associated with Alex Day who began his debut on 2006.
RCA Records is a distributeur company of Legacy Recordings., The RCA record has been distributed by the legacy records.
Albany is part of Georgia in the U.S. state, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country's language is English.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago and is led by Rahman Emmanuel., The leader for Chicago is Rahmon Fabian whose country is in the U.S. USA.
Joe Biden is the leader of the United States., The U.S., whose leader is Joe Baiden.
Anaheim, California has 657 area code., The areacode of Anaheim in California is 657.
The Apollo 12 is a NASA commander of the NASA, David Scott. The commandant of Apollo 12, was Alan Bean whose mission is Apollo 12.
Bhajji is located in Karnataka, India. Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India and Vajubhai Vala is led by Abhajji., Bajji's country is in India whose leader is Suamitra Maharajan.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmor Row., The 103 Colonmorerow is the location of this building.
Alkmaar Zaan2539 is a full name of AZ Alkmaar, which has 17023 members., Askmaarzaanwys was partly known as AlKmaarZaan5210 and the total number of members are 17023.
1099 Figneria has an escape beam of 0.0155 km per seconds., The Evasion Velocity of 1099 FC is 0,0155kilometres per sec.
The Akron Summit Assault is located in St Vincent-St Mary High School and plays for the Premier Development League, champions of K-W United FC., Akron's ground is San Vincent–St Maria High school and was a member of the U.S. Football League whose Champions are K W Union FC and competes with the Prime Development Lega.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana., The Angola's home country is located in the state of State of New York and serves a member of the United States.
Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, becon singer, piece 'n Bacon, bocon cob, bucon barm, bcon muffin, is in the United Kingdom and it has an alternative name of BLT., Among the main ingredients of Baco Sandwich originates from the U.K.
Aaron Bertram is a member of the Suburban Legends musician whose musical genre is pop music and plays with Kids Imagine Nation.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California which has 75.324 square kilometres and its total area is 75,324 sq km., Aintillied by Antioch, whose language is Chinese, is the state of San Francisco Bay Area in California. The country's population is 76 324 square0000.
Andra is a solo singer who performs pop music., The genre of Andra is Pop music and has the background of solistes.
1036 Ganymed has an apoapsis of 611950000.0 km and an average speed of 16.86 km per second., Atlas Gannymed, a length of 16,86kilometres per sec, is 600داول0.0 km/s.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was succeeded by Anthony J Celebrezze., The successor of Abraham A Ribiceoff, who was completed by Andrew J C Celezze.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, the country's capital is Bucharest. The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis and the Premier Minister was the President., Andor the apostoly are one of the ethnic groups from Romania which is also Germans who are led by the Prime Minister.
 Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales., The leaders of this club are Patrick McCoughlins.
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata., Athens International airport is found in Spta.
John Valor was created by Sheldon Moldoff and the alternative name of Black Pirate is Jon Valor., The black Pirate, which has a similar name to Joe Valor, can be founded in Newfoundland.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in 1923 in Washington D.C., United States and has a background of non performing personnel.
Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party (United States) whose leader is Daniel Webster. The largest city is Burlington, Vermont., Allora Sabin's party is Wgh Party in the United States and was led by Daniel webster.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert of the ground almond, jam, butter and  egg. The main ingredients are: Ground almonds, Jam, burr, uova and belongs to the region of Derbyshire Dales. It is also variation of Bakewell tart., The main ingredient of bakéwell fought in the course of dessert is an Almond or suc with barbecue.
107 Camilla was discovered by E Wells and has an periapsis of 479343000.0 km. Its epoch date is December 31st 2006.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, Denmark, has 737 students and is affiliated with European University Association. It was established in 1928 and its academic staff is 737.
A Loyal Character Dancer is from the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., The country's African Americanes are one of the ethnies groups in the US.
The American Journal of Mathematics is an abbreviation of Am J Math. and has an academic discipline of math., Am J. Math.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of Cape Town and its leader is Cyril Ramaphosa. Asian South Africans are one of the ethnic groups., The city of Southafrica is the location of 11Diagonal street (which is situated in south Africa) whose capital is Capetown.
Columbus Blue Jackets is located in Columbus, Ohio., The city of Colosseum, the city's are built by the United States.
The German language is the language of Belgium., Brussels are an English language.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the A.S. Roma league in Serie A and is involved in the youth club of A S Roma., The A AS Roma's soccer club is AlessioRomagnoli, whose team is SerieA.
Alfred N. Phillips was a crew member of the United States Army and fought in American Civil War.
Airey Neave was a Territorial Decor Award.
Alison O'Donnell is a derivative of jazz music and has the record label static Caravan Recordings., The musical genre of Jazz, Alison Osdonnell can be found in jazz and Funk.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr. plays for Florida Panthers., The club of the football club is Floride Paleards.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and was succeeded by Price Daniel. He worked as Governor of Texas during the Democratic Party (United States).
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and has an season of 2014-15 Top CLASS., The team of AFC is the amateurs who play in the top class series on 15th March 2014. The number of members are 5000.
The Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero., Afonso Pena international airport is located in the infraero organisation of exploitation of Infraéro.
Akeem Adams is a member of Ferencvarosi TC and Thomas Doll., Thomas Doll is the manager of Fferencerásiani TC, who plays for Ferencvárosi CT and his club is Ferencblanco.
Agnes Kant is a member of the House of Representatives in Netherlands., Agnes Kant, who was officeed by the house of Représentants (Netherlands) is the office of Agnes Kant.
The Agra Airport is located in India, India. The leader of India is T S Thakur.
The record label of Agustin Barboza is Philips Records., Agusín Barboze, signed to Apple Records, has been recorded by Apollo Records.
Antwerp International Airport is located in the Flemish region and operated by the flammish government. It has an elevation above sea level of 12.12, which has a runway length of 600.0.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and Elizabeth II. The leader of the United Kingdom is David Cameron, whose leader is Jacob II.
Akeem Adams plays for the United Petrotrin F.C. in Palo Seco, Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team and is a member of the U.S.F. FC., The club of Akees Adams's home ground is Palo seco and has its ground at Paloseco.
Arem-arem is located in Indonesia, but more specific to Java., The region of Arem are Nation Wide in Indonésie and it is più specific for Java.
The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis., Greek is the leader in Grec, which is led by Nikois Poutsis.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington in the United States. The capital of Washington is Olympia and serves the largest city in Seattle., The capital state of Auburn (in the U.S.), whose capital is olympia, was Olympia.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in Peoria, Illinois and is located in California. The AIDAluna has the power type of CaterpillarInc., The largest city in peoria ( Illinois), designed by IATAluna.
The orbital period of (19255) 1994 VK8 has a periapsis of 6155910000.0 and an epoch date of 31 December 2006. It has the escape velocity of 0.0 925 km per sec., (19255) 1995 VT8, which is operated on August 31st 2006, was 873 800090000.0 and it has its orbitals period 878850000.0.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18th of March 1923 and died in California. He is an Alma mater of NWC, M.A. 1957.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia., Indonesia's leader is JusufKal.
Aaron Bertram was active in 1998 and he started his debut on 1998.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, United States and died in California. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and is a member of the US national whose alma mater is NWC, M.A. 1957.
The inauguration date of the Akita Museum of Art was on 28th September 2013., Akita museum of art was inaugurated on 27th October 2013.
Ayam penyet is from Java, Malaysia. The main ingredients of Ayamdnikov are squeezed or punched fried chicken served with sambal., The main ingredient in the area of Java is saucezed and stroked beef written with Sambal.
John van den Brom is a manager of AZ Alkmaar, who plays for Istanbulspor A.S. and has played for the AFC Ajax club and was owned by Robert Nietoorn., Jen van Den Brom's manager is John vanden Brom and his club is inIstanbulsporA.AS. He also began to play for AS Almaar.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and succeeded by Adenan Satem. He was retired from Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, SaKarnataka and died with the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. His alma mater is University of Adelaide.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns and the musical artist Mark Sixma., Born in March 6th, Andrew Rayell was a member of the band/the musician Christian Brenns.
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the Community of Madrid., The Paracuoles deJarama, which is in the community ofMadrid, is Parti of Spain.
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is located in Brazil. It is the ground of Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, Brazil and it has its ground., Agremiacao Sampeonato Saopisquias are an area of Esteádio municipal Coasracy de Mata Fevoca.
Amdavad ni Gufa was architected by B. V Doshi., The architect of Amdavad Ni GUFA was B iv Deshi.
109 Felicitas has an periapsis of 283084000000.0., The perapsi is 284075000000.
Trane was founded on 1st January 1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin and has 29000 employs. Trane is a member of the HVAC products whose revenues are 10264000000 and its operative income is 875400000.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan and is led by Artur Rasizade. He died from the Otto Minister of Azerbaïdjan whose leader is Prime Minister.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Awadh., The Agra Airport is located in Oadh and has a Bundelkhand ground that led by RamNaik.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Paul Ryan is led by the President. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and one of its leaders are the presidents., One of his leader isPaul Ryan.
Alfred Moore Scales played for the Battle of Fredericksburg and was part of the American Civil War whose commander is Abraham Lincoln., Abraham Lincoln was a commanded from the US Civil war, which was in the United States conflict.
The United States is located in the North American Eastern Time Zone and has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres. The country is part of the U.S., AristoGas, whose city is King of Prussia, Pennsylvania's time zone is north American East Tempo Zone.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Twilight and performs black metal music fusion genre. Death metal is an instrument for Electric guitar., The musical genre of Black metal, which was associated with Kristen Turner, can be used to play in the punk rock band (Twilight).
N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai on the 1st of March 2001.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He is a test pilot who worked for the Test pilot., Athen he passed away from California, with an status of deced.
Elliot See died in St Louis, St. Louis and was a test pilot whose doctor is University of Texas at Austin., The student of the University Of Texas At Austin has its Alma mater and his death date is 26th March 1966.
A Severed Wasp is published by the Library of Congress Classification of PS5210.E55 S4 1982 and has an ISBN number of 0-374-26131-8., The book N number 8806036 is 8804075 and one of its mediatypes is print.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Mamiffer whose musical genre is black metal. Death metal is an instrument in the music fusion genre of Black metal, which was associated with mammiffer., Alan Turner plays for African Metal music and performs as well as death metal.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He was residence in Kuching, Asajaya region., Born in Chennai, Indonesia, Abdul Taim Mahed was retired from Koching.
Gos Poyet plays for AEK Athens F.C. and the club is Ajax Athens FC.
William Anders, whose crew member is Frank Borman, was a backup pilot of Apollo 8, which was operated by NASA. He retired on September 01st 1969 and has Buzz Aldrin attended the Apollo 8.
B postcode area is Birmingham., The postal code of Birmingham is located in the B postcodes area.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Vladimir Putin is the leader., The leader of Russia is Vladimir Poutine and was led by Boris Putin.
Abradab is associated with Magik (rapper) and the musical artist, Abradab., The musician Bakuk's band was affiliated with Magick.
Alex Day's genre is Synthpop, a stylistic origin of Disco., Synthpop originates from Disco.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has a runway length of 3500.0 and an elevation above sea level of -3.3.3528., The city of Amsterdam is located in Amsterdam, which was served by the United States. Amstard it's elevated 3500 km/h. It can be found at the U.S
Frank de Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax., The manager for which Frank de Boe is Frank De Boer.
Duncan Rouleau was created by the Big Hero 6 film and starred Damon Wayans Jr., The comic book of Baymax, which is a member of Americans, can be founded in the big Hero 6.
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart., Bakewell tarta is a food found in Frangipano.
The Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, where the leader is Sergio Mattarella., Arorabbiate can be found in Italy and its language is Italian. The leader of Italy is Signore Mattearella.
The first aired of Bananaman is 1983-03-03., Bananaman was a first Aired on the 3rd October 1983.
British people are known as the United Kingdom., United Kingdom has an demonym of British People.
The Italian is the capital of Italy, which is led by Sergio Mattarella. The country's capital is Rome and it has its name as Italians., Arorabbiata sauce originates from Italy in Italy with its national title: Italiens who are one of the languages italianes.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where Austin Fernando is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe and has 476 bed counts., The Ampara hospital is operated from the state of Southern Province (Sri Lanka) and its leader is Austin Flynn.
1099 Figneria has an apoapsis of 603618000.0 km and an escape beam of 0.0155 km per seconds. It has a temperature of 156.0kelvins, and it is also exponent of 0.00155kilometres per sec.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba, 1989 and died in 1989.
103 Hera has an epoch date of 27th March 2011 and its periapsis is 371240000.0 km., The perian of 103 HerA, which was written at the 27rd August 2011, can be found in 2011.
Bakso is an ingredient in Noodle., Noodle is a food found in Baksco.
Rolando Maran was born in Italy and plays for the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D., which is managed by A.C. Chievo Verona whose manager is John Maran., The club of Carrarese Calcio has its manager and he also began to play for Americane Trêstina 2012.
Tom Lyle was created by Blockbuster, whose comic character is Roger Stern., The comic book character (Blockbuster) was the creator of Steven Stern.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by American Locomotive Company and is 17068.8 millimetres long. It has a V12 engine and its construction date is May 1950-August 1956., Alco RS-3, which was manufactured by the American Lokomotive company, was constructed on June 1950 - August 1956.
Dan Mishkin was created by Bolt, Paris Cullins and the alternative name is Larry Bolatinsky., The comic character Bolt (comics character) was founded by paris Cullin and died away from France.
Batchoy is from the Philippines where Chinese Filipinos are an ethnic group of Zamboangans. The English language is Philippine Spanish., Philippines, which is one of the languages in Philippines, is Asian Ingles and China Hungarian soldiers.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is located in Soldevanahalli, Ahatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090., Acharya University's director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and its campus has the campus in Outlordahalli (India) and His headquarters are M.G.P. Prasblancor.
Abraham van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam, where the AFC Ajax (amateurs) are one of the ground in Amsterdam., Amsterdam's leader is Eberhard van DerLaan.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. It has an elevation of 618 metres above sea level and it is at the location of Al Abdar Province (Iraq).
AFC Ajax N.V. is owned by the AFC, which has 53502] members and its main member is 53502.
Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in Illinois, is the key person of Douglas R Oberhelman and comes from the United States. The AIDAluna is a power type of CaterpillarInc..
Carl A Wirtanen was discovered by Carl A. Wirtenen., The 29075 DA of 1950 DA has a discoverer CarlA Wirtainen.
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The Akron (Ohio) is situated in both the US.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland, Switzerland. Its dean is Mario Botta and has 600 students.
Alessio Romagnoli, who plays for the U.C Sampdoria club, is a member of the Serie A and he also played for Sinisa Mihajlović and Silvio Berlusconi., The manager of C. Milan's club is Sinjalimi Alijović.
The American Journal of Mathematics has an academic discipline of math and its phon number is 1080-6377., Am J. Math, the abbreviation of Am J Math.
Bhajji is a main ingredients of gram flour, vegetables and has the alternative name Bajji, bajji., Bajji's main ingredient is Gram Flour and chickens.
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and worked as a Socialist Party (Netherlands). Agnes Kant is the Alma mater of Radboud University Nijmegen., Agnes Kant, whose alma mater is an Administrative Party of Netherlands, was retired from west Germany.
Audi is a subsidiary of Ducati., The Audi A1 was manufactured by Audi, which has its subsidiaries and Daserati.
Aleksandr Barkov Jr was born in Finland., The birthplace of Alekser Barkow Jr is the birth place of Finland.
Adam Koc was a member of the Officer's Star Parasol., Abraham Koc, who fought in World War I, plays for the United War.
The United States was founded on 1776-04-04 and has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres., Austin Gas is from the King of Prussia, Pennsylvania in the U.S. The country's current area is 9736036.63 sq km and its location is 833084.63 quadrametres.
Andrew Rayel is a musician who performs Trance music, originated from Pop music., The musical genre of the band Jwaydan Moyine and John Digweed can be found in pop music.
The bacon sandwich is from the United Kingdom and has an ingredient in Condiment., BLT is one of the ingredients in Bacon, which is a variation of BLT. It is used to be found in the U.K.A.S.C.
Alvah Sabin was born on 23 October,1793 and worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont. He is a member of the U.S. D.N.D. in Georgia (Vermont), whose birth date was May 23rd March 2004.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the Battle of France. He began his debut on April 03th, 1974 with an active date on March 30th 1979.
Albert Uderzo was created by René Goscinny., The comic character Asterix, which has the origins of The comic Car Acter, is creator of Rene Gosignany.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and it is located in King County (United States).
The ALV X-1 is manufactured by the Alliance Techsystems, which has an AGM-88 HARM product., Alliant Tech Systems produces AGL X-1, and its products are assembled from the Associazione Ttechsystems. It is a member of the AGR awards.
The architect of 3Arena is HOK SVE., 3Arena was designed by the architect hOK SSVE.
Greek is the language of Greece.
Alan Martin was born on 1st of January 1989 and plays for Hamilton Academical FC. He is a member of the club Crewe Alexandra F.C., The footballer Alan Martin, whose birth date was on 01/01/1989, has been found in Hamilton College of FC.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. English is also written in Great Britain and one of the languages comes from that country., English is used to play for the U.S.
Ajoblanco is a food ingredient in Ajoblanco, Spain., The Ajowyso comes from Spain and it is an ingredient of Bread.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C..
Acura TLX has a 9 speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6) transmission., The Acura TrLX is an automatique transmission of 9-speed Z9HPautomatically.
The comic character Ballistic (comics character) was created by Doug Moench and is alternatively known as Kelvin Mao., KelvinMao has the alternative name of the comic book character Basculant.
Arròs negre is from Spain, where Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of the Valencian Community and Ximo Puig., Aroos wys are in Spain whose leader is Ferreira VI.
Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States., The US is a member of Saranac Lake and its homefoundrives.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Plastic Mak and Head South By Weaving., The band of Alison Donnell, whose musical artist is Plastik Mak, was affiliated with plastic Mak.
Anders Osborne is a guitarist who performs rock music and began as Bhangra. He was associated with the band Johnny Sansone and he worked as guitarista., The musical fusion genre of Rock music, Andersosborne has been signed to Aceh Records and can be found in jazz music.
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907XC, has an epoch date of 27 June 2015. Its periapsis is 41911339460312 km/m., The ancien name of 1001 Gausia is 1923 UAA908XC and has its edeast date on 27th June 2015 in 2015. It was by the a member of 1923 ICAO907 XC. It has 3 19113394 55312kilometres.
Angola, Indiana is in the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups., The English language is also written for the U.S. The country is from the US and has an ethnical group of AsianAmericans.
Binignit is a dessert from the Visayas region, Philippines. The main ingredients of Binignit are sweet potato and coconut milk., The main ingredient of binignit can be found in the Sumayes region that is succeeded by Sweetpotato.
Ajo Blanco is a alternative name of Ajoblanco., The alternative title of the company Ajoblanco, has an Alternative name to Ajowys.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC and played for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club.
Swords, Dublin is part of Dublin (constituency of the European Parliament)., The Swords in Dublin's Parties are from Dublin. The European Parlement constituency is the U.K. Parlament.
The Agra Airport is located in Awadh, Uttar Pradesh and led by Ram Naik. It is part of Bundelkhand and has the native name of Kheria Air Force Station.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis and the capital city is Bucharest., Abel IIohannis are leaders from Romania whose capital is Bucarest.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Nikos Voutsis is the leader of which is Prokopis Pavlopoulos., The A. E dimitra Edimentinocropolis is situated in Ghréig (Greece) whose leader isניקוs Koutsis.
Hypermarcas is a key person in the company S.A. (corporation) whose CEO is the CEO., The CEO of Hypermarca's type is AS.
The maiden voyage of Alcabra is 1855-07-07., Alhambra was a MaidenVoyage on the 7th March 1850.
B.M. Reddy is the president of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India. The President of which is B. M.reddy and b.m. reddy.
A Severed Wasp is a language in the United States, where Barack Obama is led by Baack Obama. The country's ethnic group is one of the Native Americans who are from the U.S., The English language is also written in Great Britain.
Amarillo, Texas is located in the United States., The country of Amarillo is from the U.S.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The English language is written in Great Britain and was also used to be translated by Joe Biden.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party. Mark Rutte is the leader of Netherlands, which is led by Mark rutte., Ab K Link was founded in Vanderdam whose nationality is made from the Netherlands where one of its currency is Euro.
Aaron Deer originated in Indiana and originates from the United States.
Agnes Kant is a member of the Parliamentary group leader in the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader and Emile Roemer are an Socialist Party., The nationality of Agnes Kant's nationalité is Holland and its leader is made from the European groups leaders. He was led by Mme Marmer and he worked for the Liberal Party (Netherlands).
Hypermarcas has a total revenue of 1800000000 and is located in São Paulo. The Healthcare product is one of the largest workers who are 10252 employs., The Hypermarca, which was found in Sao Paulo, has an income of $1800000000.
A Loyal Character Dancer has an ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3., The book number is 1-53084301-3.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located in Amsterdam., The city of Amsterdam Airport Sciphol, serves Amsterdam, is the location of Amstardam.
Andra is a solo singer who was born in Câmpia Turzii and plays for Rhythm and blues music. Andra, whose background is soliste, performs at the musical genre Arythme and Blues., Andra (singer) has an occupation of Singing in 1986 and can be part of the country with its background as singing.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in Frederick County, Maryland, United States. It was established on the 11th of March 1907 and has been owned by the National Park Service.
The epoch date of 1089 Tama is 2005-11-26 and has an escape velocity of 0.0068 km per seconds. It was formerly known as A919 HA; 1927WB, and its orbital period is 12021.69 days. Its apoapsis is 350013000.0 km/s.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the World War II., Born in Kingbridge, is a member of the American Airey Nave.
Chinabank, which was founded on 16th August 1920, has 15100000000 and its net income is of 1500000000. Chinabank comes from the Public company in Manila. It has 295 metres above sea.
James Craig Watson was discovered by 103 Hera in Canada., The founder of 103Hera is James Craig, which has the origins of Canada.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York, United States and died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico., Born in Staten Island, is the U.S. A.N.A.
Jack Kirby was created by Balder, comic character., The comic book character Balders is written by Jack Kirsby.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23rd March 1927 and died in St Louis. He was a member of the University of Texas System and is affiliated with the U.S. S.A., whose birth date is 27th June 1927. His alma mater is Universit's at Austin and his Alma mater has an Universitas as well as the United States.
The AMC Matador was assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin and has a model year 1974. It is related to the memorandum of transport with the Ambassador., Ametador's model years are 1974 and can be manufactured by the MAmbassadeur.
Bakewell pudding is a shortcrust food ingredient., Baisewell tart is an ingredient of Shortcrust Pasta and it is varied from the baguette tart.
Ayam penyet is a main ingredient in the Malaysian Chinese who are an ethnic group of Malaysia. Its main ingredients are fried chicken and it is found in Indonesia., The Ayamdnikov is one of the traditional groups in Malaysia, where the country's region is Malaysia.
 1097 Vicia has a periapsis of 279142000000.0 and its epoch date is December 31st 2006. It has an orbital period of 135589000.0, mass of 89.8 kilograms., Located in 2006-12-31, 109 km/h, 1993, it has the total mass de 9.8kilogrammis.
Ace Wilder is a record label in EMI Records., The record Label of the musical label (Amérique Records) is EMI Record.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and served as member of the House of Representatives. He was retired to the Christian Democratic Appeal party, whose alma mater is Leiden University.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Innse County, Michigan. It has a runway length of 1533.0 and an elevation of 210 metres above sea level., The city of the region of Austria are served by the members of Alcana County regional Airport, which is 210 km long.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the capital city is Baku. The leader of the country is Prime Minister and Artur Rasizade.
Baked Alaska is from Paris, New York or Hong Kong and its main ingredients are Meringue, gelato cream, spongecakes or Christmas pudding. It is also found in France, United States or China.
 Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States., The U.S. is a country in the US.
A Long Long Way has a ISBN number of 00-670-03380-4., The ISBN Number of A Long long Way is 0-670-93380-4 and has an ISBN Numéro of 16-8706-3.
Trane is located in Swords, Dublin and Ireland., TRANE is found in Ireland.
 1097 Vicia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and an apoapsis of 410792000.0 km., The periapsis of 279142000.0 km is found in the Epoch on 31st December 2006. It was abbreviated to 530090000.0kilometres.
William Anders is a backup pilot of Apollo 11 and William Anders.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by the architect Julia Morgan, who was born in California and is located in Chinatown, San Francisco. It has a significant building of Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle., Julia Morgan's monumental building is Chinesetown (San Francisco) and its architecture is Aleksandr Castle.
Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm on 23rd March 1982 and is a solo singer., Ase recording of the background is solo musician, who was birthed in Sweden on June 23th 1982.
103 Hera has an escape beam of 0.0482 km per seconds and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 km. It is a temperature of 170.0 Kelvins., 83,250 km/h, in the 11th of September 2004, it was evacuated with an assorbimento of 0,0482kilometres per sec.
1101 Clematis has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an apoapsis of 520906000.0 km. It has a epoch date of 31 December 2006., 11 December 2006 is the asteroid in which Insectes are located at 1101 Clamatis, where it was completed on 23 November 2006.
AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises, located in Rostock., The largest operator of the location of it is יאה Cruise and comes from ROstock.
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India., The leader in India is Sumitra Maharajan.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akit, Japan. It is part of Akai Prefecture and has the leader of Tarō Asō. The country's leader is Tarô asō.
Aaron Turner was originated in Boston., Alan Turner is from Boston.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was produced in 1958 and a production end of 1958.
Aleksandra Kovač is associated with Kornelije Kvaz and the musician Kornelioje Kovac., The artist of Aleksandra KCovač, who plays in the band/ymphonique Jovač.
The ground of Olympique Lyonnais is Parc Olympiques Lyonnas., Alympique Lyonnaise's ground is located at the Parc Olympiaque Lionnais.
Arlington is part of Texas, where English is the language., The language of Arlington in Texas is English.
Antwerp International Airport is located in the city of Antwerp, which has a runway length of 600.0 and its owner is Flemish Region. It operates the Flemish Department of Mobilité and Public Works. Its elevation is above sea level is 12.6 km/h., The Lussemburgo International airport was servesed by the Flèche region and began it with an operating organisation for the flammish division of Lamish Division of
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is a season of 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece., The saison in the A. E Diamitra Afxeitoupolis plays at the 15th AEPSTH (Greece).
The Acharya Institute of Technology is a sport club in the International Tennis Federation. It has been offered to tennis, and plays for tennis with the Sport Governing Body.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and his successor is Isaac Rojas. He was a member of the profession of Rear admirel whose successore is Asaacاسر., The birth date of 1891/05/20, made by Albertoblanco Wysaire, who was succeeded by Jasper Rojasa.
Albany, Oregon has 45.97 square kilometres and is a total area of 45.97 sq km.
A.S. Roma is a season of 2014-15 Serie A in 2014.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California., Corned by California is the CaterpillarInc.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, Spain. Its operate organisation is ENAIRE., The location of the Adonis Saovar Madrid-Baratajas airport is Albubendaes and is operated by EnAIRE.
101 Helena has an apoapsis of 441092000.0 km and an average speed of 18.44 km per second., One of the following amounts is 44.04 km/ps, and one of its lengths are 441920000.0kilometres.
Walter Baade was born in German Empire and died in the University of Göttingen. He was discovered 1036 Ganymed, which was founded by Halton Argus and he was doctoral student to Allan Sandage.
Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, Bacon singer, piece 'n bacion, bocon barm, bcon muffin. The main ingredients are Bread and becon, with a condiment, souvent ketchup or brown sauce. It is also known as an alternative name in the country of the U.S., Bako Sandwich (which originates from the United Kingdom) is 
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Chicago, United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare. He worked as the U.S. S.R.D. Santé, Enseignement and welfare.
Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd March 1980 and is located in Asser Livy Place and East 23nd Street. It has a reference number of 80002709 and an ajout of the United States, 1980-04-23.
The Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York. The runway length is 1219.0 and it has 1319.0 metres long.
The AMC Matador is related to the AIC Ambassador., Amean of transport, which is also associated with the AAMC M ambassador.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint. It has the ISBN number 978-1-4107-4253-7 and is published in print.
The Arrabbiata sauce is a food ingredient in the country of Italy., Aroma, it is from Italy and has an ingredient as Tomato.
Amdavad ni Gufa is from India, where the leader is T. S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan., The leader of India in India is Tost S Thkur.
Airey Neave was active in the date of 1953-06-27 and he began his debut on 30th March 1979.
Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd Street (Manhattan) and has an architect style Romanesque Revival architecture in 1904., The Architectural style of Asser Levi, whose home was founded on 22nd Street in Manhattad, is known as 80002709.
Agustin Barboza is a solo singer who performs Guarania music and has the record label Philips Records.
The Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is located in Arapiraca, Brazil. It has the ground of Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and its champions are Vila Nova Fampeonato Clube., Agremiação Sportiva Arapirquense was played for the campeonato Brésil with the location of Estepírica, Andalusia, Brasil. Its ground is situated in Ariraca and it plays for Silvano Ftiye
Agusín Barboza died in Asunción, Paraguay, is part of Gran Asuncion and Juan Afara., The leader of the country is Juan Asfara.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The leader of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh and live Nation Entertainment.
Aenir is published by Garth Nix and has an ISBN number of 1-439-17684-0., The author of the book Rath nix, whose media type is print, is 439-17934-0.
The ISBN number of A Wizard of Mars is 978-20-15-204700-2 and has the media type in Hardcover., ISBN number: 978-1-15-204075-2, was booked by The U.S. D.A.D.
Alfred Moore Scales was a member of the Battle of Chancellorsville., Adolf Moore Scacchi has played for Battles of Cancellersville.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. The campus is in Soldevanahalli, Ahatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090., Acharya Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road ( HessarghattaMain Road) is located in Bangalore at the city of Bangalore, India.
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and has a total area of 58.38., The Trane's subsidiario type is subsidiary.
The area of Austin, Texas has a total area density of 1296.65 (inhabitants per square kilometre) and its area code is 512., One of the surfaces at Austin in Texas are 686.0 sq km and it has an area number of 512.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez plays for A.D. Isidro Metapan and is a member of the A D.S. It's club.
Tarō Asō is the leader of Japan., The leader in Japan is Tarō asō.
Anderson is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The country of Anderson is located in Indiana, U.S. and he also began to play for Indiana.
Aaron S Daggett was a commander in the American Civil War. Robert E Lee, whose Battle of Cold Harbor is part of the militar conflict.
Andra, who was born in Romania, is a solo singer and performs Rhythm and blues music. Andra's background is soliste and can be found in the country of Romania., Born in 1986, Andra has an rhythm and Blues musician and plays rock music.
The orbital period of 1097 Vicia is 135589000.0 and it has an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
Denmark's capital is Copenhagen., The capital of Denmark is the Copenhagen capital.
The United Kingdom is the capital of London, where Boris Johnson is led by Elizabeth II and has an currency of Pound sterling., 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the U.S. The capital city of Londra, whose leader is Boris Johnson and its capital is London.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer whose genre is Zamba., The record label of RCA Records, which has the origins of African Opossuans, was signed to Zambe Records and its background is solo singer.
Alex Plante was born on 9th July 1989 in Brandon, Manitoba and plays for Anyang Halla club., The birth date of 1989 is the birthplace of Alex Plantes, who began his football club at Asnyang halla.
1099 Figneria has a mass of 2.7 kilograms., The mass is 2.7 kgm and the mass was found in 1099 Flerinia.
 Cornell University has the nickname of Cornelle Big Red.
Alex Plante has a height of 1.93084., The length of Alex Plantes is 1.994].
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R Pogson and has an epoch date of December 31st 2006., The founder of 107 CamillA is N.
The Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where Sergio Mattarella is the leader. The capital of Italy is Rome and its leader is Pietro Grasso.
Aaron S Daggett won the Purple Heart., The awards of Aarons Dagett is Purple heart.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria while the President was Adolf Schärf. He was in office during the birthplace of Austria, where he was president., Albubricated from Austria and died in work along with Abolfo Schäf.
Alvis Speed 25 has a single plate corpedo, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and allsyncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle., The Alvis speed 25 is transmission of the semplice plate carcchicken, separat 4speedgearbox All-side and allo-sincronhq, Centre change leve levier, aproncement fourllor
The United States Air Force is a fighter for McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle in the Battle of Korean War and was operated by Al Asad Airbase. The Lockheed AC-130 is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and the U.S. air force, which has an operating organisation of transport transportation military planes that are known as Albuquerl Adams F15.
Abilene is part of Jones County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and it is located in South County (United States)., The country's capital are Washington DC.
Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore, where Beef kway teow is found., Bew kwaye teOW is from Singapore and one of the leaders in Singapore.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer whose genre is Zamba., The background of the musician, Alfredou Zitarroa's musical genre has Zima (artform) and its background is soliste.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the leader of the city Administrator., The city manager in Ann'Arbor ( Michigan) is led by the City Administrator.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is a media type of Ebook., The author of the comic book, A-Book, has published 1634:The Ram rebellion.
