Marv Wolfman won Eagle Award (comics) and has been a member of the comic book.
William Anders was a crew member of Apollo 8, whose backup pilot is Buzz Aldrin. He retired on the 1st September 1969 and has Frank Borman attended the Apollo 8.
Julian Peron is a Labour Party in Argentina., Jen Perón, whose party is the Lavoro Party of Argentina.
Anders Osborne is associated with the band rock music and Tab Benoit performs Rock music., Born in Galactic, Anders Osborn was a member of the musical band Billy Iuso whose musical genre isRock music.
The A.F.C. Fylde is located in Bryning Lane and has 3180 members., Bryינג Lane is the ground of A F. C. Wysen, whose ground is beating Lane.
The inauguration date of the Akita Museum of Art was on 28th September 2013., Akita museum of art was inaugurated on 27th October 2013.
Andrew Rayel is a musician whose genre is Trance music and Christian Burns. The musical genre of the band was pop music., Born in Pop music, he performed by Bobina as an rhythmic origin of rock music.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, whose nationality is Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin., The date of 31 December 2006, the founder of 101  Helen has an epoch date on 31st December 2006. It was descoperted by John Craig Williams (Canada) and his birth place was spent on November 31, 2006.
The AMC Matador is related to the AIC Ambassador., Amnesty International was a member of the United States, which has an associated means of transport.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, United States and died in California. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and is a member of Apollo 14 whose Alma mater was NWC, M.A. 1957., The alma mater of the Apollo 14, AlanShepard (born on November 18th 1923) was Apollo 14.
Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, Bacon singer, piece 'n baco, bocon barm and bacion muffin. The main ingredients are: Bread and becon, with a condiment, souvent ketchup or brown sauce., Among the main ingredient is Banana Sandwich, in the U.K.R.S. from the United Kingdom, it has an alternative name of
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., The Acte Mathematicsa Mikulica has an Abbreviation of Act A Math, Hungar.
Alan Shepard was retired on August 1, 1974. He graduated from Apollo 14.
Alan B Miller Hall was located in Williamsburg, Virginia and is owned by College of William & Mary. He was inaugurated on 30 March 2007.
Batagor is a peanut sauce ingredient in Siomay., The Batagor, which has an ingredient of Peanut-sauce, can be varied by Siimay.
AFC Ajax N.V. is owned by the AFC, which has 53502] members and its main member is 53502.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas and died in Galicia (Spain)., The birthplace of Abel Cab Alve is located in Andalusia, Spain.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the leader of the city Administrator., The City Administrator is an American whose leader is Ann'Arbor in Michigan.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and is a nationality of the United States., The country's birthplace is Glenridge (New Jersey) and has an American national.
The 3Arena is located in East Link Bridge., 3Arena has a floor location at the west link Bridge.
The architect of 3Arena is HOK SVE., HOK SSVE was architected by the 3-Arena.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was designed by Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Güner. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade and the designer for the Baku, Turkey which is led by Alzar Raswys.
Baked Alaska is from Paris, New York or Hong Kong and its main ingredients are Meringue, gelato cream, spongecakes or Christmas pudding. It is also found in France, United States or China.
The area of Austin, Texas has a total area in 686.0 square kilometres and an area code 512. It has the population density of 1296.65 (inhabitants per sq km) and its area is 512.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the largest city in Washtenaw County., The higher city of Wisconsin is Ann-Arbor.
 Lemon is a dessert of Bandeja paisa, which comes from the species of Cirus.,  Limon is an ingredient in bandejas paisa and it is succeeded by succès.
Ayam penyet is a main ingredient in the Malaysian Chinese who are an ethnic group of Malaysia. Its main ingredients are fried chicken and it is found in Indonesia., The Ayamdnikov is one of the traditional groups in Malaysia, where the country's region is Malaysia.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, part of Ellington and Little Chute., The city of Appleton is the location of appleton international airport at Orangeville (Ellington) and it is operated by Allington.
 Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland., Abradab is the birth place of Abrarab who died in Pologne.
Massimo Drago plays for the S.S.D Potenza Calcio and is a member of the A.C Cesena, whose manager is mademoiselle Drago., The manager of AS C Cesenea's club is Massimo drago.
Alan Shepard awards the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy)., The American Navy was born in the US Navy and died of the distinguished service  Médecine.
The batchoy is an ingredient of Chicken., Bake's ingredient is beef.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns and the musical artist Mark Sixma., Born in March 6th, 1996, was a member of the musician Christian Brenns.
Befa kway teow is a food found in Singapore and Indonesia. One of the ingredients are Oyster sauce and belongs to the region of Indonesia.
10 Hygiea was formerly known as A900 GA and has an epoch date of June 27th 2015.
Alex Day's musical genre is Synthpop, which has its origins pop music and was derived by House music., The solo singer Alex Day can be found in the house music.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Adenan Satem., Adenian Satim was the successor of Abdul Tab Mahmoud.
Douglas R. Oberhelman is the key person of AIDAluna, which has the power type in Caterpillar Inc., The leader of ANADAluna is Douglas ROberhelmans.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and his successor is Isaac Rojas. He was a member of the profession of Rear admirel whose successore is Asaacاسر., The birth date of 1891/05/20, Albertoblanco was succeeded by Jasper Rojasa.
 Asuncion is part of Gran Asunción., Asuncion, located in gran Asunciones, is the location of Asunció.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and played for Operation Enduring Freedom., The AlAsad airbase, which has an operation organisation of the U.S. Air force, was involved in the Battle of Operation enduring Liberté.
AZAL PFK is a ground in AZAL Arena and plays for the Azerbaijan Premier League. Its champions are Qarababa FK and Qarabag FK., Alzal pFK, whose ground is at AZ Arena, have been played for its affiliated with the UAZ Prime League.
The Bacon Explosion is a main course and is an ingredient of bacon., Bacon explosion was made in the Main course.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California, California., The building of the CaterpillarInc. is California.
Buffalo, New York is part of Erie County, NY., 250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo (New York) and the location of 250 Deelaware Street is found in U.S.
The media type of covers is Hardcover.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, was owned by Costa Crociere and has a longueur of 253260.0 millimetres. Its beam is 32.2 and its largest runway is 232.2.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl is a full name of Associaziones sportives Gubbieo 1909 Srdl. It was located in Stadio Pietro Barbetti and has 3800 members.
The AIDAluna, which is owned by the Danish Cruises, was founded in California. It has a power type of Caterpillar Inc. and its location is Rostock., Attaluna comes from ROstock (capital of California) and it is operated by Denmark.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan which is led by an U.K.A., whose leader is Anwar Zakheer jamali.
Adimisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, the country's language is Tamil.
Baked Alaska is a dessert of Christmas pudding and it has an ingredient in the Christmas Pudding.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the headquarters of Jinnah International Airport, Punjab, Pakistan. The leader of the Provincial Assembly and the country's Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Uttar Pradesh (Pakistan). It is operated by the Pakistan civilaviation authority whose capital is Jinna International engine.
AIDS (journal) has an academic discipline of HIV in the family of Orthoretrovirinae and its doctoral discipline is HIV., The AIDS journal, which was published in Journal, can be found in both the orthorrivedrine and the psychiatric discipline.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by Grantville Gazette III and published by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint., The author of the book (Virginia De Marce) andEric flint, is Virginia deMarcé and ErikFlint.
The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel and has 60 floors in Chicago, United States., 300 North LaSalle is located in the DuPage County, Illinois, U.S. He is led by Rahman Emmanuel. The city is part of Dupage County (Illinois).
Albuquerque City Council is the leader of Albuquerques, New Mexico., The city Council which is led by Albuqueraque, N.M. are leaders.
Asam pedas is a fish cuisined in sour and hot sauce. The main ingredients of the Asam Pedas are fish cuisined in suc and sweet dessert.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina., The country's leader is Gabriela Mchetti.
Airey Neave was a member of the Order of The British Empire and fought in the Battle of France, on 30th March 1979. He died away with the order of an empire britannique.
The 1955 Dodge has 230 cubic inches and its moteur is 230 cubes.
The minimum temperature of the FD (410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.44075 kms and is 211.0 Kelvins., 211.0kelvins, which has a minimum temperatura of 21,0 litres in the total area of 11977 6702.46036 km.
A.S. Roma is a season of 2014-15 Serie A in 2014., The A S Roma plays in the series A on 15th September, 2014 and it has its season.
Aaron Bertram is associated with Kids Imagine Nation and plays for the Suburban Legends. Pop music is genre of pop music.
Alvah Sabin, who died in Sycamore, Illinois, was led by Vermont's 3rd Congresssional District. He attended the largest city in Burlington (Vermont) and his 31st December 2005.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, part of the Community of Madrid., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baratajas airport is situated in Alcabenda's community.
Amdavad ni Gufa was architected by B. V Doshi., The architect of Amdavad Ni GUFA was BV Do shi.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hongrie and died in the Austria where Doris Bures is the leader., Allora, whose leader is DoriS Bure, began his birthplace to Austria–Hongheria.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born in Iraq., Aحمد Kadham Assaad was birthplace in the عراق.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States. The leader of Albuquerques City Council is Richard J Berry., Albaque (United States) is led by Austin J. Berry.
Bakso is a leader in Indonesia, where the capital is Jakarta. It is also popular in the vicining Southeast Asian countries and is led by Joko Widodo., Javaco Widnikov is the leader of Indonesia whose language is Indonesian.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia (Spain) while the monarchy is Juan Carlos I of Spain, whose predecessor is Francisco Franco., Balaureat was Born in Galicia (Espagne). He was in office during the governance of Jose Franco.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and one of its ethnic groups are Native Americans., The country's capital has Washington DC and Akron originates from the US.
Agusín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay on 5th of April 1913., The birth date of Agustin Barboz was 1913-05-05 and is the birthdate of August 15, 1913.
The 3rd runway surface type of Poaceae is poaceae and has the Monocotyledon class.
Aenir is followed by the English language., One of the languages above the Veil is English.
Agusín Barboza was born in Asuncion and is a solo singer. He performs Guarania music, whose background is soliste., The musical genre of Afrosia (music) has its background comes from Andalucia.
Anaheim, California is part of Orange County, United States. He is led by the California State Assembly and is located in the Greater Los Angeles Area., The leader of Anaheim (United States) is the state assemblage of California, where the country is one of the leaders.
A Wizard of Mars is published by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 978-20-15-204700-2., The author of A, whose media type is Hardcover, has an ISBN Number 978-1-15-204075-2 and its book number is hardcover.
Allan Shivers was a member of the World War II Battle., Alan Chivers, whose battle is in World war II.
AIDS journal is located in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is led by David Cameron and its capital is London., The U.S. The leader of the UK is David CCameron whose capital was London.
Akeem Dent was a member of the Atlanta Falcons, who plays for Atlanta Falces and Arthur Blank., Arthur Blank is owned by the American Alan Blank.
Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904., The Asser Levay public Bath is a member of the year of Construction, 1904.
A Severed Wasp is a country in the United States, where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The English language is also written in Great Britain., Americans comes from the U.S.
1036 Ganymed has a temperature of 160.0 Kelvins., One of the temperatures of 1036 Gnymed, is 16.0.0kelvins.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the 4th district, which is located in the United States Army.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York, United States and died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico., Born in Staten Island, is the U.S. A.N.A.
Alan B Miller Hall was owned by College of William & Mary and is located in Virginia, Virginia. It was inaugurated on 30 March 2007.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Roma, whose ground is 2014-15 Serie A and has 70634 members., AS Roma's home ground was located in Rome on 15th September 2014 series A.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. It has an ISSN number of 1589-2613 and its LCCN number is 86036315., The ACCC number was 84107315 and it has the UCCN numero 8407515.
Athens is the Olympic Stadium in Athens. The maire of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis and it is located in Atene. It has a ground for Ajax Athens F.C., Apollo Athens f.c., which is part of the Olympia Stadium at Athens, is situated in an Athens.
Alan Frew is associated with Glass Tiger and plays for the musical artist., The band Alan FreW's musician is Glass Tigr.
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico, where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico. It is also available in English and it is an variation of cookie.
The Premier Development League is champions of the UK and K-W United FC. The Akron Summit Assault was located in St Vincent-St Mary High School, which is led by the Premier Develop League and plays for the Prime Development Liga., Akron's ground is San Vincent–St. Mary high School and competes with the U.S.E.K.U.F.
Amsterdam- Centrum is part of Amsterdam., The Netherlands's part is Amsterdam- centrum.
Sadnikov (confectionery) is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, a dessert of Christmas pudding.
Aleksandra Kovac was active in 1990 and performed as a soul music genre., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovač is the Soul music, who began his debut on 1990.
Trinidad is the country of Point Fortin., The city of Trinidad's state is located.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. It has an elevation of 618 metres above sea level and it is at the location of Al Abdar Province (Iraq).
Vegetable is an ingredient of batchoy., The Vegetable ingredient is BatchoY.
The Acura TLX is manufactured by Honda and has a inline-four engine., Acura, which was produced in Honda, can be found in the Honda.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, located in Azerbaijan. The leader of the country is Artur Rasizade and died by the Ottoman Arm Commanders who were uccisi.
A Severed Wasp is a country in the United States, where the capital city is Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group of the U.S., The English language was written in Great Britain whose capital has Washington DC and one of its ethnies comes from the US.
Alpharetta is part of Georgia (U.S.) in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S. where Washington DC is its capital.
The ingredient of Arròs negre is Squid., Arròs are located in Spain and it comes from Spain.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austrian German and died in Graz. He is a leader of Austria whose leader is Doris Bures.
Avocado is a species of Persea., The Avocado, which has the known genre of persea, is one of its types of Afroa.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent, Kent and his Alma mater is Magdaleen College Cambridge., The Conservative Party (UK) was the member of Adam Noble Ay who began his alma mater as Magdalene College, Cambridge.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It has a final airport on 28th August 2014 and its maiden ship is 2013-04-21., Antares (rocket) was launching from the Mid Atlantic Regional spaceport, which was made by youzhnary Design office and produces the New York design Office.
Anderson is part of Indiana, which is led by the Democratic Party in the United States. The capital of India is Indianapolis and its headquarters are Washington D.C..
Bakewell tart is a shortcrust food ingredient in the Derbyshire Dales region. It has an ingredient of Shortcrust Pasta., The Bakewell pudding, which is part of derbyshire and it is also variation of baked tart. Its dessert is longcrust margarid.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24th of February 1989 and plays for FC Spartak Moscow. He is a member of the FC cuban Krasnodar club., The birth date of 1989.02.19, Aleksandr Prublanco has been born in 1989-02-25 and his club is FC Turkkrasnodar.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, 2013-04-21. It has a maiden airport on the 21th of April 2013., Antares (rocket) was made by youzhnny Design office and led its site at Mid Atlantic Regional spaceport Lanspad 0 in 2014. The MaidenFlights are 2014-04-21.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas., The Amarillo in Texas is located in Potter counties and they are found.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was produced in 1958 and is a production end of 1958., Abarth 000 GT Ccoupe was manufactured on 1958.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a crew member of the Nigerian Army., The army of Nigeria is an Military Branch.
AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises, located in Rostock., The operator of the Avenidaluna (operated by Lיאה Cruise) is Larata.
Aaron S Daggett won the Purple Heart., The awards of Aarons Dagett is Purple heart.
Airey Neave was active in 1953-06-27 and he completed his debut on the 30th of March 1979.
Aleksandra Kovac's background is solo singer., The background of Aleksandra Kovač is soliste.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Tyrol (state), who died in Graz., Afons GorBACH is a member of the state of Tirol, Ist.
Bhajji is a main ingredient in the gram flour, vegetables and belongs to the country of India., Bajji's main ingredients are gram Flour and chickens.
Inuktitut is the language of Canada., The language in Uscitatut can be found in Canada.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where the  hymn is O Canada. The leader of Canada is Elizabeth II and its language is Slavey., The largest country's anthem is U Canada.
John Madin was born in Birmingham, where the postal code is B postcode area. The leader of Birmingham is John Clancy (Labour politician)., The city name of 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Maddin who was originated from Birmingham.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has a runway length of 308.0 and it is operated by the Atlantic City international Airport., The Atlantic city International airport (which is part of the U.S.
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County., Albia Ialia is located in the city of alba County.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is an abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. It has the academic discipline of Mathematics and it has its SSN number 0236-5294., The Académice Discipline of Acte Jacobica, whose graduate discipline is mathématique.
Aleksandra Kovač is associated with Kornelije Kvaz and the musician Kornelioje Kovac., The artist of Aleksandra KCovač, who plays in the band/the musical artist Kornellije Kasac.
A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages and is printed., The A Glastonebury, which has the media type of print, is 512 pages.
Banana is an ingredient in Binignit, which originates from the Visayas region of Philippines. The main ingredients are sweet potato and succeeded by banana., Binignit can be found in the city of Visayeas regions and it is a dessert.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and was partyed by the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Born in Royaume-Sarawak is the birthplace of Abdul Tab Mahmoud.
The full name of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is A.
James Craig Watson was born in Madison, Wisconsin and died in Peritonitis. He has the doctoral of University of Michigan whose alma mater is the U.S.N.K.; James Craig (born in Canada) was discovered 101 Helena.
The Atlas II final airport was the 16th March 1998., Atlas II is a final vehicle on the 14th of March, 1998.
The Abilene Regional Airport is located in the city of Austin, Texas. It has a runway length of 2194.0 and an elevation of 546 metres above sea level. The location identifier is KABI (named 17R/35L).
Bo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman., Bobby Bibbeowski, whose full name is Bo Bibbaowski.
The 3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The leader of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh and its location is Dublin., 3Arena was owned by Live Nation Entertainment and operated by live nation Entertainment.
10 Hygiea has a temperature of 164.0kelvins and its surface area is 837080.744 square kilometres. It has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968kilometres., The 10 Hygia, which has the surface zone of 83900.0744 sq km/s, was abtained in 52394158233968 Kilometres and it has 16,4 Kelvins.
Bef kway teow is from Singapore, where Standard Chinese is the language.
Alex Day's genre is Synthpop, which originated from Disco., The stylistic origin of synth pop is Disco.
The Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, where the leader is Sergio Mattarella., Arorabbiate can be found in Italy and its language is Italian.
The comic character Auron was created by Karl Kesel, Americans and Walt Simonson., Auron is a national of America and he was born in the comic book Car Acter.
Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of Mexico where Bionico is a dessert. Sandesh (confectionery) is an ingredient in bionico, which is from Mexico and has its leader whose leader is Eريجي Paña Niete.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where Daniel Martínez is the politician. The country's leader is Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez and Daniel Martinez are an Spanish language.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy, the capital of Rome. It has a related means of transport and Lancia Spartak., Lancia Opossum are an affiliated with the Alfa Rom 164 whose capital is Rome.
Bailen is part of Leinster.,  Dublin is located in Leenster.
William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 in British Hong Kong and his Alma mater is AFIT, M.S. 1962.
The epoch date of the escape velocity is 0.0999 km per seconds and has an orbital period of 360.29 days and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km., (66063) 1998 RO1 was formerly known as 1999 SN5 and it has in ed December 4th 2013, a squelette of 0,0999 kilograms per sec. It has at its orbitals period 36.29 days; became abbreviated
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, KY, a solo singer. He is one of the genres of acoustic music and can be found in Dothan, AL.
Buzz Aldrin is a member of NASA and operates Apollo 11. The Apollo 11 was operated by NASA.
John Valor was created by Sheldon Moldoff and the alternative name of Black Pirate is Jon Valor., The black Pirate, which has a similar name to Joe Valor, can be founded in Newfoundland.
Andrew the Apostole is a patron saint in Romania., The patron of Romania is Andrew the Apostle.
Alagoas is the home ground of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, which is located in Alagoes and plays for the club Vila Nova Ftiye Clube. Its ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, Brazil., The city of Aquigoas are an champions of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense who have been played for campeonato Brésil.
The Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is champions of Vila Nova Ftiye Clube and plays for the club corpedo Brasilia, Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca., Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's home ground is Esteádio municipal Coasracy de Matafónseca and competes in the FCampionat Mexican League. It has its ground as the location of Esta Novo Folfsburg Clubed.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kutttiyetoor, India and has the largest city in Mumbai. The state of Kerala is Mahé (India) and its academic staff is 250 and was graduated from 250 as well as Ganges.
The US is a member of the United States where AmeriGas has an energy industry., AristoGas, which was served in the U.S. and its region is operated by the Energy industry.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre and its area code is 505, 575 and it has 486.2 sq km. It has an area of total of 490.9 sqkm., Albaquique (New Mexico), which has the surfaced of 476.2 quadrametres and was totaled of 44.9 sq Km.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Abilenne, Texas. It is part of Texas and has the city of Akrone., The city's Adjane regional Airport was served by Asminene (in Texas) and its city is San Francisco.
Abdul Rahman Ya'tiye was in office while the Vice President was Tublanco Bujang Tudnikov Othman., Aslam Yau Kub was part of the Ufficio during the Vice President, Tuoğlu Bujung Tuwys Oassin.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. The leader of Ahmedabad is T S Thakur and the country is led by the Gujarati Legislative Assembly.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press, United States. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S., The editor of this book is Sohi Press and he has its written character dancer.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923 and died in California. He is a member of the NWC, M.A. 1957.
Apollo 14 is operated by NASA., The NASA operator of Apollo 14 was NASA.
Antwerp International Airport is located in Antwerp, Belgium. The leader of the country isPhilippe of Belgium and its city is Serrived in Belga., The Brussels International airport is operated by Philippe de Belgium whose leader is Philip of Belgi. It is situated in an area of Athens.
Wiley-Blackwell is published by Wiley Blackwell., The Addiction journal, which was written by Wley Whitewell, was editor of the journal Wily-Whitewell.
The United States is the capital of Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. whose capital is Washington DC., Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from the US, where English is available. The country's capital was Washington deC.
Arem-arem is a main course in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. It is also found in the Nation Wide of Indonesia and has its main ingredients: compresso rice cuisined in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings., The Arem are known as Java and it is part of Java.
Anders Osborne is a record label in Shanachie Records., Born as well as the band of Shanai Records.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and is designed by Finland. Finns are one of the ingredients in the city of Finland, which is demonym to Finnes.
San Sebastián de los Reyes is a country in Spain., Saskatchewan de Los Reys originates from Spain.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and it is located in King County (United States).
The apoapsis of (410777) 2009 FD is 259776702.44075 km., (410787) 2009 FC has an apoapsis of 259766702.66036 km.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, where Ist died. He diede in Graz., The County of Tyrol is the city of Tirol and his birthplace was imst.
101 Helena has an mass of 3,0 kilograms., The mass is 3.0 kgm and 101 Helen's body was found in 101 Hesana.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is abbreviated to Acta Paleontol. Pol. It has an SSN number of 1732-2421 and its LCCN number is 60360714., The A Pala Eorontologic polonica, in the U.S.L.A.P. (in the Abbreviation of Actas Palaesotontol.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in that country., Americans comes from the U.S. and one of the people whose home counties are Akron (which originates from The US) state.
Adam Koc, who was a member of the Cross of Valour ( Poland) was born in the Polish-Soviet War. He won Order of Polonia Restituta and died in an Ordinary Reserve.
K-W United FC is the champions of the Premier Development League., The Premier development League is a footballer in K W UnitedAFC.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of Caterpillar Inc., located in the U.S. and has its power type: AIDAluna.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. The leader of Gujarat is Narendra Modi and the country is led by an Gujarati Legislative Assembly., Amidda niGufa has a member of the U.S.N.R.P.I.
Aaron Deer's genre is Psychedelia, a guitar player. He can be found in the guitar music., The musical genre of Aaron deer plays psychidelia.
Andra is a member of the band Puya, whose musical genre is Rhythm and blues., Adirs can be found in CRBL music and plays with Raya.
Alessio Romagnoli, who plays for the U.C Sampdoria club, is a member of the Serie A and he also played for Sinisa Mihajlović and Silvio Berlusconi.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in Frederick County, Maryland, United States. It was established on 11 November 1907 and has an Historic District of the U.S. The National Park Service.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., A.S. Roma is a member of the Serie A which plays for Juventus F.C. in the Stadio Olimpico League., The full name of AC Roma are AS Sport disciplinare Roma and its home ground is Stadio Olympico.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and worked as a Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria), whose office is the President of Nigeria., Abraham Alibakar's birthplace is Niger state, Nigéria.
Abner W. Sibal was a crew member of the United States Army and fought in World War II.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is manager of Christian Panucci, who plays for Genoa C.F.C. and Real Madrid C FC., The club at A. S.Livorno Football is managed by Christian Banucci.
The AIDAluna, which is owned by the AIATA Cruises, was founded in Illinois, United States. The key person of Caterpillar Inc is Douglas R Oberhelman and has its power type., From the U.S. (founded on the US) took part of the EMEA Cruise systems and comes from the University of Illinois.
Administrative Science Quarterly has a coden code for ASCQAG and is abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q..
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia, where Arem-arem is in Indonesia. It is led by Joko Widodo and Jabbo Kalla.
Antwerp International Airport is located in Antwerp, Belgium. The country's leader is Charles Michel and the German language is English., Brussels International airport is operated by Philippe of Belgium, which is part of the country that is led by Carlo Michel.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is published in hardcover., EricFlint can be found in Hardcover.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom, which is led by Elizabeth II., The journal of AIDS (journal) is located in the U.S. The country's leader is ElizabethII.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. It is located in Denmark, where one of the students are 16 p.s., Académical Staff of 737 is 737 and it has 16000 students.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. He has Franklin County (Maryland) and can be found in the Carroll County of Maryland., Adams County is home to the A Contributing Property are contributing property.
Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, Bacon singer, piece 'n baco, bocon cob, becon barm, bcon muffin. It is an ingredient of the main Sandwich which comes from Bread.
Anders Osborne is a guitarist who performs rock music and began as Bhangra (music) with the band Johnny Sansone. He plays Rock music, which was recorded by Wysh Records., The musical genre of Andersosborne's disco label is Bakun Records.
1101 Clematis has a periapsis of 445895000000.0., The perianמיה of 11th Clematos, which comes from the 1st Clamatis and its peripops is 44.5894000000.0.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and Wolters Kluwer. The parent company of Lippinecott, William Cameron, was born in the United Kingdom whose leader is Elizabeth II.
The A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members and has a total number of members.
The American Journal of Mathematics has an academic discipline of math and its isn number 1080-6377., Am J Math.
Alan Martin was born on 1st of January 1989 and plays for Hamilton Academical FC. He has an height of 185,42 centimetres and its club is Crewe Alexandra F.C..
Aaron Turner is a drone musician who plays for Greymachine and the genre of Drone music., The band Twilight, which was associated with Blackmachine, can be found in Drake music.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched at Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, 2014-10-28. It has 3.9 metres of diametre and final airport is the 18th September 2013.
Akeem Ayers is a Linebacker position., The line backer place of the location of TheLinebackers.
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th of July 1989 and debuted with the New England Patriots. He is an former team who plays for the new England patriots, Tennessee Titans.
Adam Koc was born in Poland, where the Polish-Soviet War is an commander of Joseph Stalin., American Adam Koc (born in Polonia) was a member of the Kashubian language.
Anders Osborne is a rock musician whose record label is Alligator Records. He performs Rock music., Born in Oxygen Records, the musical genre of Anders Osbourne is rock and he has been recorded with Alcor Records.
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S. Città di Palermo and Peñarol. He is a member of the United States Citta di Pale, whose club is Central Español.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and his successor was Ben Ramsey., The president of Allan shivers, who was succeeded by Ben Ramssey, worked in the United States senate of District 4, Port Arthur.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabate, Turkmenistan Airlines and has a runway length of 2989.0. It has an elevation of 211 metres above sea level in Metres., Athshagat international Airport was operated by the Turkmén Airlines as well as Turkey Airlines.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois., The location of the CaterpillarInc is peoria ( Illinois).
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Matsredia., The club of Aleksandre guruli's club is FC Mittarediana.
Ayam penyet is from Singapore and has a Baduy ethnic group in Java., The country of Java's region is Singapore, where Ayamblancot can be found.
The AIDAstella was christened on 16 March 2013 and he is christening on the 16th of March 2013.
Aaron S Daggett was a commander in the American Civil War. Robert E Lee, whose Battle of Cold Harbor is part of the militaire conflicts., Robert E.
 1097 Vicia has a periapsis of 279142000000.0 and its epoch date is December 31st 2006. It has an orbital period of 135589000.0, mass of 89.8 kilograms., Located in 2006-12-31, 109 km/h, 103 milligrammis, was founded by the Apollo 12th November 2006. He had an attempt to be made of 109.8 kgs.
The first aired of Bananaman was broadcast by the TVV and starred Bill Oddie., Bananaman, whose first piloted on 3rd October 1983, stars Bill Odie, is a radiodiffused by STV.
Anderson is part of Union Township, Madison County in Indiana, United States., The US is the U.S.
Trane was founded on the 1st of March 1913 and was established in La Crosse, Wisconsin., Born on December 1, 1913 is the fondation of Trane (founded by The Lacrosse) in Wisconsin.
Anders Osborne performs Rhythm and blues music. The record label is Rabadash Records.
William Anders is the backup pilot of Apollo 11 and William Anders.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for the Olympique Lyonnais, which is located in Parc Olympiques Lyonnas and was a member of Jean-Michel Aulas. He also played for FC Karpaty Lviv club., The Olympiaque Lionnais's home ground is part of Central Orlénien and he has been formerly associated with the football club Club Carpty Laviv.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka. It has 476 lits and its bed count is 476 litres.
Abilene is part of Texas., The Abilenne is located in Texas.
Arem-arem is a main ingredient in the Javanese cuisine and it has an variation of Lemper. It is also compresso rice cuisined in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings., The Aremam, which originates from javanese food, is one of the main ingredients for the fusion of raisins; it can be varied at Laemper.
Joe Biden is the leader of the United States., The U.S., whose leader is Joe Baiden.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and is a member of NASA. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and died away from Apollo 14., The Apollo 14 operates the NASA, whose mission is Apollo 14, which has an status of deced.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was designed by Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Güner. Its native name is the Türk Spartaki Aniti., Kalu, Azerbaijan, has the Native name of Turk davadleri Anati.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23rd March 1927 and died in St Louis. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, whose Alma mater is Université de Texas (Austin).
James Pain was owned by J. P. McManus, whose architect is James Pain and has a completion date of 1862., The architect of Adare Manor's owner is J.
300 North LaSalle is located in Illinois, Illinois. It has 60 floors., The location of 300 North LASalle are owned by Illinois.
Aaron Turner is a member of the House of Low Culture musician whose musical genre is black metal. Death metal is an instrument for the band Twilight, which has its musical fusion genre in Death Metal., Alan Turner was associated with the house of High Culture and performs Black metal as well as guitar.
ALV X-1 originates from the United States where White Americans are one of the ethnic groups., Avx-1 is originated in the U.S., which was demonym to American.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the capital city is Baku. The leader of the country is Prime Minister and Artur Rasizade.
The leader of Aarhus is Jacob Bundsgaard., Aarhus was a leader in the country's leaders.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the capital is Rome. The leader of Italy was Sergio Mattarella. Italian language is Italian., The A. S. Gbbione 1910 has a ground from Italy and it is found in Rome.
 Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and has its nickname for Cornelle Big Red., Cornell University was published in Ithaca, New York as a publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. Barack Obama is the leader of the U.S. The country's leader is Baack Obama., BarackObama is led by the US and has one of its ethnies groups.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, ISBN number 978-1-4107-4253-7. It is published in print., The book number of 1634 are the largest media type of print.
The orbital period of (19255) 1994 VK8 has a periapsis of 6155910000.0 and an epoch date of 31 December 2006. It has the escape velocity of 0.0 925 km per sec., (19255) 1995 VT8, which is operated on August 31st 2006, was 873 800090000.0 and it has its orbitals period 878850000.0.
The Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by the Australian Martin Virage and has a related means of transport., Selon Martin RHAM/1, whose successor is Alman Martin VIrage.
Am J. Math, American Journal of Mathematics was abbreviated to Am J Math. It has an academic discipline of math and its first publication in 1878., Am JMath.
A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. Germans are the leaders of Germany and led by Stanislaw Tillich. He is a member of the A Rosa Luna whose constructed character is German.
Aaron Turner is associated with the band Twilight and Lotus Eaters. He performs post metal and he plays Post metal in 1995., Alan Turner, whose musical genre is post-metal, has been actively started on 1995.
The A.F.C. Fylde is located in the Wysade, which has 3180] members., One of the members are 3180) and 31,80 members.
The epoch date of 1089 Tama is 2005-11-26 and has an escape velocity of 0.0068 km per seconds. It was formerly known as A919 HA; 1927WB, and its orbital period is 12021.69 days. Its apoapsis is 393713000.0 km/h., 1989 Tama's fought in the Epoch on 26th November 2005 and it had an abbreviation of 0,0068kilometres per sec. The
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Sarawak, Japan occupation of British Borneo. He was succeeded by Adenan Satem and was a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati sarawak party., The birthplace of Abdul Taim Mahmad was as part of Bampeonato Japanese Occupation of Iorneo.
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine and its alternative name is the Dod Coronet. It has 3 speed automatic transmission., Aircraft in 1955, which has 4 speedautomatic transmissions and it has 3-speed automatique transmission.
The funk is a fusion genre of Afrobeat., Abrabeat musician Funk, who plays for the musical Fusion genre.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) was inaugurated on 27th December 1932 and is located in Turkey, where Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader. The capital of which is Ankara.
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire and died in Bananaman., Bananaman starred by Bill Odie, whose birth place is Lancastershire.
Trane is located in Swords, Dublin, Ireland., TRANE is found in Ireland.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the Battle of France. He began his debut on April 03th, 1974 with an active date on March 30th 1979. It is a member of the United States whose birthplace was Airey Nave.
A Long Long Way has a ISBN number of 57393084 and is  978-0-70-03380-4.
Aenir, published by Garth Nix, has the ISBN number 45644811 and is 512 44811 in print., The author of The book Aener's ISBN Number 45644711 is Gart Ni X. It was written by garth nix. Its media type is print.
Akeem Dent was born on 27th September 1987 and died in 1987., The birth date of which is 1987, whose birth name is the Deten.
The epoch date of 1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907XC, was on 27th June 2015. Its periapsis is 41911339460312 km/m., Born in 2015-06-27, 1000 Gausia's edépoque is 23 August 2015. It has an erodication of 4 19113394 55312kilometres.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is led by Baack Obama., The leader of the U.S. are Baback Obama and 250 Donnell Avenue.
The Star Spangled Banner is a country in the United States where White Americans are an ethnic group. The ALV X-1 originates from the capital of Washington, D.C. and the anthem is The Star-spangled banner., Alvx-1 originated from US, whose capital is Washington DC.
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Shuvalian., The ground of AZAL Arena is the Azal Arena.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, London, where the leader is the Labour Party (UK) and died in Sidcup., The leader of Manchester are the European Parliament and led by the Lavoro Party.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Esteghlal Ahvaz FC in the Iraq national football team. Adnan Hamad is the manager of this club., Ahmed Kadham Assaad is a member of the U.K. A.S., who was managed byAdnan Hammad and has been also involved in The United National Football team.
Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels., The Audi A1. It has a full assembling of Audi Belgium.
Abilene is part of Texas, in the United States where Washington DC is the capital. The country's capital is Washington D.C. and English is its language., English is also a language from Texas which is found in Texas.
GMA New Media is the parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal., The parent Company of GMA Nu Media, Philippines Entertainment portal has the home company in the food company.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay, where Tabaré Vázquez is the leader., The leader of Uruguay is Tabare Vásquez and its leader's president is Tabare Váxquez.
Ayam penyet is from Java, Malaysia where the main ingredients are squeezed or punched fried chicken served with sambal., The main ingredient of Ayamblancot comes from Indonesia and its country is Java.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akit, Japan. It is situated in the Ikita Territory and it is part of Japan.
Rolando Maran was born in Italy and plays for the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D., which is managed by A.C. Chievo Verona whose manager is Roland O Maran., The club of A C chievo San Diego is Carrarese Calcio.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds are added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 27th 1987 and is located in Pacific Grove, California. It has a reference number 87000920., And its home ground was ajouted to The National register of Monuments (1987-06-27) and it has an escape date of 1987-06-27.
The leader of the County Manager is Swords, Dublin., Swords and Dublin is led by the municipal manager.
Abilene is part of Texas, where Austin is the capital city. The location of Houston is one of the languages Spanish.
Mexicans are anonym in Mexico., The demonym of Mexico is Mexican.
Arròs negre is a Cuttlefish ingredient in the region of the Valencian Community, Spain., Aroos wys are an ingredient for the Andaluc Community and can be found in Spain.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, Spain. Its operate organisation is ENAIRE and the location of Adolfo Suarez Valencia-Baras Airport (which is operated by ACAE).
Aaron Turner is a member of the Avant-garde metal genre., Abraham Turner's genre is Avant Garde Metal.
The United States Air Force operate the Al Asad Airbase, which was operated by the U.S. Air force, is a fighter for the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and has an explosion in 1986 bombarding of Libya., Alad Al Adad airbase's operating organisation is the USAir Force that uses Lockheed AC-130 and one of the rockets fought at the Armistic Force.
FC Tom Tomsk plays for the Russian Football National League., The Russian football national League is a member of FC TomTomsk.
Bandeja paisa is located in the Antioquia Department in Colombia, Colombia., The Bandeja paisa (which is found in Argentina) are one of the places where the country's region is Colombia.
Abel Caballero was born in Spain and worked as a Minister of Transport. His office is Aire of transport., The manager of the transport ministers, Abel Caallero (born in Andalusia) was Governed by the Minister for Transport.
Aenir was preceded by Castle (novel) before the higher Veil., The novel of Castle is known as فوق the Veil.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish-Soviet War. He was part of the Russian Civil War, whose commander is Joseph Stalin.
The order of Lemon is Rosids., A Lemon, which has the order Rosides.
DeSoto Custom, which was manufactured in 1955 Dodge, has a related means of transport at Chrysler Newport and its successor is De Soto Firedome.
John Cowper Powys was notable to work for Wolf Solent., The workers in the United States, who are notables to be found in Win Colent.
The ground of A.F.C. Fylde is theרף.
Deram Records is located in London., The Deram Record is the location of London.
The LCCN number of 57059226., Administrative Science Quarterly is known as 56059226 and has the U.S.L.N.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and AS Lyon-Duchère., AS Lyon Duchères, Aleksandre guruli is a member of the club AS Liond Chère.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica was founded by Julius Springer and is published by the ActA מתמטיקה Magyarica., Julius Spelling, whose founder was Julus Ragazzi, was an publisher ofActa Mathématiquehungarica in the Associazione Science+Business Media.
Audi A1 is a Sedan body style of Fiat, which has 1.2 litres and was assembled in Audi Brussels. It has an automatic transmission of 5 speed manual.
The runway length of Athens International Airport is 3800.0., Athens International airport, which has a longueur of 3900.0 in Athens, is operated by the city of Atene. It has an height of 38.000.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party., Born in Chennai, Indonesia, Abdul Tab Mahmoud was an affiliated with the parti pesaka buimiputera bersatu.
103 Hera has an epoch date of 27th November 2011 and its periapsis is 371240000.0 km., The perian of 103 Heras, which was written in 2011-08-29, can be found in 2011. It has a percelpage of 371260000.0kilometres.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kota SamSpartak, the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. His birthplace was Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, sarawak.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located in Auckland.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, in Indiana, United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. The President is the leader of the U.S. and its country is led by the President.
Andrew White is a member of the Kaiser Chiefs musician, whose record label is Polydor Records. He plays in 2003 and was associated with the artist Marry Banilow.
Asa Gigante is the nickname of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, who play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and Vila Nova Ftiye Clube., The largest champions of the club C Campemaião Brésil has been found in Brazil and also competed with the FC Campeonião SERIES C.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton and has been manager of the A.F. C. Blackpool, which was managed by Logan Parker., John Parker's club is Drogheda United FC.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Innse County, Michigan. It has a runway length of 1533.0 and an elevation of 210 metres above sea level., The city of Austria are served by the members of the region of Andaluia County regional Airport which belongs to Maples Ridge township (Lakes City) and is operated by Lakes State.
Albennie Jones is a solo singer whose musical genre is Rhythm and blues. It has its stylistic origins in blues and derivatives of disco., The rock musician Albenny Jones's background is solaire and Blues, which originates from blues.
Andrews County Airport is located in Andrews, Texas., The city of Andrew's Town Airport (Serve) was Serrived by the Federal Airport.
The American submarine NR-1 has a top speed of 8.334 longs and is operated on the 25th of January 1969, 1969-01-25. It has an beam of 3.8 m long and it was launched at the 24th December 1969., A US submarin NR-1, which has 8 334 tonnes and fought on 1st July 1969 in 1969.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. It has a runway length of 4000.0., The Antwerp International airport is operated by the location of Icolo-E Bengco and it has 40000.0 metres long.
Akeem Ayers was a debut team in the Tennessee Titans, St Louis Rams. He is formerly played for the St.Louis Rams and plays at the city of Saint Louis.
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis., Austin is situated in Lafattie Townships, New York County in Indiana, U.S.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas in Spain and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party who worked as Minister of Transport.
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S. Città di Palermo and Peñarol., The club of Abel hernández is in the United States Citta di Pale, USA.
Alan Bean, whose crew member is NASA, was a backup pilot of Apollo 12 and commanded by David Scott. He worked in Space 100305.0 minutes and operated by NASA.
Andra's musical genre is pop music and started in 2000.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group., The country's ethnical group is AfricanAmericans.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd runway surface type of Poaceae and is located above sea level. It has an elevation of 34.0, which is in the length of 14115.
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20th of January 1930, in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He worked as a fighter pilot and his Alma mater was Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
The periapsis of 88234300.0 and (410777) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch. It has an orbital period of 39447000.0, in orbita period 39.47.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol (state) in Austria., Austin is a member of the state of Tirol, Austria.
Albany, Georgia is the leader of the Mayor., The President of Albany in Georgia's leader is Maire.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan, where Arturrasizade was led by., The leader in Azerbaïdjan's leader is Arthur Raswys.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County in Indiana, United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and Covington is located in the city sea that Attica is home to the state's capital.
RCA Records is a distributeur company of Legacy Recordings., The RCA record has their distribution company in legacy records.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California, on August 1, 1974. He attended the Apollo 14 whose operator is NASA and its birth date was November 18th 1923., Athen he began his retirement on Aug 01, 1974.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmor Row., The 103 Colonmorerow's location is and it is part of the building.
Bioso is an ingredient of Vermicelli., Baksco is a food found in gemelli.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States. Auburn was a total area of 7741 square kilometres and has 77.41 sq km/s., United States are one of the U.S. which is located in Duburn, whose state is operated by Peirce County.
N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai on the 1st of March 2001., The founder of 107 Camilla, N.R. poggson, was discovered on 01-03-01.
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 and periapsis of 296521000.0 km., The ediminution of 11264 Colonomacchine is 296426000.0kilometres in 2005. It was completed on 26th December 2005.
Alex Tyus was born on 8th of January 1988 and plays for Pallacanestro Cantù., Aleksandr Tyu, who died on the 1st of March 1988, is a member of Pallaconestro cantù.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister, Konstantinos Mitsotakis., Antonis Samares was part of the Vice Minister whose prime minister is AntoniS Samara.
The variation of the dessert is Ice cream., Ice cream is a variation of Desserts.
Andrews County Airport has a runway name 11/29., 11/29 is the location of Andrews Town Airport, which can be found in it.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and is a member of Whig Party (United States) whose leader is Daniel Webster., The Alvah Ab Sabin's birthplace is Georgia-Vermont.
Albany is part of Oregon, where the largest city is Portland, Oregon., Albeny is in Oregon and has an higher city in Portland.
The full name of the Akron Summit Assault is The Metro Soccer Club summit Aggression, whose manager is Denzil Antonio, was 3000 member and has 3000 members in the saison 2011 PDL season.
Ajoblanco is a country in Spain, where the leader is Felipe VI of Spain. Its language is English and its euro is one of the currency. Ajoblanco originates from Spain.
The first aired of Bananaman is 1983-03-03., Bananaman was a first Aired on the 3rd October 1983.
107 Camilla was discovered by F Vilas., F. Vila's discoverer 107 Camille is the discoveror of 107 Camila.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is the related means of transport., Lancia Spartak was associated with the Alfa Rome 164.
Antarmore Airport (New Zealand) has 3rd runway surface type of Poaceae and the division of Flowering Plants., Poaceae is part of the ordinal Poales, whose order is poales.
Austin, Texas is part of Texas in the United States., The country of Austin is located in Texas, U.S.
Aaron Turner was originated in Boston.
The Antares rocket was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and is comparable to Delta II., Antares (rocket) has an built in the mid-atlantic regional spaceport Lanspad Pad 1 and its launch site is made at The Mid Atlantic Regional Spaport Rally pad 0.
British people are known as the United Kingdom., United Kingdom has an demonym of British People.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. He is located in service and has 21.2 metres above seaboard., Azerbaidjan's ground is 21,2 long and operated in Finland.
Agusín Barboza died in Asunción, Paraguay, is part of Gran Asuncion. Juan Afara is the leader of which Juan Asfara was led by the country., And Agustin Barboz's whose birth place can be found in Andalucion, one of its leaders are Juan Abfara.
Bill Everett won Eisner Award.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of Cape Town and its leader is Cyril Ramaphosa. Asian South Africans are one of the ethnic groups., The city of Southafrica is the location of 11Diagonal street (which is situated in south Africa) whose capital is Capetown.
The Battle of Fredericksburg is part of the American Civil War., Battle of Franklinsburg was in the U.S. conflicts.
107 Camilla has an orbital period of 2368.05 days and a periapsis of 479343000.0 km and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 km. It was discovered by F Vilas, on December 31st 2006 and its epoch date is 26 December 2006., The NASA member of 107 CamillA's orbitals period is 2368.0 jours and it has in the Apollo period de 2368.50 days.
Atiko Abubakar was succeeded by AtikoAbubakar, who was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. He was predecessor to Oladipo Diya and he died as his successor., The president of the U.O.L.A.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Jones County, Texas, United States. Abilenes is part of the city of Austin and it has a runway length of 2194.0., The US state of Alane (United States) is operated by The Adjane regional Airport which can be found in Jone County.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor Revival architecture and was completed in 1927. It was inaugurated in 1931 at Sri Lanka.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk and played for Russian Football National League., The club of Aleksandr Prublanco is the Russian football national League.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow and is the manager of FC Terek Grozny, whose club is FC Amkar Perm. He was managed by Rashid Rakhimov and has been also involved in FC Akarperm.
The epoch of (66063) 1998 RO1 is 2013-11-04., (66053) 1998 Ro1 has an edpoch date of November 4th, 2013.
The AIDAstella was constructed by Meyer Werft., Mايلder Verft is a building of the Agathastella.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and served in space 52.0 minutes. He is a member of Apollo 11 mission.
Bhajji is located in Karnataka, India. Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India and Vajubhai Vala are leaders., Bajji comes from the country of Ahmedabad that is one of the leaders in India, which is led by Suamitra Maharajan.
William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 in British Hong Kong and retired on September 1, 1969. He is a fighter pilot who worked as AFIT, M.S. 1962.
The 1st runway type of Alderney Airport is Poaceae and it has a length of 877.0., One of the surfaces of an arrondissement's ground is poaceae.
Hypermarcas, which is found in São Paulo, has a net income of 108600000 and its subsidiary was Mantecorp. Hypermarca's revenue is 1800000000 and it has 10252 employs.
 1097 Vicia has a temperature of 171.0 Kelvins and an apoapsis of 410792000.0 km. It has an escape velocity of 0.0112 km per sec., Located in 101.0kelvins, 109 Viia's temperature is 17,01 km/ps. it was written by ulaitillies.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, and Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Lira Yin, Alex Badoi. He plays for House music and performs in house music., Abraham Williams was a member of the guitar player whose musical genre is House Music and
The A.C. Lumezzane is a season of 2014-15 Lega Pro and it plays in the Serie 2014.
Bhajji is a country in India, where the leader is T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are an Indian people., Bajji comes from the Karnataka region of India as one of the denominations of indian people.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where Daniel Martínez is the politician. The leader of Uruguay is Tabaré Vázquez and his demonyms are both the Uruguayans., The country's leaders are one of the types ofUruguayans whose denomination are an Uruguayan and Daniel Martinez (politician).
A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. He is led by Andreas Voßkuhle and the architect of Neptun Wirft (which is designed by A Rosa Luna)., The leader of the country is Andreas VßKuhle whose constructed Apollo Verft has its headquarters and operated by AS Ros Luna.
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238] members., The A. S.Livorno FC has 191(38) members.
The Acura TLX is a class of luxe vehicle and is assembled at Marysville Auto Plant. The Honda K engine is the leader of the ATLT, which comes from the front-engine design., Acura CLX has an built in Front-beam style and can be manufactured by Honda KW.
Frank G Jackson is the leader of Cleveland, in the United States., 200 Public Square is located in Ohio, U.S. and he is led by FrankG Jackson.
Anaheim, California is the leader of the United States House of Representatives in the U.S Congress. Anaheim ( California) is led by the US House for  represents whose home is located in USA., Aמתמin's house has a member of New York Congress and its location is part of American Congress.
Abel Caballero was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain is the monarch., The Monarch Abel Cab Alves was part of the U.S. A.K.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Akron, Denmark. The leader of which is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and its academic staff is 737 and it was established in 1928. It has a member of the European University Association., Lorlach Laøkke Rasussen is led by Lars Ligues as well as an affiliated with the UK Association for the U.S.E.A.C. are
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka., The country of the Ampara hospital can be found in Singapore.
The Agra Airport is located in Agra., Agra Airport has a location of Agra.
GMA New Media is located in Quezon City, Philippines. The mass media industry is Mass Media and its production is mass.
 Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States., The U.S. is a country in the US.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The leader is Mayor and Albany is led by the U.S., The country's home to an American whose name is American.
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for Motherwell F.C., with the ground of Fir Park and its manager was Barry Ferguson. Alan Martin's club is Clyde FC., Athen Martin (soccerer) has been born in Firpark and he belongs to the club Aden Martin.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and is a test pilot. The Apollo 14 operated by NASA, whose mission is Apollo 14.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer whose genre is Zamba., The record label of RCA Records, which has been signed to the musician and originated from Zambe Records.
The film of Baymax, created by Duncan Rouleau, is Americans and starred with Jamie Chung., James Chung died in the series of Big Hero 6 (film) who was creatored by A member of American.
Richard A Teague was employed by the General Motors and is a designer of AMC Matador., The company for the general Motors, Richard A teague's manufactured with the multicultural Mechanism.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Abeba Stadium, Ethiopia. AddiS Aبابا City hall is part of Addiס Abou Stadium and it is led by Mulatu Teshome., Abeba city Hall has the leader of thiopie, whose leader is Malotuteshome and its home ground is Albus-Ababa Stadium.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the musical artist Jwaydan Moyine and performs House music. He plays house music and Christian Burns are an singer whose musical genre is home music.
GMA New Media is a mass media industry in the Mass Media.
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd March 1982., Ase breeder was the birth date of June 23th 1982.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was battled invasion of Grenada. The U.S. air force fought in the Korean War and belongs to the O.K.A..
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The leader of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh and live Nation Entertainment., The 3Arena has a property of Live nation Entertainment and was owned by Live National Entertainment.
Buzz Aldrin was retired and served as a fighter pilot., Born in the Army Pilot, Buzz Aldran is an crew member of the United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States. The country's leader is Barack Obama and English is an ethnic group of Native Americans who are one of the languages that originates from the U.S.
 Dale Tallon is the general manager of Florida Panthers., The General Manager in Florida, which was led by Dale tallon.
A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. He is led by Joachim Gauck and its capital is Berlin. It is the capital of Germany, where A Rosa Luna is located., The leader of Ro Stock (Allemagne), whose capital has Berlin's capital.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has an elevation of 23.0 km above sea level and it is part of Atlantic County, N.S., The Atlantic City international Airport (which is situated under the Sea level) is 23,0 km long and its elevated runway is 23.3 km.
Albany is part of Georgia in the U.S. state, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups., The country's home to Albany, Georgia is situated in Georgia (United States). The United States has its demonym as American and an ethnical group of AfricanAmericans.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 27th March 1927 and died in St Louis., The birth date of Elliot see, whose birthplace is St. Louis, was attended on 23rd May 1927.
1101 Clematis has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and periapsis is 445895000000.0., 11 December, 2006, which was written in the Epoch on 1st December 2006. It has a perced of 45940000000.0.
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and plays in the Premier Development League, champions of K-W United FC. It is a member of 3000 Members., Akron's U.S.F. was led by the Prime Development Football League whose Champions are K W United CF and its record is 3000 people.
Batchoy is from the Philippines where the Ilocano people are one of the ethnic groups. The English language is Arabic and the country is also called Igorot people.
In India is the leader of India, T S Thakur and Narendra Modi., Bajji is a member of the leaders in India whose leader is M. S Thkur.
English is the language of Republic of Ireland., The English language is written by the Republic in Ireland.
ACF Fiorentina is a member of the Serie A, in Italy. It plays for Italian football team., Calcio ACF Incendio is from Italy.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the headquarters of Four World Trade Center., Port authority of new York, NewJersey is in the Quattro World trade Center.
Allen Forrest was born on 4th of July 1981, 1981 with its stylistic origins in disco and Funk. Drum and bass is derived from hip hop music., The musical genre of the Hip Hop music is Disco and funk.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and Goslarer SC 08]. He is a member of the club VfL Wolfsburg, whose youth club is Goslerer Sc 8.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacabin, which was completed in 1931. It was inaugurated in 1927 at the St. Benedict's Monastery, Adsham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka., Adir et JacFabian are one of the architects that comes from the Adirham Hall whose construction was on 1927.
Abradab is associated with Magik (rapper) and the musical artist Abradab's band., Alidab, rapper, was a member of the band/abbreviated musician MagiK.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The language of Texas is English and it is from the U.S., American Texan is one of the languages which is used to translate it.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Ascharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road and Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It has 700 postgraduate students and the campus campus is SanvatoKarnataka, as an India University campus.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, was owned by Costa Crociere and operated by Danish Cruises. The largest operator of Denmark has 253260.0 millimetres long and its length is 25360.0millimetres., ANADAstella's height is 25825 km/h, with a cost of crociere location and it is affiliated with the ANADA Cruise.
Hypermarcas is a key person in the CEO, whose company is S.A. (corporation)., The CEO of Hypermarca's type is A.S.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the World War II. He began his death on June 30th 1953 with an active date on March 30, 1979.
Antarmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 2nd runway surface type of Poaceae and the order is Poales., Poales is an order of poales.
Gos Poyet plays for AEK Athens F.C. and the club is Ajax Athens FC.
Tarō Asō is the leader of Japan., The leader in Japan is Tarō asō.
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Billy Iuso and Theresa Andersson.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia., Indonesian's leader is Jوسف Kalla.
Airey Neave was actively served in the World War II war. He has an active year on June 30th 1953 and is a member of the United States.
The jazz originated from blues is Blues., A Jazz, which has its stylistic origins in blues.
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in New Britain, Connecticut and is an ethnic group of Native Americans in the United States. His spouse was Ruth Ribiceoff., The birthplace of Abraham A. Ribicocoff (born In New Bretagna), has a nationality of the U.S. whose origins are native americans.
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 Kelvins., The temperature is of 110.0kelvins, which has an elevated temperature.
Arlington, Texas has an elevation of 184.0 metres above sea level.
Albennie Jones's genre is Jazz and originated from blues., The jazz genre of Albenny Jones has its stylistic origins in Blues.
Sweet potato is an ingredient in Binignit, which has the main ingredients of Sago., Bananas succeeded by sago.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., The Alcatraz Versu the Opossum Libraryans are part of the U.S. The country's language is English.
The population density of Ann Arbor, Michigan is 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre and it has a total area of 73.04 sq km., Ane's population Density (1580.7 people per round Mikule) is located in an area state of 7,4.3 sqkm.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is a season in 2014., The saison of 2014 is 2014 and the A.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas where the largest city is Houston. The countySeat is Georgetown, in Texas., The Spanish language is Austin, whose higher city was Houston.
Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands national under-17 football team and is a club of PSV Eindhoven.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina., The nationality of Albertodnikov are Argentinas.
The Aston Martin V8 was assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom and has 5.3 litres as a related means of transport., One of the following types of cars can be manufactured by The ASN Martin DBS are an associated with its transportation.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F.C. and Al-Naft., Al Naft is the club which has also the football of Ahmad Kadham Assaad.
The Agra Airport is located in Awadh, Uttar Pradesh, the leader of which is Ram Naik. It is part of Bundelkhand and its native name is Kheria Air Force Station.
Baked Alaska is a dessert and it has an variation of cookie., The bavarisation of cookies is Cookie.
The United States Air Force played for the Operation Enduring Freedom and is operated by Al Asad Airbase, which has an invasion of Grenada., Alad airbase (operated by the U.S.
Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikkou, Morocco., Ait ikkou (Maroc), was the birthplace of Adam Mahers.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India and its leader is Narendra Modi., Amidda ni Gufa is found in Amidd, In India.
Bhajji is similar to Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour. It has an ingredient in gram floure., Bajji, a similar Dish of Pakistanora et autres vegetables manufactured from Wheat Or Corn Flour, belongs to the commonDish.
Alan Shepard died in California., The Dead place of Alan Shepart is California.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has a rotation period of 9953.28 and an epoch date of 14July 2004., The erodication of the érosion period is 9963.28. It was completed on 14th March 2004 and it has its edépoque of 993.28.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in 1923 in Washington DC, United States. He is a non performing personnel and has the genre of Rhythm and blues music., Ahmedt Ertagun's origins from Washington D.C.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by American Locomotive Company and is 17068.8 millimetres long. It has a V12 engine and it was builded on May 1950-August 1956., Alco RS-3, which was constructed at the American Lokomotive company, was manufactured from June 1950 - August 1956.
The BBC starred in Bananaman, which was broadcasted by the BBC and stars Graeme Garden.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He is a test pilot who worked for the Test pilot., Athen he passed away from California, with an status of deced.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and the leader of the United Kingdom, which is led by Elizabeth II. The capital city of London is London., Lindsay II is the leaders in the U.S. whose capital was London.
The academic discipline of Acta Mathematica Hungarica is the Mathematics., Acta Mathacahungarica, which was written as a student discipline in the mathématique discipline.
Vila Nova Fampeonato Clube is the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, Brazil. It plays for the Colombian club Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense and Vila Nova FC., The country of Brazil has an league of AC Campemiadores Saopisadores who are in the city of Brésil.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association., School of business and social Sciences in the Algarve University, which has a headquarters of Brussels.
Binignit is located in the Visayas region., The city of Binignit, which is part of Vieilleses, is one of the types of infections.
103 Hera has an escape beam of 0.0482 km per seconds and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 km. It is a temperature of 170.0 Kelvins and its apoabsis is 437160000.0kilometres., The Escape Velocity of 103Hera's temperature is 1.7250 km/s, which was located in 170,0kelvins.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Sergey Naryshkin is the leader., The leader of Russia is Sergery Narmishkin and his death place was made in Russie.
Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party (Netherlands) whose leader is Mark Rutte and was led by Emile Roemer. Agnes Kant worked as an Parliamentary group leader in the Netherlands, where he is one of its leaders.
Joden, Godendnikov is a member of the AFC Ajax (amateurs) who are called Joden and dieenkrones., Jen,GodenXN is an nickname of Jiden and Dieneرسون.
Aleksandr Barkov Jr was born in Finland., The birthplace of Alekser Barkow Jr is the birth place of Finland.
101 Udnikov Way is located in Alan B Miller Hall, which was building on 30 March 2007., The building of Alan b. Miller hall was founded on 31 March 2007 and its address is 101 Uolfsburg Way.
Bionico is a variation of Honey and belongs to the dessert., The bionico's course is dessert.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and served as member of the House of Representatives. He was retired to the Christian Democratic Appeal party, whose alma mater is Leiden University.
Allan Shivers was a crew member of the United States Army., The army in the U.S. Arm. is served as an Military Branch.
Albany is part of Georgia in the U.S. state, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country's language is English.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in this country., The US is also one of the languages at Auburn (which originates from Laie County) and has its home counties.
Spanish is the language of Mexico., The Spanish language is made in Mexico.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendritio, Switzerland. Its dean is Mario Botta and has an academic staff of 100.
Alberto Teisaire, a national of Argentina, died in Buenos Aires, is the governing body of the city Legislature and is led by Horacio Rodríguez Larreta. The country's language is Spanish.
Albennie Jones was born in 1914 and plays for Rhythm and blues music. He is a solo singer, whose background is soliste., The country's musical genre is Rrhythm and Blues.
The American Institute of Physics editor is A.T Charlie Johnson who was located in the U.S., United States., AIP Advances has been published by US and one of the editors are A T Charlie Jones.
Bhajji is a main ingredients of gram flour, vegetables and belongs to the alternative name Bajji, bajji., Bajji comes from India and has an ingredient in Gram Flour and verdure.
Chinabank has a net income of 15100000000., The net income of Chinabank is 1510000000000.
The Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works is 12 km above sea level. The Antwerp International Airport, which has an elevation of 12.6 sqm on the runway, operated by the Flemish Division of Mobilisations and Travaux.
1. FC Magdeburg plays in 2014 and is a season of 2014.
Adam Koc was born in the World War I and won Virtuti Militari.
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and has 3 000 members., Akron's summit Alssault was a member of 3000 people.
Abner W. Sibal was a crew member of the United States Army and fought in the American Revolutionary War.
Aaron Bertram is a member of the band Brian Robertson (trombonist), whose genre is Ska punk and has its stylistic origins in Punk rock., The Suburban Legends was associated with Kids Imagine Nation and he performs as well as the musical artist.
Aenir is written by Garth Nix and has an ISBN number of 1-439-17684-0., The author of Aenire, whose book number is 0-3917680-4.
Ashgabat International Airport has a runway length of 3800.0 and an elevation of 211 metres above sea level in Metres, which is located in Ashgabate., Athshagat international Airport is operated by 349000 km/h long and it's elevated at the ltitude of 388000.
Gas Poyet is a manager of the Superleague Greece who plays for Olympiacos F.C., which is part of Real Zaragoza and has its club in Chelsea FC.
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The Akron (Ohio) is periphery to the US.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and served as a member of NASA. The Apollo 12 operated by NASA and David Scott is the commander of Alan Bean who was retired.
Tom Lyle was created by Blockbuster, whose comic character is Roger Stern., The comic book character (blocbuster) was the creator of Tom Lyl.
1/19 is the runway name of the Alpena County Regional Airport., The ground name for the Almna County regional airport is 1/19.
Ahmet Ertegun was originated in Washington D.C., United States and is a blues genre of Blues., Ahmedt Ertagun originates from Washington DC.
10 Hygiea has a temperature of 164.0kelvins and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 km/s. It has an epoch date of 27th June 2015 and is located at 837080.744 square kilometres. The escape velocity was 0.21 (kilometres per sec)., The surface area of 10 Hygiesa, which has the temperatura of 16.4 Kelvins, is 32394158233968 sq.m.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is from the United States where Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company and is 17068.8 millimetres long. It has 12 cylindres, a V12 engine and it was builded on May 1950-August 1956., Alco RS-3, which was constructed in May 1955- August 1956, was manufactured by The American Lokomotive company.
James Craig Watson was discovered by 103 Hera in Canada., The founder of 103Hera is James Craig, which originates from Canada.
Alkmaar Zaanwys is a full name of AZ Alkmaar and has 17023 members., The full title of the AZ Alkamaar, whose total name is Alkbaan Zaanslecht, plays in 2014. The 2014 season is 2014 and one of its members are 17023.
1099 Figneria has a mass of 2.7 kg., The mass in 1099 fignerie is 2.7 kilograms and its mass is 2,7 kg.
The United States Air Force operate the Al Asad Airbase, which was operated by the U.S. air force, is a transport military fighter with McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle and fought in Korean War.
The ALV X-1 is manufactured by the Assembly of the Atlantic Techsystems., Alliant Tech Systems is an assembled from the Alliancetech systems.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and Elizabeth II. The leader of the United Kingdom is David Cameron, whose leader is Jacob II.
Bailen is located in the Republic of Ireland., Dill is from the country of Repubblica de Ireland.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S., The country's language is English and it is also known as AfricanAmericans.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was affiliated with the International Tennis Federation and is located in Mumbai, Belgaum. It has been given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Tecnico Education. The sport club at the Visvesvaraya Technological University (which was offered to tennis) as well as the international tennis Federation.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, is operated by יאה Cruises and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres. Its location is in service.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Plastic Mak and Head South By Weaving., The band of Alisono' Donnell, whose musical artist is Plastik Mak, was affiliated with plastic Mak.
The leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza., 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, part of DuPage County, Illinois, United States and is led by the U.S.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan. Its designer is Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Güner., Kalu Turk Turrym Medal has its Dedicated To the Ottoman Arm Commander played for the Barack Turkey martyrs.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds are added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 27th, 1987 and has an architectural style of arts and Crafts. It is located in Pacific Grove, California at the year of destruction of 1913., Aساسor Conference ground was ajouted to The National register of Monuments (1987-06-27) and its architecture style is Arts & Crafts.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova., Aندرو Rayell was birthplace inChișinîu (Moldova).,
Alan Shepard died on 21th of July 1998 and was born in California, where Dianne Feinstein is the senators., The Senators of California whose senates are Diane feinstein.
The first aired of Bananaman, which was broadcasted by the STV, was on 3rd October 1983 and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor., Corner Steve Bright is a member of the band BanSpartak who plays in the First Aired on 23th March 1983.
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R. Pogson., N.R.Pogסון has an inventer of 107 Camille.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and operated by Dr G. P Prabdnikovar.
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and is published by the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23rd March 1927 and died in St Louis. He graduated from the University of Texas System and is affiliated with the U.S. S.A., whose birth date was 27th June 1927, was a test pilot.
Swords, Dublin is part of Dublin (constituency of the European Parliament)., The Swords and Dublin's constituency is in Dublin.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer whose genre is Zamba (artform) and has the record label of RCA Records, where Hector Numa Moraes plays musician., Allora, he was also associated with the musical artist Ciro Pérez and his background is soliste.
Albany is part of Benton County, Oregon in the United States where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans. The country's capital is Washington D.C. and English is also located., The city of Albany is Bennett County in Oregon, U.S.
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R Pogson and has an epoch date of December 31st 2006., The founder of 107 CamillA is N.
Bionico is a dessert of the country in Mexico, where the ingredient is Sour cream., The ingredient of Bionico comes from Mexico and it is sour cream.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain. It has a runway length of 3500.0 and its elevation is 610.0 above sea level., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baras Airport (which is situated in the community of Madrid) is 6,10 at the United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and operated by contributing property., Austin County (United States) is from the Cumberland County of New York, U.S.
Albany is part of Oregon, where the capital is Salem, Oregon. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The city of Albany (which is situated in Oregon). The capital of that country is stated from the United States and one of the ethnies groups are AfricanAmericans.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the Italy national under 17 football team, U.C. Sampdoria and is a member of the A C Milan whose manager is Silvio Mihajlović., Alic Milan's current club is operated by Sinjalimi Mhribović and he was served as well as the Italian National under-17 Football team.
Arròs negre is from Spain, where the country is led by Felipe VI of Spain. The euro is one of the ethnic groups in Spain whose leader is felipe V.
John van den Brom plays for AZ Alkmaar., The club of AZ Alkamaar is located in the club.
Akeem Adams is a member of the United Petrotrin F.C. who plays for Ferencvarosi TC and its manager is Thomas Doll. He also led by Gábor Kubatov and died in Palo Seco., The club of Ferencvárosi T.S., which is managed by Thomas doll, was located at Palo seco and are affiliated with the U.P.F. C. The manager of this club has Thomas
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The capital city is Washington D.C. and English is the language in the U.S..
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States and a spouse of Ruth Ribiceoff.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and was succeeded by Price Daniel. He worked as an affiliated with the Democratic Party in the United States.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, on 18th of November 1923. He retired on August 1, 1974 and his alma mater is NWC, M.A. 1957.
1101 Clematis has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an apoapsis of 520906000.0 km. It has a epoch date of 31 December 2006., One of the asteroids, which is located on 1st December 2006, was completed in June 31st 2006 and it has at hypertension of 32049000.0 (kilometres).
The US is the United States where AmeriGas has an operating income of 380000000 and its operate income., One of the largest industries for the energy industry, comes from the U.S.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. The country's ethnic group is one of the Native Americans who are from the U.S. and it has a county seat at Opelika (Alaska)., The state of Auburn originates from La Haye County as well as its habitants.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago., The leader for Chicago is Rahg Emmanuel and has 300 North LASalle at Chicago (United States).
The NASA commander of Apollo 12 is David Scott. He was a member of the NASA, whose nationality is in the United States., Alan Bean's mission is Apollo 12, which is operated by NASA and its commandants areDavid Scott.
Akeem Adams plays for the United Petrotrin F.C. Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team, whose ground is Palo Seco., The club of the U.S.O.F. FC has its ground in Palo seco and are also involved in the National Under-20 Football team.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and was designed by the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds, which is located in Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. Julia Morgan has a significant building in Aساسmar State Beach., Rosalia Morgan's birthplace isSan Francisco whose architect is Susanna Morgan.
The American Journal of Mathematics has an academic discipline of math and its phon number is 1080-6377., Am J. Math. (abbreviated to Am J Math) is the abbreviation of A.J, Math. It has a exponent of 720-6377.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen. Agnes Kant, who worked as the House of Representatives (Netherlands)., Agnes Kant's Alma mater is an Universitast derived from Its headquarters and died at its home office.
The Audi A1 is a supermini body style of Sedan, which has 1.2 litres and was assembled in Brussels, Belgium. Its layout is Front-engine and front- wheel-drive with the head drive., One of the types of AudiA1 are Supermini.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the U.S. state., Athens are affiliated with the United States.
Befa kway teow is from Singapore, which is in the Nation Wide in Singapore and Indonesia. The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob.
Aleksandrey Chirikov is built by Helsinki, Finland and Sauli Niinilä. He was led by the leader of Finland, whose leader is Augusta Sipilä.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma and the musical artist, Jonathan Mendelsohn., The musician Andrew רייel's band was along with Marc sixma.
Jerry Ordway was born in Bibbo Bibbowski, a nationality of Americans and is created by JerryOrdway., Jenordway's nationalité is American.
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. was a member of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 and he died in Apollo 11., Eccin E Aldin Jr.
The Castle novel is followed by Aenir., Ainir was a member of the book Castle (novel) whose follows.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and has 512 pages. It has an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0 and the book Ebook, which is located in A book.
The batchoy is from the Philippines., Batchoi is in the country of Philippines.
John Roberts is the leader of the United States, where Bacon Explosion is a bacon explosion.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was constructed in Finland, where Sauli Niinistö is the leader., Aleksandre Yiinilä is a member of the ground leaders of Finland.
Audi is a subsidiary of Ducati., The Audi A1 was manufactured by Audi, which is from the constructeur of Audi.
Georgia (U.S. state) is located in the United States., The country of Georgia is from the US.
A Glastonbury Romance is published by Hardcover and has an ISBN number of 76798317 and the ISBN Number of 00-7156-3648-0., The book number in this book is 73798317. It has a media type of hardcover, which was written by 71563-63648;.
Alvah Sabin was born in Sycamore, Illinois and died in Siccamore ( Illinois) where the largest city is Burlington, Vermont. The leader of the Whig Party (United States), whose leader is Daniel Webster., Allora Sabin's birth place is Sycatamore In Illinois.
The Alderney Airport is located in Alderny., Anderney has its city of the governed state.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and fought in Battle of Fredericksburg. He won the Purple Heart, whose birth place is maine.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Denmark., Aarhus College is located in Dannemark.
Antioch, California has an elevation of 13.0 metres above sea level., The elevations of Antioch in California are 13 meters and is the elevated area of 13.0.
Alvah Sabin was born in Sycamore, Illinois and died in Si camore. He is the leader of the Whig Party (United States) whose largest city is Burlington, Vermont.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas in the United States. The largest city is Houston and Austin is the capital of Texas., Austin is one of the U.S. whose capital is Austin.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and succeeded by Isaac Rojas. He was a member of the Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy whose birth date is 1891-05-21. His successor was Iacob Rojasa., The Vice President for the argentine Senate worked by Albertodnikovaire (born on May 05, 1891) and he was retired to theArgentine Navy.
Alba Iulia is located in Romania, Romania.
Atlantic County, New Jersey is located in the United States., Atlanta County (New Jersey) is part of the U.S.
Ayam penyet is a main ingredients of the Ayam penyeta from Java and its main ingredients are squeezed or punched fried chicken served with sambal.
Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens and is a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District. He was succeeded by Donald J Irwin and his successor was Abner W Sbal who was retired to Ridgeווד (Queen).
Andrew White is a member of the Kaiser Chiefs musician, whose record label is Polydor Records. He performs actively in 2003 and was associated with the artist Marry Banilow.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is located in Great Britain, the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. English is also written in French language., The country's language originates from the US which is used to be translated by AfricanAmericans.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is followed by Alcatraz Versu the Scrivener's Bones., The Alcatros Versum the Evangile Bookans are an written book in the same way.
A-Rosa Luna was christened on April 4th 2005 and has a length of 125800.0 millimetres., The Christian date of A Rosa Luna, whose christening date is 2004-04-05, was the 25th of March 2005. It's longueur of 121300millimetres.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928, Denmark. It is affiliated with European University Association and has 737 students whose academic staff is 737., Académical Staff of 737 school is operated by the School de business and social Sciences At the Amstardam University (formerly known as the European Union Association) and its graduate staff are 737 students.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County in Indiana, United States. The population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre is 78.4 sq km., The total area of Attica is 4.14 sq Km and it is operated by the U.S.
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. He performs rock music and plays Rock music., All-stars are an singer in the musical genre of Anders Osborn, a member of the artist TabBenoit who can be used to live from the Wetlands All-Stars.
Gangsta rap is a sub genre of hip hop music., Hip Hop music originates from Gangsta Rap.
Bandeja paisa is a Kidney bean ingredient in Bandeja paisa, which is from the Antioquia Department. The Colombian cuisine is one of the ingredients to the bandija paisa.
Massimo Drago is a member of the A.C. Cesena, who plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio and was managed by the manager of AS C Cesenea.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Nikos Voutsis is the leader of Greek. The language is grec., The A. E dimitra Edifiestoupolis (which is operated by Alexis Tsipras) is part of the country whose leader is Athens.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. His army was the Nigerian Army., Administrated by M. Akibak, who was vice President and worked as well as Mr.
A Glastonbury Romance has an ISBN number of 00-7156-3648-0 and is published in Hardcover., The ISBN Number of A Glastonebury, which has the ISBN code number 03-7156-648-0.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Karnataka, which has the west of Arabian Sea. It is also located in the state of Bangalore., Sri Lanka's water is one of the largest ethnic groups from the country.
Abel Caballero was born in Spain and is a member of the Congress of Deputies. He worked as an Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The Native Americans are an ethnic group in that country., The U.S. Amarillo originates from Potter counties and has a population of native americans.
Hypermarcas is a company of S.A. (corporation) that was founded on 1st December 2001 in Brazil and its key person is the CEO., The Hypermarca's produced drugs, which comes from the Brésil industry, is one of the industries known as pharmaceutiques. The CEO who was born on 01/01/19 2001.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds was architected by Julia Morgan and the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner, whose significant building is The Riverside Art Museum., Julia Morgan was born in California and was designed by the architecte of Aساسmar conference grounds. He also belongs to the New York herald examiner and has been founded at the American Hearst Castle.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the World War II., Born in Kingbridge, is a member of the United States.
The Kashubian language is written in Poland., Paesi Bassis is the same language of Poland.
Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which was founded in Coventry. The successor of the Rover company is Rover Company.
Edmund J. Davis died in Austin, Texas., The Death place of Edmond J Davis was Austin ( TX).
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. He has Franklin County and Carroll County (Maryland) and Cumberland County is the municipality of Gettysburg., Ast west of Adams state, Washington, United States are an ethnic city of New York, which is situated in cumberland counties and can be found in Austin County.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Awadh and has an iceo location identifier of VIAG., Agra Airport is located in ארצ's seat is one of the icao locations Identifier ofVIAG.
The main ingredients of Batagor is the fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce. It comes from Indonesia, Indonesia. Siomay is an ingredient in batagor, which has a pudding variation of Sioumay., Batagor can be found in Indonesia and it also originates from Peanut's salsa.
The largest city in Fulton County, Georgia is Atlanta., Atlanta is the higher city of Fultone County.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, which is led by Aigbeben Patel., AKarnataka is the leader of Amdnikov niGufa.
The Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy and its main ingredients are theTomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil. It is also a popular ingredient in the region of Rome., Arybrata can be found in Rome and it is an ingredient of Chili Pepper. The sarbico comes from Roma.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995 and was birthed in 1995., The birth date of 1994 is the 9th of September 1995 with an member of the United States who began his birthplace in Turkménistan.
A.C. Chievo Verona has the ground of Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi and plays in Serie A., The home ground is Stadio Antoni Benegodi, whose team is a member of the division FC.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup and led by Boris Johnson., The leader of London is Boris John, who was a member of the leaders.
Arrrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy. It is an ingredient of chili peper and it is in the region of Rome.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna, Nigeria. He worked as a Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria)., Born in Minana, Nigéria is the President of defence staff and his office is Governed from the Nigeria.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent, Kent and worked as member of Parliament for Gravesham. He attended the birthplace of Kent on 5th May 2005 and operated by Grenadier Guards. His alma mater is Magdalene College, Cambridge., Amy graduated from Magdane College (Cambridge) and his Alma mater was Madeleine College.
AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors which has the fate of Eagle (automobile) and its destino is Eagle., American Motors, a crew member of the US cars, has an commander in Eagle.
Agusín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay, whose leader is Juan Afara. His language is Spanish.
Alex Day's genre is Synthpop and its stylistic origins are new wave music., Synthpop, which originates from New Wave music, is the genre of Alex Day.
Acura TLX has a 9 speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6) transmission.
Agnes Kant is a House of Representatives in the Netherlands., Agnes Kant, who was officeed at the House's Représentants (Netherlands) is worked by Agnes Kant.
1099 Figneria has an apoapsis of 603618000.0 km and an escape beam of 0.0155 km per seconds. It has the temperature of 156.0kelvins and it has its apoabsis as 343018005.0 km., The  escaped velocity of is 0.0 155 km/m per sec, which has a temperatura of 15,6.0 Kelvins (as approximately 1.5 km) and his apoapasis is 308418000,0
The United States Air Force operate the Al Asad Airbase, which was operated by the U.S. air force, is invasion of Grenada and has a Lockheed AC-130 at the Korean War., Lockheed C-130 Hercules is an operating organisation for the USAir Force who fought in the war in Uruguay.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader. Agnes Kant worked in House of Representatives (Pays-Bas)., The country's leader is made from the United States and he was led by Mark Runte.
Aaron Bertram was active in 1998 and he started his debut on 1998.
The 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is the season of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He won the Purple Heart, which is a member of the Battle of Wilderness.
Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band and performs The Wildweeds. He was actively born in 1966 and plays for the musical artist Al Anderson (NRBQ)., Albenn's band NBQ has been associated with the U.S.N.R.A., who began his debut on 1966.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California in the United States. The Greater Los Angeles area is located in Orange City, USA., Among the U.S. are one of the places known as Anaheim, can be found inOrange County (United States).
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is a season of 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece., The A. E Di Mitr EfSpartake Nupolis plays in the year 14th AEPSTH and it has its season on 15th September 2014.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, on 18th of November 1923 and died in California. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and his Alma mater was NWC, M.A. 1957.
The Honda J engine is manufactured by the Acura TLX, which is made by Honda., One of the types of Bucati is constructed by The HondaJ Engine.
The Violet Keystone is preceded by Aenir, Australians. The novel in Battle (novel) was followed by The Violet keystone and the Castle has its predecessor to Castle.
The comic character Bolt was created by Ernie Colón and the alternative name is Larry Bolatinsky., Dan Mishkin, who was born in Bolt (comics Caracter) was founded by Eryn Colon and died in the comic book Carlton.
Andernie Colon is a national of Puerto Ricans and Dan Mishkin was the creator of Bolt., The comic character Bolt, which has the alternative name to Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Ernie Colon, whose nationality originates from Port Raicans.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain. Its runway name is 14L/32R and its length is 4349.0. It has an elevation of 610.0 m above sea level and the location of Adolfo Suarez Valencia-Baras Airport (which was operated by ENAIRE).
Richard A Teague was employed by Chrysler and is a designer of AMC Matador., The architect of the artist, Richard A teague, was designed by Robert A Tague.
The Ariane 5 has a maiden airport on 11 August 2005., Ariane 5's MaidenFlights are 2005/08/2011.
GMA New Media is a products from World Wide Web., The company of the GMA Nu Media, which was manufactured by WorldWide Web, is one of its ingredients.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States where one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to the ACM Trans. Inf Syst. and has an academic discipline of Computer Science and its SSN number is 1047-4075., The IEEE transactions on information systems are abverbiated at the Associazione Trans.
Aaron S. Daggett was a member of the Battle of Fredericksburg and died in Purple Heart., Abrahams Deggent, who fought in War of Fergusonsburg, is an awards for Pure Heart.
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for the Clyde FC and Barrow A.F.C. are manager of Barry Ferguson and began his club in Broadwood Stadium., The coach Alan Martin's club is clyde f.c., which has been managed by partly with barrow AC. It was also located at Broadburn Stadium.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18th of 1923 and died in California. He woned the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) as a member of the Department of Commerce Gold Méd, whose birth date is November 18, 1923., An graduated from California with an American National Navy that has an higher doctorat.
Rhythm and blues musician Andra is a solo singer who plays in the disco genre. Disco is derivative of Rhythm & Blues., Andra's background is soliste and can be found in disco.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C., Native Americans are an ethnic group of the U.S. and has its capital at Washington DC.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and has an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0., EricFlint is the author of 1634, The Rumblelion whose media type is Hardcover.
Aaron Hunt plays for VfL Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen. He is a youth club in the Goslarer SC 08, whose club is SV Verder Brem., Abraham Hunt's club has Vfl Wblanco and FvL wolfsburg.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in U.S. Route 83 United States. The National Register of Historic Places has a reference number 88006639., Athsher, Mary Elizabeth-Richardson house is the location of US Route 83.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and succeeded Price Daniel. He was a Governor of Texas who worked as the governor for the United States., The successor to Allan shivers is PriceDaniel and he was part of the Democratic Party (United States).
The architect of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is 3XN and has 23 floors. The tenant of the building is Marriott International and was located in Bella Center., 3XON, with 23 Floors on the location of an AC hotel Bella sky Copenhagen whose owner is Bella Centre.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba, 1989 and plays for Anyang Halla club., The birthplace of Alex Plantes is located in Manitoba and has been born on 1989.
300 North LaSalle has a floor count of 60 floors., One of the surfaces of 300 North LASalle is 60].
Abel Hernández plays for the Hull City A.F.C. manager Steve Bruce and is a club in Peñarol., The club of Abel Hendez's club is Central Español, which is managed by Steve (Bruce).
Agusín Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay and is led by Juan Afara. He is an ethnic group of Mestizo whose language is Spanish.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez is a manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for the C D.S. FAS club., The manager at A,D Idir Metapán (manager of Jorge Hmberto Rodriguez) has played for FC SC Club.
B postcode area is Birmingham., The postal code of Birmingham is B postcodes and has the postal codes in Birmingham.
Bakewell tart is a dessert from the region of Derbyshire Dales. Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell pudding, which can be varied by Baket tart., Bakewell Pudding comes from that region and it is also one of the variations of bakette tart.
The Atlas II originates from the United States., Atlas II is located in the U.S., USA.
John van den Brom plays for Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap. He is a manager of AZ Alkmaar, whose manager is John van Den Brom., Jen van de Brom's club was DeGraafijn and the manager are Giovanni vanden Brom.
Abner W. Sibal was a commander in the United States Army, whose army was commanded by Chiang Kai-shek.
Antioch, California has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres and an area code 925 is 925. The population total of Antioch in California are 102372 and one of its surfaces are 75,324 sq km., Aintillied at the U.K. A.C. are 99372 per habitants.
Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team., The Uruguay Olympique Football team is a club of Abel hernández.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. He has the west of Franklin County (Frederick County), Maryland., Ast West of Adams state, Washington, United States, was founded in New York, and its northeast is Frank County-Maryland.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States. The country's language is English.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd runway surface type of Poaceae and it has an elevation of 34.0 above sea level. It is known as 07/25.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Indiana and has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres above sea level and its population density is 523.9 inhabitants per sq km., The area code of 765 is 765 and it has an elevation of 268.0 metres above sase level.
Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where Austin is Texas. The country's home of African Americans comes from the U.S., Austin, Texas is part of the US and one of its demonyms people are americans.
Greek is the language of Greece.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is from Argentina where the capital is Buenos Aires. The leader of Argentina is Mauricio Macri., Argentine, which is led by MaurizioMacri, is the country's capital.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Taylor County, Texas, United States., The city of the U.S. are served by Abilenne regional Airport and is situated in Austin County (Royaume-Uni).
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown., Abraham Mc Quaid, whose birthplace is Charlotteville.
Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot. He worked as the Apollo 11.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County in Indiana, United States. The total area of 16.55 sq km is 16,55 square kilometres., One of the U.S. are located in Angola, which is situated in State Unit.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Chicago, United States and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups whose nationality is American., The birth place of Abraham A's Ricocoff, who was spouse of Casey Ribiceoff comes from Chicago.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas which has the largest city in Round Rock and Georgetown. The countySeat is Gueorgetown, Austin, whose language is Spanish., The location of Austin is round rock and its ethnic capital is Greater City.
The La Crosse, Wisconsin has a total area of 58.38].
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where the  hymn is O Canada. The leader of Canada is Elizabeth II and he is led by ElizabethII., Austin II was lead by the country whose anthem is U Canada.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and died in West Germany. He was doctoral student of the University of Göttingen, who was discovered 1036 Ganymed.
VIAG is the ice location identifier of Agra Airport, located in India, India. The IATA Location Identifier is VIAG.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian cuisine ingredient in red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa,shigao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), acao and citron., The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa originates from Paisa region and comes from Colombiana cuisine.
The Bacon Explosion is a main ingredients of sausage and are in the United States., Sausage is an ingredient of bacon explosion, which is from the U.S.
A.F.C. Fylde is a full name of Association Football Club Wysde and has 3180 members., The A FC Fæde, which was born in Warton, Galicia, plays for the home ground warton.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer who performs Zamba's genre., The background of the musician, Alfredou Zitarroa, has its background as soliste.
Albany, Oregon has 45.97 square kilometres and is a total area of 45.97 sq km.
Agnes Kant was residence in the Netherlands., Agnes Kant is located in The Netherlands.
Elliot See was born on 23rd March 1927 and died in Dallas. He was a defunted member of the United States whose status is Decrived., The birth date of Elliot see was 1927-07-22 and he was retired by Dallas.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is the politician. Elizabeth II is led by the country whose leader is Philip Allen., The birthplace of Jéhovah Am Keem Preeterley (born in Jamaia) is a member of the politicoian and Charles Allen's leaders are ElizabethII.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London., The birthplace of Airey Nave is the Knightbridge London.
The 1955 Dodge, manufactured by Chrysler, has a V8 engine and is transmission of 3-speed automatic. It has 120.0 inches in the course with an rotorbase of 12.0.0 (inch).
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24th of March 1989 and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar. He is a member of the FC Dynamo Moscow club., The birth date of April 24, 1989, Aleksandr Prublanco's club is FC Kapitan Kiev.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made from Red granite and white marble, which was dedicated to the Ottoman Army troops served in the Battle of Baku. Its designer is Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Güner., Azerbaijan is led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan who died for the Ottoman Arm army military deployed the Holocaust martyrs.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Nikos Voutsis is the leader of which is Prokopis Pavlopoulos., The A. E Di Mitr EftiyenouPOLIS is situated in Ghréig, part of the region of Grec, whose leader is Nikois Vou Tsis and Pro Korosis Pavlovopoulos.
The 3Arena, which was completed in December 2008, is located in Dublin. It has the architect of Populous company and its completion date was December 2008.
Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Addiction, which has the academic discipline of AD drug and its SSN number is 0965-2140.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, part of Luanda Province and has a runway length of 4000.0., The Angola international Airport (which is situated in Icolo-E Bengco) is 159 metres above sea level in Metres.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is located in Rome, Italy and has 70634.
A.S. Roma is a home ground in Rome, Italy and plays for Serie A., AS Roma's ground is Rome (Italie).
Andrew White is a musician who performs Alternative rock and plays for Marry Banilow., The musical genre of Andrew White was alternative rock.
Attica is part of Indiana, Indianapolis. The capital of the city of Attica and it is in Indiana.
3Arena is located in East Link Bridge and plays for Live Nation Entertainment., The 3Arena, which was owned by Live nation Entertainment, can be found at the East link Bridge.
The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob. Beef kway teow comes from Singapore, where the dollar is Singapore and the country's currency is Malaysia.
Abilene, Texas has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres and is located at 14.2 sq km above sea level. It has an elevation of 524.0 inhabitants per square0000.
Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgio, Philippe., The leader in Belgium's leader is Philip de Belgium.
FC Terek Grozny is located in Grozze., AFC Terez Groserves's ground is for its ground and it has the ground of Guszny.
Bakewell pudding was created by the Rutland Arms, Bakewell in 1820. It is main ingredients of ground almond, jam, butter and  egg., Bakewell Pudding (creatored from the Utland Arm, Bakwell en 1820). The main ingredient of food is Ground Almond Jam, suc and butter.
1036 Ganymed has an apoapsis of 611950000.0 km and a متوسط speed of 16.86 km per second., One of the following amounts is 611906000.0kilometres and its average speed is 16,86 kilograms per sec.
Antioch is the leader of California's 11th State Assembly District., The 11rd State assemblage district of Antioch, California is led by the United States leaders.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba., The birthplace of Alex Plantes is located in the Manitoba.
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata. The city of Athens is Serrived by Athens, which is situated in Spata.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and is a member of Apollo 8. He died in 1933 17th, 1933. He worked as the Apollo 8 mission.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died on 21th of December 1998, with the American Defense Service Medal.svg.
The ISBN number of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 1-439-92550-9., Alcatraz Versu the Giochis are published in hardcover and has a book number 03-59-92540-9.
Alfred N. Phillips was a crew member of the United States Army and fought in American Civil War.
Audi was founded by August Horch and is a subsidiary of Ducati. Audi has the Audi A1, manufactured by Audi, whose division is Audi e-tron., The Audi's subsidiaries in Audi (which originates from AugustHorch) and its filiales are an Audi AS1. The Audi producing Audi comes from Aughorch.
Bill Oddie starred Bananaman.
 Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow., The manager for FC torporchi Mosca's FC, who was managed by Valerry Petrkov.
The Bacon Explosion is a main ingredients of bacon, which is from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the U.S., Sausages are an ingredient of sausage and belongs to the Sausage.
White South Africans are an ethnic group in South Africa, where 11 Diagonal Street is located. The capital of the country is Cape Town., The city of Southafrica is the location of 11 Didiagonal Street (which is situated in south Africa) and is also found in Capetown.
Hypermarcas is a food found in Brazil, where São Paulo is led by the President of the Supreme Federal Court. The leader of Brazil is Vice President and drugs.
Anaheim, California is the leader of the United States House of Representatives in the U.S Congress and is led by Anaheim ( California) whose language is English.
The BBC is a key person of Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead. Bananaman was broadcasted by the BBC in London., Bananaman can be radiod by The BBC city of London.
Antarmore Airport (New Zealand) is a 2nd runway surface type of Poaceae and has the class Monocotyledon. It has an order of Commelinids and its divisions are floing plant., Aldare Airport, New Zealand's 2rd course was manufactured by poaceae whose class is monocotiledon.
The species of Celery is Apium and it has an ingredient in Bakso, a family of Apiaceae., Acery's types of celery can be found in the Alfam and succeeded as its enzyme.
The Atlas II originates from the United States, where the leader is President of the U.S. and has an ethnic group of Native Americans in the US., Atlas II originated from USA, as a country that is led by the President.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and Al Zawra'a SC., Alai Abdul Zahra is a member of the Alzawaria Sc club and are also affiliated with the ALZawara A SC.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy., The A. S.Gubbione 1910 was grounded on Italy.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Awadh., The Agra Airport is located in Oadh and has an area of Bundelkhand.
Duncan Rouleau was created by the Big Hero 6 film and starred Damon Wayans Jr., whose nationality is Americans., The comic book of Baymax comes from The big Hero 6.
Aleksandr Chumakov, whose leader is Valentina Matvyenko, plays for FC Torpedo Moscow and the manager of the Soviet Union national football team. He was led by Valery Petrakov and died in Russia., Administrateur Aleksandr Chumaikov's club is FC To torporchi which has its headquarters on the U.S.U.R.P.K.
Al Anderson is a country musician who performs rock music. Rock music originated from Country music and has its stylistic origins., Rock music, Al Anderson (NRBQ band) can be found in the country musical genre.
The Bandeja paisa is a food found in Paisa region, Colombian cuisine and it has an ingredient of Lemon. Its order is Rosids and its origins are the Rutaceae family., Bandeja paisa comes from Paesa Region and one of its ingredients include Lemon.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the Suburban Legends artist and plays for Kids Imagine Nation., The musical artist of which, whose musician is Kids Inimagin Nation, performs as a subsidiary largest band and has been part of the suburban inondations.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where English is the language., The country's language is English.
The Flemish region is led by the Fleming Government., Flesmish Region is a leader of the flammish government.
Angola International Airport is located in Luanda and has 159 elevations above sea level in Metres., The location of the Angola international airport, which is situated in Laanda, belongs to 159 elevates as a metropolitan area.
A Loyal Character Dancer has an ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3., The book number is 1-53084301-3.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18th of March 1923 and died in California. He woned the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) as a member of the Department of commerce gold awards for the US Navy, whose birth date was November 18, 1923.
The Superleague Greece is the location of AEK Athens F.C. whose ground is Athens and has 69618 members., Alex Athens FC was born in Athens, which plays for the Super League Grèce.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad., Alata Abdul Zahra, whose birthplace is Bagdad.
The National Register of Historic Places is 87000920 and the Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Asilo Mar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California., Asillomar Boulevard, Pacifique Grove ( California), has an identifier number of 887000813 and its national Register Of Monuments reference number 1087000023.
Aenir, published by Garth Nix, is a ISBN number of 1-439-17684-0., The author of the book Rath nix and its media type is print.
Arròs negre is an ingredient in Squid., The ingredient of Arròs néger is saquid.
 1097 Vicia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and its orbital period is 135589000.0, mass of 9.8 km per second. Its apoapsis was 410792000.0 km/s., Located on December 31, 2006, the escape velocity is 0.0112kilometres per sec.
 Jens Härtel plays for SV Germania Schoniche club., Jensilä is a member of SV Germany olfsburg club.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York. The runway length is 1219.0 and it was served by Saranac Lake (New York).
Aaron Deer is a solo singer whose genre is Psychedelia. He was originated in Indiana, Indiana and has the background of Aaron deer., Abraydee's musical genre comes from Indianapolis.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages and has a ISBN number of 1-439-92550-9., Alcatraz Versu the Opossum Libraryans, which has 39-92540-9 is written by 43-29-92520-9.
A Wizard of Mars is English., The English language is the language.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi., Maruusi is the location of the lympic Stadium, which is situated in Marusi.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan and is led by Artur Rasizade. The leader of which is Prime Minister of Azerbaïdjan.
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Ontario and is a solo singer. He has worked as musician whose background is soliste.
The ISBN number of A Fortress of Grey Ice is 0-7653-0633-6., A Forrest of Black Ice was written by J. V Jones and has the ISBN Number of 03-51-07-6.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and has 12 cylindres. It has a length of 17068.8 millimetres., Alcole RS-3, which has an exhausted crop of 12 litres, is 178.8 mm long and had the operating volume of 12.
Bill Marriott is the key person of which Bill Merchant's Key person is Bill., Marriott International, who was founded in the United States, plays for Bill Marcher and Bill Marry.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is a sport club for the International Tennis Federation. It has been offered to tennis and plays in the Football Federation.
Apollo 8 is operated by NASA., The NASA operator of Apollo 8 was NASA.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and graduated from Erasmus University Rotterdam. He is a member of Christian Democratic Appeal party., Ab K Link was birthplace in The Netherlands, whose alma mater is an ERASMUS Universitaire Rotterdam.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Chicago, United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare. He worked as the U.S. S.E.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl is a full name of Associaziones sportives gubbione 1910. It was located in Italy and has 3800 members.
The Ariane 5 was launched by the Arian 5 which has its headquarters in Kourou, French Guiana., Ariane 5's launch site is ELA-3.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and has an season of 2014-15 Top CLASS., The team of AFC, whose member is 5000 people, plays at the top class in 2014.15 Top classifica.
Alex Tyus plays for the Turkish Basketball Super League and is coached by Zaw Sherf., The club of Maccabi Ashdod B.C., whose coach is Ví Sherfl, is a member of the United States where Alex Tyu's league was located in the Turk Basketball super League.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The leader of the U.S. is John Roberts and he is led by the President., The country's leader is john Roberts whose language is English.
Auburn is part of Washington, United States. The capital of the state is Olympia, Washington. It is located in the U.S., The capital city of Auburn (United States) was Olympia and its capital is Olympique.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Regina, Saskatchewan and plays for Wichita Thunder. He has an height of 13.04 m., Abraham is the birthplace of Agnes, St.S.C.
Akeem Ayers was formerly involved in St Louis Rams and drafted 2 round., The draft of the draft is 39 and it has a draft order of 39.
The capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is Sri Lankan rupee. The country's leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the location of Adisham Hall is in Haputale., Adirham Hall, which is located in Havutale, is part of the leader of Pakistan, whose capital is Raja Raden Wickresmerenghe.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington, United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. which is led by Washington DC., Washington (state) is operated by Auburn, whose capital is New York in the US.
Aaron Deer is associated with the Horns of Happiness., The Horn's deer, whose musical artist is The Corns Of  felicity.
Antwerp International Airport is located in the city of Antwerp, which is operated by the Flemish Region. The Flemish Department of Mobilité and Public Works has a member of the Flmish region., Amsterdam International airport (capital of Belgium) is an operating organisation for the flammish minister of Lamish de mobility and public Works.
Antarmore Airport (New Zealand) is a 2nd runway surface type of Poaceae. It has the class Monocotyledon and its order is Commelinids.
The Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an ISBN number of 41071100., Alcatraz Versu the Illucinatorians's book number is 40751100.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hilario Pérez and performs his musical artist.
A Severed Wasp is published in print and has the ISBN number 8805300., The book of CongressClassification was PS23.9.E55 S4 1982 and its media type is print.
 Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities, Ithaca, New York. Cornelle was published in the United States of The School of Health Sciences Quarterly, which has its nickname Corneln Big Red.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. is the full name of Associazione C.Chievo Verona, in Italy and has 39371 members., The home ground for A.C. chievo (Verona) is located in Rome, Italy with 39371 members.
The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis., Greek is the leader in Grec, which is led by Nicos Poutsis.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid– Barajas airport is the location of San Sebastian de Los Reys.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with European University Association. It has 737 academic staff., Académical Staff of 737 people are graduated from the school of business and social Sciences, which was founded in 1930 in Denmark.
The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan. Beef kway teow is in Singapore, Indonesia., One of the leaders at Singapore are to be found in Singapour and one of them are the BEFA Kway Teow.
The New Mexico House of Representatives is led by Don Tripp and the leader of Albuquerque, in the United States.
Abilene, Texas has a total area of 286.5 square kilometres and an elevation of 524.0 km above sea level. The population density of 429.9 (inhabitants per sq km) is 28,5 sq Km., The Abilenne, in Texas's elevated at the length of 52,4 km/hectare is 564.0.
Ahmet Ertegun died in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The musical genre is Rhythm and blues, originated from blues and derivatives of disco.
The AMC Matador, a Mid-size car, was assembled at Thames, New Zealand and has the alternative name of American Motors Matadores. The body style is station wagon and its class is with the V8 engine.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Tamil is Ranil Wickremesinghe and its currency is Sri kenyan rupee.
The AIDAluna has an active year in date of 22nd March 2009., ANADAluna was actively served on 22th March 2009 and he attends the same period of September 22, 2009.
The A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States., A U.S., The editor of this book is Sohi Press.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the A.S. Roma league in Serie A and is involved in the youth club of A S Roma., The A AS Roma's soccer club is AlessioRomagnoli, whose team is SerieA.
GMA New Media is located in the GMA Network Center, Philippines. Felipe Gozon is the key person of their home company and was founded in Mobile Applications., The leader of GGMA new Media (which produces mobile applications) is felipe GOzon.
Arem-arem is from Indonesia, where the Javanese cuisine is led by Joko Widodo and its leader is Jooco Widnikov. The language is Indonesian rupiah., The country of Indonesia is one of the languages in Indonesia (which is also used to translate it). It can be found in indonesia with an currency.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom., The location of 20 Fen Church Street, London is an U.K.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where John Roberts is the leader and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups., John Roberts was led by the U.S. The country's bacon explosion comes from the US.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23rd March 1927 and died in St Louis. He was a student of the University of Texas at Austin, which has an affiliated with the U.S. system and his Alma mater is Universit's.
Frank de Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax., The manager for which Frank de Boe is Frank De Boer.
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the U.C Sampdoria club and plays for AC Milan, whose manager is Sinisa Mihajlović., The manager of A C Milan's club was Sinovica Miroslavović.
John Buscema won Eagle Award (comics) and is a member of the comic book.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and is the Minister for Health. He worked as Aire of Health.
Twilight band is a black metal genre., Black metal musician, Twilight has the genre of Black metal.
The leader of Derbyshire Dales is Patrick McLoughlin., Président of the country's leaders are Patrick McCaughlin.
Siomay has a variation of Shumai., Shmai is an variation of Sioumay.
The current tenants of Addis Ababa City Hall are Governed by AddiS Abeba and its height is 42 m.
Binignit is from the Visayas region of Philippines where sweet potato is an ingredient. The main ingredients of Binignit are coconut milk and can be found in the Philippines.
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is affiliated with Vica and has 17000 members and plays for the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. Vila Nova Ftiye Clube. The manager of the club are VicA and have 16000 members., One of its champions are the AC Campemiadores, who are in Brazil and also played for campeonato Brésil.
The Alhambra was launched on 1855-05-31. Its beam is 8.3 m and has an runway at the Alcabra, 1853-05-31.
The amount of (66391) 1999 KW4 has an متوسط speed of 37.16 km per seconds and its apoapsis is 162164091.6036 km., (66391), 1999 Kw4, a density of 2.0 gram per CubicCentimetres) is 16,164091.38 km/s.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Houston.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army troops served in the Battle of Baku, which is designed by Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Güner. The capital of the country is Bako, whose capital is Baku. It has its Dedicated for the Ottoman Arm army military deployed at the Batang.
Massimo Drago plays for Delfino Pescara 1936., The club of the club which made from Elfino Speziara, 1936 is Mistico Drago.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in New York City, United States where American is the US Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It has a runway name 4/22 and the location of the Atlantic City international airport (which is operated by the U.S.)., Atlantique city International members are an IATA known as4/22.
Al Kharaitiyat SC is a member of the Qatar Stars League and plays for Al Khor. Alaa Abdul-Zahra, whose manager is Amar Osim, has been managed by Amarosim., Alai Abdul Zahra's club is in Al Khur and was also played for The Shabab Al-Ordon Club.
A Severed Wasp has a ISBN number of 8804107 and has 374-26131-8. It has 38 pages and was published in Hardcover., The book number is 8804075 and it has 388 pages.
Atlanta has a total area of 347.1 square kilometres and their population density is 1299.0 inhabitants per sq km., The current area code of Atlanta is 404, 678, 470 and it has an area number of 34,7 (thectares). It has 1309.0 people per square Mikule.
The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle Peppers and can be found in the Catalonia region., Aroos Jackets is a Cubanelle originated from Spain.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark, where Marriott International is the architect of 3XN., As hotel was designed by ACמלון Bella sky Copenhagen (which has 3XON) as a tenant and serves the location of Dannemark. Its architect is 34260.
A Severed Wasp is a country in the United States, where Barack Obama is led by Baack Obama. The English language is also written in Great Britain and one of the ethnic groups of Native Americans are from the U.S..
Felipe Gozon is the key person of GMA New Media, whose parent company is GGMA Network. It has Felipe GOzon and he was employed by Public company., A member of the AGMA network (which is part of public company) is felipeGozon.
Anderson is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The country's home town is Anderson, whose state is in U.S.
Baked Alaska is from Hong Kong, France. The country's leader is Gérard Larcher and the French language is English., Babed (politician) is part of the country in France, which is led by Carrie Lam whose politician is gérard Lacher.
Alfred Moore Scales was a member of the overland Campaign., The Battle of Alfred Morgan Scals, who fought in the Overland-Campaign.
Anaheim, California has a total area of 131.6 square kilometres and an elevation above sea level., The area total of Anaheim in California is 121.6 sq km/s. It has an elevated surface level of  48,8 at the maximum of 13,6 sq Km.
Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States.
Aaron Turner is a black metal music fusion genre of Death metal. The guitar was founded in Electric guitar and performs Black metal.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria-Hong Kong and died in Styria. He served as well as the birthplace of Austin–Hongheria., Austin – Hong Kong (born in Ist) is an abbreviated member of the family whose headquarters are one of its crew leaders.
The ISBN number of A Wizard of Mars is 978-20-15-204700-2 and has the media type in Hardcover., A U.S.A.M. was published in hardcover, with an ISBN Number 978-1-15-204075-2.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to the Computer Science and has an academic discipline of Computer science. Its SSN number is 1558-2868.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in St Louis. He was a student of the University of Texas at Austin, which has an affiliated with the U.S. system and his alma mater is Université de Texas to Austin., The birthplace of Elliot see was Dr. Louis, whose Alma mater was Universita's.
The Aston Martin V8 was manufactured by the ASN Martin RHAM/1 and has a related means of transport. The successor of the Asn Martin Virage, made by an ACSN Martin, is Alman Martin.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of Cape Town and its leader is Cyril Ramaphosa.
Andra is a musician who performs pop music and has the fusion genre of disco.
Andra is a solo singer who performs pop music., The genre of Andra is Pop music and has the background of solistes.
Abilene, Texas has 325 area code., The areacode of which is 325 are the Abilenes in Texas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria while the President was Adolf Schärf. He was in office during the birthplace of Austria, where he was president., Albubricated from Austria and died in U.S.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California. He published 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, preceded by 1632: the Baltic War., The author of 1624: It was also EricFlint who died in burbank ( California) and is written by Eric Flet.
Bionico is a dessert of Mexico, where the leader isEnrique Peña Nieto. Bionico comes from the language Spanish and belongs to the country's leader., The bionico can be found in Mexico which is led by Enrique Perez Nietos and it has an variation of Honey.
Baked Alaska is from New York, France. Its ingredient is Meringue., The Baked (Alaska) comes from the country of France and has an ingredient in Merngue.
Walter Baade, who was born in the University of Göttingen, was discovered on 1036 Ganymed. He was founded in Germany and his Alma mater is Université of Gottingen.
Alfredo Zitarrosa has a record label in Movieplay., The film play is called the filmplay label of Adolfo zitarrosata.
A Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is located in Great Britain. The leader of the United States is Barack Obama and African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The country's language is English, which comes from Great Gran Bretagna.
The Lee County is in Alabama, where the state is located.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut and worked as the Mayor of Stamford (Connecticut)., Alloran is the birthplace of Alfred S. P.S.
Atlanta is part of Georgia (U.S.) in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group., Athena is situated in Georgia, US and has one of its ethnies groups.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in Frederick County, Maryland, United States. The Monocacy National Battlefield was established on the 11th of March 1907 and has an Historic district in the U.S. are known as the National Park Service.
The ethnic group of Japan is the Brasilians in Japan., Brésils are from Japan where one of the ethnies groups are  Brazils.
The Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels, which has 1.2 litres and a body style of Sedan., Audi A1. It has an built of 1.2litres and its location is wagon.
Allen Forrest is a pop music genre., The musical genre of Allen forrest plays Pop music.
The Star Spangled Banner is a country in the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group. The ALV X-1 originates from the capital of Washington D.C. and the largest anthem is The Star Spagel.
Buzz Aldrin is a nationality in the United States.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 March 1987 and is located in Pacific Grove, California., AsiloMar Conference grounds are ajouted to The NationalRegister of Monuments on 23 March1987.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the building of Jan 2009., The building was January 2009 and its construction date is December 2009.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada, where English is the language., Abrad was birthplace of Canada whose language is English.
Agnes Kant is a member of the House of Representatives in the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer are an Socialist Party. Agnes Kant was represented by the United States whose nationality is Holland. He worked with the house of Représents (Netherlands)., The country's leader is Marguerite and he began his office for the American socialist Party.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, the country's capital is Bucharest. The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis., One of the ethnic groups from Romania are Germans and was led by Klaus IIohannis.
Andra is a solo singer who was born in Câmpia Turzii and plays for Rhythm and blues music., Born in 1986, Andra's background is solist.
The Italian is the capital of Italy, which is led by Sergio Mattarella. The country's capital is Rome and one of its leaders are Italians., Arorabbiata sauce can be found in Italy whose language is Italian.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow and the manager Valery Petrakov., The manager of FC torporchenko, Aleksandr Chumaikov's club is FC Turobo Mosque.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann, whose leaders are the Académie de New York (based in Ticino).
James Craig Watson was born in Madison, Wisconsin. He died in the United States on 27th March 2011 and has an epoch date of 27rd November 2011., The founder of 103 Hera (which was discovered by James Craig) was from Canada whose nationality is Canada.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is called 14R/32L., The runway name of Adolfo SuarezMadrid– Barajas airport is 14 R/32 L and has the location name in Asteroids Saoudite.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staffs and 737 students., Académical staff is 737 and it has 16000 students and 18000 students.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It has to its southeast of Carroll County (Maryland) and Cumberland County is the municipality of Gettysburg.
The escape velocity of (66063) 1998 RO1 is 0.0999 km per seconds in 2013-11-04 and has an epoch date of 3rd November 2013.
The record label of Agustin Barboza is Philips Records., Agusín Barboze, signed to Apple Records, has a Record label.
Dan Mishkin was created by Bolt, Paris Cullins and the alternative name is Larry Bolatinsky., The comic character Bolt (comics character) was founded by paris Cullines and died in the place of Dan Mishקין.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician whose record label is Fruits de Mer Records., The record Label of Deram Records is in London, and also performs Jazz music. He plays for the musical genre of Alison Or Donnell.
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and is located in Ireland., The birthplace of Trane comes from the European city of Ireland.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr. plays for the National Hockey League., The league of the national hockey League is in the United States.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. The address is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, vicino CEPT University, opp. Ahmedabad University and University Road., The address of Amdnikov niGufa (which is found in the state of India) is Ladalbhai Dupatabhai campus, at Compass Université, up.
Akeem Dent was a member of the Atlanta Texans, which is owned by Bob McNair and plays for Atlanta Falcons. He debuted with the Houston Texan team in Atlanta., Atlanta Falcon's former team is Austin Texens, whose location is Washington Texas.
Bill Oddie is a child of Kate Hardie., Bin who was born in Bill Odie and Kate Harie.
The Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where Sergio Mattarella is the leader. The capital of Italy is Rome and one of its leaders are Pietro Grasso., Amiratoriana can be found in Italy with a capital city of Rome.
The AMC Matador, manufactured by the American Motors, has a successor of Eagle (automobile) and is Chrysler whose key person is Roy D. Chapin Jr. He was succeeded by Eagle.
Arros negre is a Cuttlefish ingredient in the region of the Valencian Community., The Arròs wys are an ingredient of Cuffelfish.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Mamiffer whose musical genre is black metal. Death metal is an instrument in the music fusion genre of Black metal.
Bionico is a dessert from Guadalajara, Mexico. The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and it has the variation of Honey.
The United States was founded on 1776-04-04 and has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres. The country's capital is King of Prussia, Pennsylvania., Austin Gas comes from the U.S.
The orbital period of (66063) 1998 RO1 has a escape Velocity of 0.0999 km per seconds and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815kilometres. It has an epoch date of November 4th, 2013 and is 360.29 days., A poids of the area of 60063 1998 Ro1 was completed on December 3rd, 2013. The orbitals period is 36,29 days and it had an assorbimento of
The city manager of Austin is located in the United States., Austin, Texas is led by the City Manager.
Budapest is located in the country of Hong Kong., The city of Budapest is part of Hungary.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and has 512 pages., The author of the book is EricFlint, whose media type is Ebook.
110 Lydia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
Auburn, Alabama is from the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the US., The country of Auburn (Alabama) is part of the U.S. and one of its ethnies are Asia-Americans.
Bhajji is a leader in India, where the leader is T. S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders., Bajji comes from the Karnataka region of India which is part of the country's leader.
A Long Long Way was preceded by Annie Dunne and the editor of the Secret Scripture, published by Faber and Fabers. It is followed by The SecretScripture in Ireland., The book of A Long long Way has an ethnic group of White people whose origins are white people.
Duncan Rouleau, a national of Americans, was created by Steven T Seagle. The film is Big Hero 6 and starred Scott Adsit.
The full name of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Liquor S.p.A. and has 19238 members in the 2014-15 Serie B season., Ally plays at the Stadio Armando Picchi Stadium, there are 19238. It has 23 Members in 19138 and was also known as Iugoslavia Football S.
The runway name of the Angola International Airport is South Runway. The length of it is in Ícolo e Bengo, which is located in Icolo Beno.
The Akron Summit Assault is located in Abilen, Ohio, United States., Akron's ground is Akopi and it is from the U.S. USA.
The capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is Sri Lanka, where the country is in Haputale. The language is Tamil., Adirham Hall is located in Haiputal, Sri Lanca, India's capital is South Indie and has its capital city.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Arese and is related to the Fiat Croma. It has a Lancia Spartak and its transportation systems arese.
The AMC Matador is assembled at Thames, New Zealand and has an alternative name called VAD Classic. The body style of the station wagon was manufactured by the AAMC V8 engine.
Adam McQuaid plays for the Columbus Blue Jackets, whose general manager is Don Sweeney and has drafted the team., The United States of Boston Bruins are an crew member of the General Manager (Don Sweeny) and his club is one of its clubs.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II, which originates from the U.S. and has its launch site at Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., Antares (rocket) is similar to delta II in the United States.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, London. The leader of London is the European Parliament., The 20 Fen Church Street was established in Londres and is led by the U.S. Parlament.
Amarillo is part of the United States., The Amarillo, Texas is located in the U.S.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark, where the location is of Marriott International and has 23 floors., AC Hotel Belle Sky Copenhague was owned by The Royal Center and its home count is 23.
Bionico is a granola ingredient in the course of dessert. Bionico, which has an ingredient for Granola, is available in desserts., The bionico's dessert is varied by cheese and one of its ingredients are granulola.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band House of Low Culture and was associated with Mamiffer. He performs Black metal music fusion genre in Death metal., Alan Turner, whose musical genre is black metal, has an instrument for the guitar power and plays his house of High Culture.
Banana is a main ingredient in Binignit, Philippines. It is succeeded by sweet potato and belongs to the main ingredients of Banana., Binignit comes from the Philippines.
Trane has a net income of 556300000 and its subsidiario is the building management system. Trane's revenue is 10264000000 and it was found in Swords, Dublin. It has an affiliated with the construction management systems.
The AMC Matador, which was assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria, has an related means of transport. It is manufactured in 1971 and its Ambassador is a member of the AAMCMatador., Ametador's model year is 1971 with an Inauguration of March 1, 1971.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia in 1987., Atlanta, Georgie is the birthplace of A Keem Det who died on 1987 and graduated from 1987.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the band Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano and Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose. Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin (Alexandra Badoi), whose musical genre is House music, plays in house music., Abraham Williams was associated with the artist Armine Van Bu
A Severed Wasp is a language in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group., The English language is also written in Great Britain and one of the languages comes from the U.S.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Sparta Rotterdam. The manager of the A.F.C. Blackpool, which has its manager and was managed by Atlantic Rotterdam.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States. It is part of Manhattan., The Asser Levi Public baths are found in new York city, U.S. The country's capital is Manhattan.
Bionico is a food found in Jalisco, Mexico. Raisin is an ingredient of Bionico., The bionico comes from the country of Mexico, which is led by Arroin.
The comic character of Asterix, which was created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo.
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana., Indians are located in the city of Indianapolis.
Antwerp International Airport is located in the Flemish region and operated by the flammish government. It has an elevation above sea level of 12.12, which has a runway length of 600.0.
Chinabank has a net income of 15100000000., The net income of Chinabank, which is operated by banking, provides services and service.
Amatriciana sauce is a dessert from the Lazio region of Italy. It is also known as Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil. The main ingredients of an ingredient are toTomatoe, Guanciales and cheese., The Italian food building for Amatriciane can be found in Italy and it is made by Guanciale.
The director of the Acharya Institute of Technology is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar, whose campus is in Soldevanahalli, AScharya Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road and Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Chinabank was founded on 16 August 1920 and has 5594 employs and a net income of 15100000000. Chinabank, which has 295 metres above sea level is the founding date of 1920-08-16. It has 1500000000 operates., The Chinesebank's net inhabitants are 295 people and died at the 17th December 1920.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis. The New Democracy party is the New Democry Party (Greece) with blue and Blue., The successor of Adonis Georgidis, who was as well as the Vice-Ministre, was Constantinos mitsSpartakis.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns musician, Jonathan Mendelsohn. He performs Trance music in 2009 and was actively started in 2009., The musical genre of Andrew Rayl's artist who plays the band Chryburns can be found in2009.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States., Albeny is a city of Benton County in Oregon, U.S.
The largest city in Texas is Houston, Austin, Texas. The location of Andrews County Airport is Spanish and the capital is Austin., Anderson is home to the American Texan who are one of the languages that is English.
AZAL PFK, Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais and played for the AZALPFK., The club of Alekse guruli's ground are Parc Olympiques Lyonnas and is a member of the ACAEL pFK.
Adenan Satem was born in Kuching, Japan occupation of British Borneo and succeeded Adenian Satm. He was part of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and is a member of his party., Abdul Taib Mahmud was retired to Koching whose birthplace was Japanese Occupation of Iorneo.
Amatriciana sauce is in the region of Lazio, where Tomato is an ingredient., Tomato is one of the ingredients of Amatriciane which is found in LAzio.
The top speed of Alcabra is 18.52]., Alhambra has a top Speed of 18.52.
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the Community of Madrid., The Paracuoles deJarama, which is in the community of Spain, is made by the Association of Valencia.
Bhajji is a main ingredient in gram flour, vegetables and belongs to the region of Karnataka., Bajji's main ingredients are gram Flour and chickens.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Irlam Town F.C. and has the manager of A.F. C. Blackpool, whose club is KV Mechelen., William Parker's team is member of the FC blackpool (which is managed by M.K.M.) and was also involved in the Irem Town FC.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, part of Luanda Province. It has 159 elevations above sea level in Metres. The location of the Angola international airport is Icolo-Ebeno and it is situated in Lussemburgo region., The city of Laandaprovince is an elevation of 159 metres above sase level.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was succeeded by the Nigerian Air Force and he was in office while Atiko Abrahám was Vice President. He was an army Branch, whose successor is Olesegun Obasanjo., Ahmad Alham Alyam Alama Bakar was part of the Nigérian air force and died in work during the Vice President to AtikaAbubakar.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden on 23th March 1982 and is a solo singer. He worked as Singing, whose background is solo musician., A Ace Williams (born in Svezia on 27th of May 1982) was an crew member of the musical genre.
Al-Khor Sports Club is located in Al Khor and plays for the Al Shorta SC. Alaa Abdul-Zahra's club is Al Khor Sport Club., Ala A Abdul Zahra, whose club was Al shorta Sc, has its ground on Alkhor.
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for Accrington Stanley F.C. and has been manager of Barry Ferguson with the club Clyde FC., Athen Martin's coach, Alan Martin (soccerer) was born inAccrington-Stanley FC.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington in the United States. The capital of Washington is Olympia and its largest city is Seattle., In the U.S., Auburn (in the state) is one of the places where the location is led by Olympia.
Baked Alaska is from Paris, New York or Hong Kong and its main ingredients are Meringue, ice cream, Sponge Cake or Christmas pudding., Bacad in the U.S. Baked can be an ingredient of Ice cream.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California which has 75.324 square kilometres and its total area is 75,324 sq km., Athens are the Chinese language in Antioch, whose capital is San Francisco Bay Area.
Anders Osborne's record label is Alligator Records., The record Label of Anders Osbourne is theAlligator Record label.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States, where John N Dempsey worked as the US Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare.
Abner W. Sibal was a member of the World War II Battles., Abner W Sbal's battles in World war II.
The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact factor of 1.37.
The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis., Greek is the leader in Grec, which is led by Nicos Poutsis.
Banana leaf is an ingredient in Arem-arem, which is found in Indonesia. It is a regional region of Indonesia and it comes from the Asian region.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army troops served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan. Its native name is Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Güner, made from Red granite and white marble.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Ampara District region of Sri Lanka., The Acampar Hospital, which is situated in India, can be found in The country's district.
Attica is part of Logan Township, Fountain County in Indiana, and has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has an area total of 44.14 sq km/s., The Attica, Indiana's total area is 4.14 (qilometri) and its surface state is 14,14 sq Km. Its populationdensity is 78,3.1 people per quadradecans.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, United States. He died in New Mexico Territory and diede in the New Mexique Territoriy., The birthplace of AlbertJennings fountain's capital city is St.N.A.
Ayam penyet is from Java where Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob and the language is English., The country's leader is Halmah Yaacob, whose leader was Halima Ysaac and its language originates from Indonesia. Ayamblancot comes from Malaysia. It is also one of the ethnies groups in Java (which originated from Bangalore).
Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the United States., The ground in the U.S. is located in Wilson Townships, Innsu. and it is operated by the Regional Airport.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar and its president is B.M. Reddy., B. M. Raddy, whose President is b.m.reddy.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati sarawak party., Abraham Taboud, who began his birth place in King ofSarawak, fought in Baramain Ra’ayat jati Saorawak.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. The campus is in Soldevanahalli, Ahatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090., Acharya Dr Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road ( HessarghattaMain Road) is located in Bangalore at the city of Bangalore, India.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann, whose leader is the Federal Chancellor for Switzerland., Located in Ticino, Switzerland, Abbreviated to the Confederated Chancellers are an Académie's architected by the American Alexander Schneider Ammann.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba, 1989 and died in 1989.
John van den Brom is a manager of AZ Alkmaar, whose club is Istanbulspor A.S. and he plays for the AFC Ajax and was owned by Robert Nietoorn., Jen van Den Brom's manager is John vanden Brom and has their club inIstanbulsporA.R.C. with its owner Robert Houthorn.
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana., The Attica in Indiana is located in Ffontaine County (In Indiana)
Hypermarcas was founded on 1st January 2001 in São Paulo, the subsidiary of Mantecorp and is part of the United States., The Subordonnay of Hypermarca's are made from Sao Paulo and originates from its site on 01/01/19 2001.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy and is related to the Fiat Croma engine. It has a Rear-four engine and Lancia Spartak.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akit, Japan. It is part of A Kita Prefecture and has the leader of Tarō Asō. The country is led by Tarô Aso and its ethnic group is Japanese people., The Akai Museum's artists are one of the types of Asian people who are leaders in the state of Japan.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He is a test pilot who worked as the NWC, M.A. 1957.
 1097 Vicia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006. The periapsis of 27914200000. Its apoapsis is 410792000.0 km., Origin of the Epoch, 2006-12-31, is 27 December 2006 and it has a perceipsis of 530090000.0kilometres.
109 Felicitas has an periapsis of 283084000000.0., The perapsies of 109 Jacobs is 284075000000.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located in Amsterdam., The city of Amsterdam Airport Sciphol, serves Amsterdam.
Asam pedas is a main ingredients of fish cuisined in sour and hot sauce. The alternative name of the country is Asam peidas, which originates from Sumatra and Tamil Peninsula., The principal ingredient of it is fish cuisined in saumur and chaud fighet.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Paul Ryan is led by the President. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and its leader is Peter Ryan.
John Cowper Powys was a book of Wolf Solent., The author of the book Wolf solent, whose author is John Cowpera Podnikov.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is led by Baack Obama. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C., Washington DC is the capital and bacon explosion comes from the US.
Bananay Cakes are a variation of chocolat., The Barny cakes is an variation of chocolate.
Aaron Hunt is a member of SV Werder Bremen II and plays for Bundesliga. Viktor SSpartaknyk, whose manager is Viktor Sipilnyk., Alan Hunt's club is SV Wirder Brem II in Bundesliga.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States., The Amarillo city is located in Potter counties and originates from the U.S.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and it is located in New York DC., Albeny (in Oregon) is home to the state's capital.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and worked as the Vice Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally., The Vice President of the Liberal Minister of Popolare Ospedacal Rally is the birthplace of Adonisgeorgiadis, who belongs to the U.K.P.S.
The American submarine NR-1 is built by General Dynamics Electric Boat, located in Groton, CT. It has 3.8 m long Ship Beam and was constructed by the Generaldynamis Engineering Boat., Aviation of the United States are one of its parent companys whose subsidiaries are General dynamis Electronic Boat.
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983., The 11 Distinguished Street has a completion date of 1983.
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain, where the ingredient is Squid.
101 Helena has an apoapsis of 441092000.0 km and its متوسط speed is 18.44 km per seconds., One of the following amounts are 44-44 km/ps, and it has in a average speed of 18,44kilometres per sec.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is 737 academic staff., Aarhus College, which has 737 student staff.
Adam Koc was born in Poland, where the Polish-Soviet War was a commander of Joseph Stalin. His nationality is Poland and its language is polonais., Abraham Koc fought in Polacco–Soviet war and his country's currency is polannach.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Ohio. It has 45 floors and its floor count is 45.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army troops served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan and is led by Artur Rasizade. The monument is Red granite and white marble.
James Craig Watson was born in Canada and is discovered by 103 Hera., The founder of 103Hera, James Craig has been the nationality of Canada.
The country's leader is Gérard Larcher and created the Barny Cakes, which was founded in Chicago, France. The language of Mondelez International is French.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, United States and died on 28th February 1966. His Alma mater is University of Texas at Austin. He was defunted by St Louis whose nationality was the US.
Alan Martin was born on 1st of January 1989 and plays for Hamilton Academical FC. He is a member of the Crewe Alexandra F.C., The footballer Alan Martin, whose birth date was on 01/01/1989, has been found in Hamilton College of FC.
Pietro Canonica is a designer of the Atatürk Monument in İzmir., The architect of which, Pietro canonica, was designed by Artur Monument (Ankara) and made it from Turkey.
Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley F.C., Austin Martin's footballer is a member of Accring Stanislaf FC.
Bakso is from Indonesia where the leader is Jusuf Kalla and its language is Indonesian. The country's food is Chinese.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, which has a related means of transport in SEAT Ibiza and Volkswagen Polo.
Tarrant County, Texas is located in the United States., The Tarrant Contes are from the U.S.
Hugh Hazzard is the full name of Bozo the Iron Man., The full title of this book is Hugh Hazard.
Adam Koc was a member of the Cross of Valour ( Poland) who plays for the Polish-Soviet War and died in the cross of Valaur.
Addis Ababa City Hall has 42 m height and is currently located in the government of Addis-Ababa. The floor area is 140000.0 square metres and its home level is 42m.
Ayam penyet is from Java, where the country's leader is Halimah Yacob and its language is Standard Chinese. Singapore is one of the ethnic groups of Banyumasan people who are leaders in Singapore.,  Ayamblancot comes from Indonesia with the standard Chinese region.
1036 Ganymed has a متوسط speed of 16.86 km per second., The amount of 1036 Gaymede has an Average Speed of 16,86 kilograms per sec.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Vladimir Putin is the leader., The leader of Russia is Vladimir Poutine.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988, in U.S. Route 83.
Dan Mishkin was created by Bolt., The comic character Bolt, which is a comic book character, was the creator of Dan Mishקין.
The Acura TLX is a 3.5 litres and it has an engine of 3.5litres.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, the leader of Romania and Klaus Iohannis are leaders., One of the first played for Romania comes from the Prime Minister to Romania.
Asam pedas is a member of the Malaysian Indians, whose capital is Kuala Lumpur. The country's capital has an Asam Pedas and one of its ethnic groups are Indonesian Chinese., Malay Peninsula is the capital of Malaysia, where the population is Malay Asian. It is also located in Sumay.
Fiat Croma is related to the Alfa Romeo 164 and its means of transport.
Meyer Werft is located in Germany., Mايل Werf is the location of Germany.
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine and its body style is Hardtop. It has the alternative name to the American Coronet, whose headquarters are hardtop.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988., The Asher, Mary Elisabetleריצ's House has a currency in 1988-11-22.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and succeeded by Adenan Satem. He was retired from Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, SaKarnataka and died with the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. His alma mater is University of Adelaide.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen., Am Mahers was a birth place in diemen.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where English is the language., The country's language is English.
A Loyal Character Dancer is from the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., The country's Afro Americanes are one of the languages in the U.S. and has its loyal character dancer.
The Alhambra is a ship beam of 8.3 m., Accesed to the Alcabra, which was operated by 8.3m.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County in California, where San Francisco Bay Area is the language Spanish., Athens are one of the languages that can be found in the city of Antioch, whose language is English.
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and has a total area of 58.38., The Subsidiario type of Trane is the subsitorial.
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is located in Brazil. It is the ground of Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, Brazil and it is home to the region of Brazil.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland, Switzerland. Its dean is Mario Botta and has 600 students.
Antwerp International Airport is located in the Flemish region and operated by the Federal Government. It has an elevation above sea level of 12.6., The Antwerp international Airport, which was operated by French Government, began its operation organisation for the flammish government.
Aaron S Daggett was a member of the Battle of Gettysburg and won the Purple Heart., The country's battle, which has played for the Batal of Fightsburg, is one of its awards with the violet Heart.
A Long Long Way has a ISBN number of 00-670-03380-4., The ISBN Number of A Long long Way is 0-670-93380-4 and has the ISBN code number 0-6703380-1.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Abilenne, Texas, United States. It has a runway length of 1121.0 and it is part of the city of Austin, U.S..
AWH Engineering College is located in India and has the largest city in Mumbai, India. Ganges are an Indian river.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis and the country's capital is Bucharest. Its  hymn is Dăaleks-te,Romaniane., Dăatatele te, Romanie is one of the ethnic groups from Romania who are both Germans and English.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas and competed in the Big 12 Conference. He is affiliated with the University of Texas System and president Gregory L Fenves.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the headquarters of Jinnah International Airport. The Allama Iqbal International airport, which is operated by the Pakistan civilaviation authority, was served by an operative organisation., One of the  Operating Organizations for the pakistan Civil Air Agency are the government and the governing organes in this state.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has an population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre., The population Density for Ann'Arbor ( Michigan) is 1590.7 people per sq km.
Brandon, Manitoba is the leader of Drew Caldwell., Drew Coldwell is led by Brandon in Manitaba and its leader's leader.
Alvis Speed 25 has a single plate corpedo, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and allsyncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle., The Alvis speed 25 is transmission of the several piattes cchicken, separat 4speedgearbox All-selent et all synchronews, Centre change Lever, apert tobular multifunsional engine with
Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes are located in Deptford. The power type of Alcabra is Humphards, Tenant et Dyke., The ground for the Alhambra was designed by Humprys (Ternant) and Dekes.
John Madin was born in Birmingham, where Andrew Mitchell is the leader of Birmingham City Council and his postal code is B postcode area., 103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Maddin who governed the city Council for Birmingham's headquarters and Andrew MMitchell are leaders.
Zan Tabac is the coach of Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C., whose coach is Žantaba., Maccabici Tel-Aviv in C.B. is a coach and plays for Zan cigar.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia., The country of Malaysia is Asam Pedas.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock., The AIDA Crocs, which has the location of ROstock, is found.
A Fortress of Grey Ice has a hardcover book., The media type of the Hardcover is A fortress Of GreyIce.
The film Big Hero 6 starred Maya Rudolph and was created by Duncan Rouleau, nationality of Americans. The comic book Baymax is the big Hero 6.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th September 1987 and is a member of the Houston Texans. He was formerly retired from Atlanta (Atlanta), Georgia.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and worked as a Secretary of State of Verman. He was the largest city in Burlington,Vermont., Allora Sabin's 3rd Congressional District is operated by the secrétaire of St. V.V.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London., The Dead place of Alfred garth ג'ונס was London.
Ayam penyet is from Java where Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob and the country is in Java., The Ayamdnikov is part of Java, which is led by HalmahYacob whose leader ishalimah Yaacob.
The batchoy is from the Philippines, which is an ingredient of Shrimp., Batchoney can be found in the country of Philippines and one of the ingredients are shrimp.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, where Joe Biden is the leader of the United States., The country's leader is Joe biden and he was led by the U.S. He was part of Essex County, N.J.), whose nationality is Alan Ridge (which has been founded in Lincoln Ridge).
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton and has the manager of A.F. C. Blackpool, which was managed by Stuart Park., The coach of AC blackpool's club is runcorn FCHalton.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and VfL Wolfsburg., The club of which is SV Wirder Brem II, also played for Ffl wolfsburg.
Mike Akhigbe was a predecessor of Oladipo Diya., M. Mike Akhtiye was an apocalyptiquet of Odilo Diya.
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois., The Chicago is located in Dupage County ( Illinois) and has the home name of Chicago.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Milan and has a related means of transport to Fiat Croma., Alfabeto 164, which was manufactured by the Alfa Rome 164 with an relative mán of transports, are associated with the Associazione Custa.
 Cornell University's nickname is Cornelle Big Red.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and is located in Al Khor., Al Kharaitiyat SC, whose ground is al Khoir, is part of the club Araya Abdul Zahra.
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and worked as a Socialist Party (Netherlands). Agnes Kant is the Alma mater of Radboud University Nijmegen., Agnes Kant, who began his offices as socialist party in the Netherlands, has its alma mater as an Administrative Party.
Ajoblanco is a water ingredient in Ajoblanco, which originates from the Andalusia region of Spain. Its alternative name is Ajo Blanco.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and succeeded Makis Voridis. He was the Vice President of Economy, Development and Tourism (Greece), whose successor is made by Maki Svoridis.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York., The Adirondack regional airport is at Harriettestown (New York).
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr. plays for Florida Panthers., The club of the Florida, played for the football player Alekser barkov Junior.
Alison O'Donnell is a member of the band Flibbertigibbet and performs folk music of Ireland. He was active in 1963 and plays for Mellow Candle., The record label, static Caravan Recordings, can be found at Alison Or Donnell whose musical genre is Folk music de Ireland.
N. R. Pogson, born in Nottingham, was discovered 107 Camilla and died in Chennai on the 17th of November 18th,1868., In England, N.R.Pogs are an ethnic national whose birthplace is Indiana.
Almond is an ingredient in Ajoblanco, which is from Andalusia., Ajoblanco is a food found in the region of Andaluzia and has Almond ingredient.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where the runway name is 11/29. It has a length of 896.0 and an elevation of 973.0 above sea level., Andersons can be found at the city of Andrews, Texas.
Akeem Priestley is a youth club in Jacksonville Dolphins., The Youth Club of Akeesem Preeterley, who plays for the largest clubs and their feet are ליבtiques.
The Australians are one of the country where the higher Veil is preceded by Aenir.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is natively from the Turk Spartak Aniti. It has a material of Red granite and white marble., Baku, Turchia, Turquia, Türk 3084, are one of the traditional largest martyrs.
The orbital period of 1788850000.0 and periapsis is 6155910000000.0. It has an epoch date of 31 December 2006. The mass of (19255) 1994 VK8 was 5.6 km/kg, and it has its edeast date on November 31st 2006., (195205) 1994 VF8 has a masse of 5.6 kilograms in mass and fought on December 31th 2006 and his orbitales period is 896850060.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the capital of Austin, Texas., The capital city of Texas is Austin.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was succeeded by Anthony J Celebrezze., The successor of Abraham A, Ribiceoff is AnthonyJ. Campanezze.
1099 Figneria has an orbital period of 179942000.0 and periapsis of 349206000000.0, epoch date on 31 December 2006. The mass of 2.7 kilograms is 2.7 kg/kg., The orbitals period for 1299 Fgneria's total mass is 27kilogrammis.
Asam pedas is from Sumatra, Malaysia where the population is minukkabau people are one of the ethnic groups in Malaysia., The country's Asam Pedas comes from Malaisie and it is part of Min Kasuba people.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played for the EPSTH 2nd GROUP., The A. E Di Mitr EfSpartak is a member of 1500 people and plays for ACEPSTH 2.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Portland, in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans., The U.S. A.D.A. is from the city of Albany, whose capital was Washington DC.
Aaron Turner is associated with the musical artist Isis and Lotus Eaters., Alan Turner, a member of the group lotus eaters band, has an rhythmian band which is associated with its musician IsiS.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad Airbase, which was operated by the United State Air force, is invasion of Grenada. Lockheed AC-130 and its fighters are General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad Airbase and Lockheed AC-130 are the fighters of the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. The Operation Enduring Freedom is operated by the U.S. air force, which was located in the USAir Force, whose crew was launched to be served as one of its rockets.
James Craig Watson was born in Madison, Wisconsin. He died in the state of Canada and has 101 Helena founded., The discoverer of 101 Helen comes from Canada whose origins are James Craig-Watson.
The periapsis of 1099 Figneria is 349206000.0 and it has an epoch date of 31 December 2006., 109Fignerie, a perianof 34919600.0. It has the perced of 2006-12-31.
Asser Levy Public Baths was located in 23rd Street (Manhattan) in 1904., The Asser Levay public Bathes, which was founded in 1905, has a year of struction on 1904.
Amdavad ni Gufa is from India, where the leader is T. S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan., The leader of India in India is Tost S Thkur.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and was retired on 15 March 1932. He worked as a test pilot and the NASA operated Apollo 12 whose mission is Apollo 12., The NASA operator Alan Bean's crew member is NASA and its birthplace was December 15th 1932.
Arem-arem is located in Indonesia, but more specific to Java., The Arem are known as the region of Indonesia and Java is one of the types of applications.
Airey Neave was active in the Battle of France, which was born on March 30, 1979. He has an active year in 1974-04-04 and fought on April 28, 1979.
Alex Plante has a height of 1.93084., The length of Alex Plantes is 1.994].
A Wizard of Mars is published by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 31775313]., The author of A wizard of Marte, was Dianne Deane, has an ISBN Number 298875413].
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C., The club of Alan Martin's coach, was crewe Alexander FC.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan and is a Defender football club., The club of AlessioRomagnoli, whose manager is the FC Milan, are champions.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and the predecessor is Oladipo Diya., Alessio Diya was succeeded by Akibou Bakar, whose successor is Olesegun Obasanjo and he was vice President. He worked as part of the Decreto Diya.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom and has a 5.3 litres of carbs. It has an related means of transport to the Alman Martin RHAM/1.
The periapsis of 88234300.0 and (410777) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. The leader of India is T S Thakur and the leader is to T.S.Thakur.
Alvah Sabin was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce., Allora Sabin, who worked as a Secretary of State of Vermont, is the successor of Alvah Sebastian.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, part of Luanda Province. It has 159 elevations above sea level in Metres. The city of Angola is situated in the Uandaprovince and it provides 159 elevates.
AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by the AIDA Cruises, located in Germany. It has its location of Spain., The company's owner is Costa crociere.
Alan Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C., whose manager is Steve Bruce and has been the manager of Abel Hendez., Abel hendez's club is ליב city A F. C. in the United States.
The variation of  dessert is the dessert.
A.C. Lumezzane plays in 2014 with the Lega Pro/A league and has 3800 members., The A.S.Legone, whose season is 2014, was made in 2014. It's number of members are 4150 people.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and is a four-stroke engine., Alco RS-3, which was constructed by the Montreal Lokomotive works, was manufactured by Montréal locomotiveworks and has 4 stroke vehicle.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States. The city is part of Manhattan and the location of the Asser Levi Public baths are found in new Netherland., Asor Levye Public Wet belongs to the State of Nebraska, U.S. It is situated in NY City (United States) and has Manhattan.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party., The birthplace of Abdul Tab Mahmoud was Miri (Malaisie) and was residence in sarawak.
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where Laura Boldrini is led by the leader of Italy. The country's capital is Rome and its language is Italian.
 Abradab is a member of the band Magik (rapper) who was born in Poland and plays at Kaliber 44.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by the architect Julia Morgan, who was born in California and is located in Chinatown, San Francisco. It has a significant building of Riverside Art Museum., Hearst Castle was founded in Chinesetown (San Francisco) and its architectes are Julie Morgan.
Ayam penyet is a dessert from Java and has an ingredient of fried chicken. Its main ingredients are squeezed or punched beef served with sambal and can be found in Malaysia and Singapore.
Alfred Moore Scales was a member of the Battle of Chancellorsville., Adolf Moore Scacchi has fought in Battles of Cancellersville.
Akeem Ayers, who plays for the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, coached Mike Mularkey and debuted with the Tennessee Titans. He is a member of the U.S. The club's team was to los Angeles Rams that has its former team., M.K. M.R.N.A.J.C., he also belongs to the United States where they are previously played
Baked Alaska is a dessert course., The Baked Arctic is an ingredient in the class of dessert.
Sweet potato is a main ingredients of Binignit and Solanales., The main ingredient of binignit is sweetpotato and the order Solansales.
Hip hop music is a derivative of Drum and bass. Hip hop musical has an assortiment of Gangsta rap., Abradab's genre is hip Hop music, whose subgenre is Gangst rap.
Cármen Lúca is the leader of Brazil which is led by Cárman Liducia.
B.M. Reddy is the president of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India. The President of which is B. M.reddy and its leader is b.m. reddy., Acharya Institut of Technologia at Bangalore is located in India.
Antonis Samaras was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis., The successor of Antonis Samares is Konstantinosis Mitstofagis.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan and is made from Red granite and white marble. Its architect is Hüseyin Btiyeer and Hilmi Güner. The leader of Azerba is the Prime Minister of Azerbaïdjan whose legislature is National Assembly (Azerbaijan) and its capital is Baku., President of the U.S. President
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995. He plays for Florida Panthers and is a member of the club FC., The birth date of December 9th 1995, Aleksandrer barkov has been found in Turkmville in Finland.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group., The country's native people are one of the habitants of Angola, which is situated in sea ben County in Indiana and originates from the U.S.
Bhajji is a country in India, where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader., Bajji comes from India and one of the leaders of India whose leader is Suamitra Maharajan.
Bakso is located in Indonesia, Indonesia where the capital is Jakarta. It is led by Jusuf Kalla and its leader is Joko Widnikov., Kalkson is part of Indonesia whose capital was Jakarta.
The Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland., Adaremanor, whose origins are from Poblacht Ireland.
A Severed Wasp was written by Madeleine L'Engle., The author of A Severd Waspo is Macqueline L.
Arlington is part of Texas, where English is the language., The language of Arlington in Texas is English.
Bionico is a granola ingredient in Bionico, which belongs to the course of dessert., The bionico's ingredient is Granola.
GMA New Media is a media company in the World Wide Web. It has an industry of Entertainment and its products are one of the types of MEDIA company., The genre of GMA new Media, which is produced by International Wide web.
Banana is the main ingredients of Binignit, which is succeeded by sweet potato., Binignit's main ingredient is banana.
Carl A Wirtanen was discovered by Carl A. Wirtenen., The 29075 DA of 1950 DA, which has its discoverer's founder Karl A.
Ayam penyet is a Banyumasan people in Java and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore. It has an ethnic group from Java, which is available in the Nation Wide region., The Ayamdnikov are one of the populations of Java whose language is bananaמוסan.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, whose manager is Valery Petrakov and was a member of the Russian Premier League. He also played for the 2014-15 Russian Prime League in Russia., Alex Chumaikov's club is FC Turobo Mosque, which has its manager and president Aleksandr Tukmanov.
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart., Bakewell tarta is a food found in Frangipano.
Arròs negre is from Spain, where the leader is Felipe VI of Spain., Aroos 2395 is in Spain whose language is Spanish.
The campus is in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road and Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States., The country of Auburn (which originates from the U.S.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Lotus Eaters, whose musical genre is Electroacoustic music and plays for Old Man Gloom. He was actively in 1995 and he performs as an rhythmic music.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of Peñarol., The manager for Peñorol is Jorge Orsmár da Silv.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th September 1987 and debuted with the Atlanta Falcons., Atlanta is a member of the team who plays at Atlanta Eagles.
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India., The leader in India is Sumitra Maharajan.
Airey Neave was a commander in the World War II, whose commanded was Joseph Stalin.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635: the Cannon Law., 1632:The Ram rebellion is followd by 16th March, 1963 and its cannon law.
The Atlas II was launched at the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 which has a diametre of 3.04 m and is located in the United States, on 16th March 1998. Its final airport is made from Vandenberg Air Force Base.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is a coden code for the APGPAC., Acta Paleontologic polonica's code has the code NCODEAPGPAL.
Columbus Blue Jackets is located in Columbus, Ohio., The city of Colosseum, Indiana is one of the crew leaders.
A-Rosa Luna, which has a length of 125800.0 millimetres long, was manufactured on the 22th of April 2004 and is made by Cruise Ship., The A Rosa Luna's currency is 12250 km long and it comes from the 21st of March 2004.
Alvah Sabin was actively completed on 3rd March,1857., The active year is 1857-03-03 and he began his debut on 03/03/1857.
The maximum temperature of (66063) 1998 RO1 is -71.0 degré Celsius and has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815kilometres. The minimum temperature in this country is 750.0 km/s., 500.0 Kelvins are the largest temperature at the area of 60063 1998 Ro1, a length of 500.0 litres.
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is located in Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez and has 10000 members., 10000 people are an crew member of the A D.A.S. It's home ground at theEstadio Colonel Gerard Caleero Suarez.
1099 Figneria has an escape beam of 0.0155 km per seconds., The Evasion Velocity of 1099 FC is 0,0155kilometres per sec.
The main ingredients of the beef kway teow are Kway teew, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shreded, seced black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, Lengkuas, oryster sesame oil and succeeded palm sugar. It is also a dessert from Singapore and Indonesia.
Aaron Turner was born in Massachusetts and started his debut on 1995. He performs Sludge metal, which is associated with the band Twilight (Band)., Alan Turner's musical genre is Sluck metal and he plays for Lotus Eaters.
Chinabank was founded in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands, located in Manila. The capital city is the insular government of Philippines.
The ethnic group of Poland is romani people., Polainn has an thnic group in the Romani people.
Ajoblanco is a food ingredient in Ajoblanco, Spain. It has an alternative name of Ajo Blanco and it comes from Spain.
The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle Peppers and the Valencian Community region., Aroos Jackets is from Spain and can be found in the Valan Community.
Alan Frew's genre is rock music, which originated from country music., The musical genre of Rock music is Alan FreW and its stylistic origins are Country music.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Houston.
Stuart Parker, who plays for the A.F.C. Blackpool, played for Drogheda United FC and has its manager at Stockport County FC., The footballer is a member of the AS F.B. blackpool (which was managed by their manager) and began his club in Stokport Town FC.
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician., The genre of Black metal is Black Metal.
Abilene is part of Jones County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C., The city of Abilenne is located in Jones counties and is led by Washington DC.
Andrew White musician is a alternative rock genre., The musical genre of Andrew White is Alternative rock.
Akeem Priestley plays for FK Mughan., The club of FCMughan is theFK mughan.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press, in the United States. Barack Obama is the leader of the U.S..
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The Anderson is home to the U.S.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabate and has a runway length of 3800.0.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by the European Space Agency and launched ELA-3, which has 5.4 metres of diametre and is completed on 27th March 2004., Ariane 5, made by an European space Agency, produces the Apollone 5. Its maiden ship on 2nd March 2004 and its final airport is 2003-09-27.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, United States and died in California. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and his Alma mater is NWC, M.A. 1957.
Bhajji is a leader in India, where the leader is Narendra Modi and Vajubhai Vala are leaders. The country of Karnataka is an India region of India., Bajji comes from the state of Tamil, India which is led by Nandar Modi.
The AMC Matador is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria and has a full size car. The alternative name of AVA Classic is VAD Classic., Ametador's class is Full-size car.
Alan Shepard died in California, where the United States Navy was a distinguished Service Medal., The American Navy is an fossil of California which has sequeled to Solodon and won Distinguished service Médecine.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 and the Baltic War, authored by David Weber. The language is English.
Abilene is part of Texas in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S..
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad Airbase, which was operated by the United State Air force, is the Lockheed AC-130 and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle. The US air Force has a war in Operation Enduring Freedom.
Airbus Defence and Space is a parent company of the Airbus Group. The Ariane 5 was manufactured by the Apollone 5.
The United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and White Americans are an ethnic group in the US. The country's capital is Washington D.C., Bacon Explosion comes from the U.S.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zaheer Jamali whose leader is an U.S. M.K. are one of the oibríochtaí which is from Lahore.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the International Tennis Federation. The sport club is offered to tennis, which has been operated in 2000.
Dodge Coronet is a alternative name of 1955 Dodge., The location of this company, in 1955, is the similar name and has the origins of the American Governed coronet.
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who plays Greymachine and has the genre of Black metal., The band Twilight, which was associated with Kristen Turner, can be found in bluemachine.
Al Anderson, born in Windsor, Connecticut, was actively involved in the NRBQ band and is associated with the Wildweeds., Albenn's bandNRBQ has an active year on 1966 and performed in 1966.
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000.0.,  110 Lidia has an perispan number 377026000000,0.
Appleton International Airport is located in Appleton, Wisconsin, Kimberly and Little Chute. It has the city of appleton whose state is dessert., The United States are one of the places where Appletone is part of Michigan (UK) and it is operated by The US.
AIP Advances has an eissn number of 2158]., The AIP Avans' is the abbreviation Number of 2258].
Andrew Rayel is a musician who performs Trance music and plays with Jwaydan Moyine, John Digweed., The musical genre of Andrew Rayele is the origin of pop music.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located at -3.3528 and has an elevation above sea level of 3.4075., The Amsterdam Airport Chiphol, which is operated by Shuphol Group, was served as a member of its operate groups. The location of the city is 35/35 in the United States.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups from the U.S. The country is led by Auburn and its county seat is Opelika.
Joseph Klaus was a student of the University of Vienna., The Alma mater of Josef Klaus is Université de Vienna.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, has a top speed of 38.892 and is operated by the AIATA Cruises. The largest beam is 32.2 long and was manufactured by Mayer Wieft., Agathastella's main speed is 38892 millimetres and has an elevation of 253260.0millimetres.
The Al-Taqaddum Air Base is located at 84.0 above sea level.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff., Accademia de Archistettura Di Mendritio is a student staff of 100.
The Administrative Science Quarterly was founded by Sara Miller McCune and is abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q., which was published by SAGE Publications., Sara Miller Mcune was the founder of Sage Publications in the Abbreviation for Admin.
The Antares rocket is manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched in Vandenberg Air Force Base, the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport, United States. It has comparable to the Delta II (which originates from the U.S.) and its launch site is vandenberg air force Base., Antares (rocket) comes from an Mid Atlantic Regional spaceport region of the US.
Abblanco aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has a LCCN number 32024459]., Abneraus dem Häronym-01-03 Seminar for the University of Hamburg's U.S. is 51224459.
Baked Alaska is from China, where Standard Chinese is the language., The country's language is standard Chinese.
The comic character Bolt is created by Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn., French plays for Bolt (comics character), which was written by French Cullin, who was founded by the comic book Carlton.
Amériques are an ethnic group in the United States, where African Americans originated., The ALV X-1 originates from the U.S. and one of its ethnologies are AfricanAmericans.
A Glastonbury Romance has an ISBN number of 00-7156-3648-0., The media type of the book is print, with an ISSN number 03-71563-68;.
Ace Wilder is a record label in EMI Records., The record Label of the musical label (Amérique Records) is EMI Record.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician and performs Jazz music., The musical genre of AlisonO'donnell, whose guitar is Autoharp.
The Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, in the capital of Rome., Arorabbiate can be found in Italy and its capital is Rome.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and died in Göttingen. He was discovered 1036 Ganymed, whose Alma mater is University of Gottingen.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is the leader., The politician whose leader is Patrick Alan (politician) was Patrick Alen.
Elliot See died in St Louis, part of the Kingdom of France. He was affiliated with the University of Texas System and his alma mater is Université Austin at Austin., The Alma mater of Elliot see comes from the U.K.S. system and has affiliation to the United States.
The Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is located in Arapiraca, Brazil. It has the ground of Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and its champions are Vila Nova Fampeonato Clube., Agremiação Sportiva Apiraquense's home ground is the Estepíria municipal Coacaracy de Mata Francoseca.
The maire of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis., Athènes is the Mayor of Giochi Kamins.
Angola, Indiana is in the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups., The English language is from the U.S.
Aaron Turner is associated with Old Man Gloom musician and performs post metal in 1995. He was actively involved in the band Twilight, whose musical genre is post-metal., Alan Turner plays Post metal and worked as an artists of old Man Goloom.
AIP Advances, which is abbreviated to A.T. Charlie Johnson, was editor of AIP Adv. and has the coden code AAIDBI.
107 Camilla was discovered by E Wells and has an periapsis of 479343000.0 km. Its epoch date is December 31st 2006.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Twilight, whose musical genre is black metal. He plays for Electric guitar and Death metal music., The fusion genre of Black metal is Death Metal.
Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia and was succeeded by William M O Dawson., The successor of Albert B White's crew was William Mr O Deawson.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is called 14L/32R., The runway name of Adolfo SuarezMadrid– Barajas airport is 14 L/32 R and has the location name in Asteroids Saoudite.
Al-Khor Sports Club is a Qatar Stars League., The Al- Kluhor Sport Club plays for the Azerbaijan Stars Liga.
Albert B. White was born in 1856 and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia on 3rd of June 1941., The birthplace of Albert B White (born in April 22th, 1956) was Parkerburg, west Virginia whose birth date is November 3, 2006.
Airey Neave was awards to the Territorial Decor., The ground of Airey Nave has been awarded to its territorial decorating.
The Ariane 5 was launched at Guiana Space Centre and has a diametre of 5.4 metres. The maiden airport is the Airbus Defence and Space operated on 18th December 2009., Ariane 5, manufactured by Airane 5's MaidenFlights on 12 August 2005 and had an final appeal date of 18 November 2009. It has 5,4 meters in air, and it also began its debut on 1st March 2009.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and played for the Battle of Panama., The U.S. Air force, which was assembled in the US air Force, combats on the invasion of Palena.
The Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou, French Guians., Bureau's headquarters are Kouro and French Guana.
The Philippines's ethnic group is the Pangasinensis people., Pangesinense people are an ethnical group in the Philippines.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, the capital of Rome and its leader is Giovanni Grasso. It is officially written in Italian language., The city of Roma is Rome, where A. S.Gubbione 1910 was founded on August 1910.
The escape velocity of (66391) 1999 KW4 has an orbital period of 16244700.0 and its apoapsis is 162164091.4075 km/s. it has a density of 2.0 gram per CubicCentimetres, which was epoch on 14thJuly 2004. It has the edeast date of 20041484 in 2004.4., A potassias as 16426091.4107 km(en) count of 11 September 2004 with an
Audi e-tron is a division of Audi., The Audi's division is Audi, which is part of the Audi ed erotron.
Elliot See was selected by NASA in 1962 and died in St Louis., The birth date of the day 28th of February 1966 is San Louis.
Meyer Werft is located in Papenburg., Mer Werf was found in Papienburg.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and the leader of the United Kingdom, whose leader is Elizabeth II.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is a runway name of 18R/36L., The Asteroid Abhbal international airport (IATA) was named18R/26L.
Bakso is a leader in Indonesia, where the capital is Jakarta. It is led by Jusuf Kalla and its leader is Jauz Kalla.
A.D. Isidro Metapan is a full name of the Association Deportiva., The A. D. It is partly known as an American Idir Metapán.
Anderson is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis., The capital city of India is Anderson, whose capital is and was found in Adamstownship (Madison), which originates from the U.S.
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas in the United States. The Native Americans are an ethnic group in that country.
Angola is part of Indiana, in the United States where Americans are an ethnic group. The country's language is English and also one of the Native Americanes comes from the U.S., In the US, Angola, Indiana is situated in Indiana.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade in 1972 and is a solo singer. He plays for Rhythm and blues music, whose background is soliste., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovač comes from the year 1972 with Aritmies and Blues.
 Silvio Berlusconi is the président of A.C. Milan, which was a member of the AC Milan., The Vice President in A C Milan's AS Milan (capital name)
Andrews County Airport has a 4th runway surface type of Asphalt and is 973.0 above sea level., Asphalt is an elevation of 97,3 metres above sase level.
The bacon sandwich is from the United Kingdom and has an ingredient in Condiment., BLT is also a variation of Bacon, which is part of the U.K.S. for the country's main variation of BLT.
Alex Day was active in 2006 and played with Chameleon Circuit band, Charlie McDonnell. He performs Electronic music and he plays the musical genre of Alex Day (which is associated with Chiameleon circuit) and can be found in 2006.
The runway length of the Alpena County Regional Airport is 1533.0.
Arem-arem is located in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla. It is from the Nation Wide and Java is one of the types of applications., The Arem are an ethnic group at Indonesia which is led by Januev Kalla.
1099 Figneria has an apoapsis of 603618000.0kilometres and its متوسط speed is 16.37 km per seconds., The Amax speed of the fignerie is 16,37 kilograms per sec.
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for Hamilton Academical FC and Barrow A.F.C., The club of Alan Martin's coach is Hamilton, academically FC.
Alex Plante was born on 9th July 1989 in Brandon, Manitoba and plays for Anyang Halla club., The birth date of 1989 is the birthplace of Alex Plantes, who began his football club at Asnyang halla.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and died in London., The birthplace of Alfred garth is Manchester and Died at London.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and the season of 2014 is 2014., The team of AFC, whose amateurs are one of the member of 5000 people, plays for the Vanderclass League in 2014.
Bakewell pudding is a shortcrust food ingredient., Baiwell tart is an ingredient of Shortcrust margariy and it is varied by the variant of Bakewell fudding.
The 3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, located in Beverly Hills, California., 3Arena's home was the owner of Live nation Entertainment and began its location in beverlyhills, Californie.
Walter Baade was born in German Empire and died in the University of Göttingen. He was discovered 1036 Ganymed, a doctoral student Halton Asp and his Alma mater is Université of Gottingen.
The AMC Matador is a mid-size car and was assembled at Thames, New Zealand. It has the alternative name of American Motors Matadores whose class is one of the types of cars., Ametador's first class can be found in an AM with its straight-6 engine.
Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Addiction, which has the LCCN number 96036978 and its academic disciplines are an addiction. The Journal's SSN number is 1360-0443., The Disturbia journal was a psychiatric date of December 1st, 1996 with the ISSN numero 9308498.
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States., The country of Albany and Oregon originates from the U.S.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, United States. It was completed on the 5th of June 2009. The current tenants are Mason School of Business., The location of Alan B Ball Hall at Virginia is Virginia and has its completion date on May 01st 2009. He was attended on 1st June 2009 and worked as a member of the U.S..
The runway length of the Alpena County Regional Airport is 1533.0 and it has 210 metres above sea level., Alpina County regional Airport, located in Wilson Township, Innsylvania County, Michigan, is approximated as 210 m long. It has an elevation of 210 km above sase level.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II was led., The U.S., whose leader is ElizabethII.
The Premier Development League is champions of the UK and K-W United FC. The Akron Summit Assault was a ground in Alkon, Ohio (United States)., Akron's home ground for the Prime Development Lega plays at the Premier development League whose Champions are K W United Football. It is also where the club is led by the U.S..
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Sumac and has an musical fusion genre of Death metal., The black metal music, which originates from Black metal, was associated with Sumaca (band) and began as Death Metal.
Ayam penyet is from Singapore where Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. It is also available in the language English., The country of Java, which is one of the languages that is both bananaumasans who are part of Indonesia and its language is English.
A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and has a ISBN number 978-20-15-204700-2., The book number is 978-1-15-204075-2 and the ISBN Number: 978-2-15-204107-2.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Socialist Republic of Serbia and is a solo singer. He performs pop music, whose background is soliste.
Abradab's background is solo singer., The background of Abradab was solo musician.
The South Jersey Transportation Authority is the Chief of Stephen Dilts., Stènes Diltts was the leader of SouthJersey Transportation Agencies.
The leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen., And the leader in which Lars Laøkke Rasussen, led by Lars Lokke ראסussen.
Anderson is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union., Adams falls Creek and Laffiled, richland in the Union.
Stuart Parker plays for Bury F.C. club.
Sadique Abubakar is the commander of the Nigerian Air Force., The Nigeriane air force was a crew member of SadiqueAbubakar.
The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on 28th September 2013 and is 3746.66 square metres in floor. It has 3 floors and 3, the inauguration date of the 28st of March 2013., Akita museum of art's floor area is 3.74,66 sqm (qm).
William Anders was a commander in Apollo 8 whose backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin and is operated by NASA. He retired on the 1st of September 1969, Frank Borman.
Aaron Turner is a black metal music fusion genre of Death metal, which was associated with the band Twilight and Greymachine. He plays for Electric guitar and he performs Black metal., Black metal comes from the musical genre in Black Metal whose death metal is one of the types of dark metal.
Abel Caballero was born in Spain, where the predecessor is Francisco Franco and Felipe González. He was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was Prime Minister., Felipe Gonzalez was an Parliamentary who died in work during the presidency of Francis Franco.
Aston Martin V8 was assembled in the United Kingdom which is led by Elizabeth II. The leader of the U.S., whose successor is Aston M. Virage and has a related means of transport that are one of its relatives transportation., The succeeded by Aton Martin S.R.A.N.P.C. manufactured from the UK's Alman Martin DBS.
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Tab Benoit and plays for Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. He was active in 1989 and performs Rhythm and blues music., The band, Billy Iuso, is an artist whose musical genre is Rock and Blues.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups from the U.S. The capital city is Washington D.C..
Albennie Jones's genre is jazz, which originates from blues and Afrobeat music., The musical fusion genre of Jazz is Africanbeat.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacabin. It is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka., Adir and Jabac is the architect style to Ard And JacFabian.
The Acura TLX is a Honda K engine., Acura TCLX has the Honda k engine.
Adam Koc won Cross of Valour ( Poland)., Abraham Koc, who was a member of the Croix of Valaur in Poland, has been awards for Adam Koc.
 Rodrigo Duterte is the leader of the Philippines., Rodrigo Detering is a leader.
Java has an ethnic group in Baduy., The Java is a member of the same genre of Java.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan., The Baku Turkey Martyres and the Baku, Turkmenistan are one of the sculptures monuments.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is part of Newmexico and has a total area of 486.2 sq km. It has an area code 505, 575 and its population density is 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre., Albaque (New Mexico) is located in the areacode 505 5 and 575 people are one of the surfaces of 48,6 sq Km. The population Density of 1142,3 inhabitants per round kilometres and it can be found
Anaheim, California has a total area code 657., The areacode of Anaheim in California is 657.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and its successor is Konstantinos Mitsotakis.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova and he performs Trance music. He is a member of the musical artist Armin van Buuren who plays for Christian Burns.
The bacon sandwich is from the United Kingdom and has an alternative name of Bacon butty, baco sarnie, rasher Sandwich, becon garnie. The became known as BLT and one of the ingredients are bacion which is found in the U.K.S., Bacon macon sarcine, barne, rascher-sandwich (bacon carn), bacos singer, piece 'n
Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States where Paul Ryan's leader is., The U.S., which is led by John Ryan.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Italians are anonym and the leader of Italy comes from Sergio Mattarella., The A. S. Gbbione 1910 was designed by English and its home ground is Italy.
Arròs negre is from Spain, where Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of the Valencian Community and Ximo Puig comes from., Aroos Jackets are found in Spain whose leaders are English and it is also one of its habitants.
The architect of 3Arena is HOK SVE., 3Arena, located in North Wall, Dublin, is designed by the architect hOK SSVE.
Anderson is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The country's home town is Anderson, whose city is located in The U.S.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. It has the motto Raging Excellence.
The 1st runway surface of Alderney Airport is Poaceae and has a length of 733.0., Alerney, whose city is Served in Alderny, was located at the 1,st course surface type of poaceae.
Angola International Airport is located in Luanda., The city of the location of Angola international airport is San Francisco.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and Anderson is the largest city.
Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm on 23rd March 1982 and is a solo singer., Ase recording of the background is solo musician, who has its background comes soliste.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a class of Executive car., Alfa ROME 164 was graduated from the Audi Appeal 164.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor, whose leader is the Federal Canceller.
Aleksandra Kovac performs pop music and is associated with the musical artist Bebe Dol. Kornelije Kovač, whose genre is Pop music, belongs to the band of Aleksandra Kovalic., Kovac's musical genre was pop-music and he plays for Disco music.
The Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States. The leader of Manhattan is Gale Brewer and was led by the US.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. It is the location of 3Arena which is operated by Live Nation Entertainment and live nation Entertainment., The city of Dublin is part of the United States whose home ground is 4Arena.
The Apollo 12 is a NASA commander of the NASA, David Scott. The commandant of Apollo 12, was Alan Bean whose mission is Apollo 12.
Aaron Turner is a member of the band Sumac and has an genre of black metal., Black metal musician, whose musical genre is Black metal.
A.C. Cesena plays for Serie B and has 23900 members., The league of the A.S. Cedena, whose ground is Cènesa's ground.
The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle Peppers and it is found in Catalonia., Aroos Jackets are an ingredient of Cephalopod enk and its main food is the White Rice, cubdillofish nó squelut, cannell fish and catartail pepers.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, which has a related means of transport in SEAT Ibiza., Audi A2 is made by the Audi and was associated with their transportation.
The Dead Man's Plack was dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia and is made from Rock (geology).
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The director of the Association of Technologies, located in Bangalore – 560090. Its campus is in Soldevanahalli (Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road) as well as B.M. Reddy.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, which has a runway length of 3500.0., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baratajas airport is situated in Alcabenda's and has an elevation of 3500 km long.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Williamsburg, Virginia. He was owned by the College of William & Mary and plays for Alan B M. Hall., Athen BM. Miller hall has a campus with the owner of College Of William& Mary.
The Antares rocket has a final airport on 28th August 2014., Antares (rocket) was launched on the 27th of October 2014.
Airey Neave was a member of the World War II course and won the Military Cross. He has an active year on 30th March 1979 and died in the United War Two.
The Adisham Hall, located in Sri Lanka, has architectural style Tudor and Jacabin. It was completed in 1931 and was buildinged in 1927.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where Andrew the Apostole is the patron saint. The latin name of the Universityas Apulensis is Universitas Apuluiensis., Andor the apostole's Latin name is Universitas Apaulensis.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada., The birthplace of Aaron Bogaard is a member of the United States.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria-Hongheria and died in Styria. He is a member of the U.K.S. A.R.A.; whose birthplace is Tirol (state)., Alk.G., began his death in Graz, as well as St.E.I.
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and plays for F.C. Bari 1908 with the manager of A C Lumezzane, which is managed by MicheleMarcolini. He also began his club at Torino FC.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, part of the Community of Madrid., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baratajas airport is situated at San Sebastian de Los Reys and its location is in Saskatchewan.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County, Georgia in the United States. The country is located in Atlanta., Athens are an American home to Atlanta.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad Airbase, which was operated by the United State Air force, is invasion of Grenada. The Lockheed AC-130 and the transport Airbus Boeing C-17 Globemaster III are an invasion of Panama.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where the leader is President and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country is in the U.S., The country's leaders are the president and one of its ethniques are AsianAmericans.
Austin, Texas has a total area of 686.0 square kilometres and its area is 703.95 sq km., The area for Austin in Texas's area density is 696.0 quadrametres.
Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of Germany., The leader in Germany is Stanislawo Tillin.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden and is a solo singer., The record label of Ace Breed was Warner Music Group, whose background is soliste.
Adonis Georgiadis is a Vice Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping., The Vice President of Development in the industry Adonisgeorgiadis worked as Deputy minister for development, competitivened and Transportation.
Aaron Deer originated in Indiana, United States. He is a musician of Indie rock and originates from the U.S..
 Hook'em (mascot) is a mascot of the University of Texas at Austin., The University Of Texas in Austin has an mascott of Hook’em.
Frank de Boer is a manager of AFC Ajax, who plays for the soccer Academy., Former Frank De Boer's manager is English and one of its clubs are their youth Academy.
Hypermarcas has a total revenue of 1800000000 and is located in Sao Paulo, São Paulo. It has 10252 employs and one of the incomes of 18.000000.
Atlantic City International Airport, which is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, has a runway name 4/22. It has an elevation of 23.0 km above sea level and its length is 304.0., The Atlantic City international Airport's location is located on 23th September 2013 and it has in their operating organisation (port authority of N.A.N.E.) at 14.0 km/h
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. English is one of the languages which is from the U.S., The country's language is English.
The comic character Ballistic (comics character) was created by Doug Moench and is alternatively known as Kelvin Mao., KelvinMao has the alternative name of the comic book character Basculant.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where Auburn, Alabama is located., Auburn (Alabama) is in the U.S. and Washington DC is its capital.
Italie is a demonym of Italians., The Italy's home name is Italian.
The main ingredients of the beef kway teow are Kway Teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, succeeded, shreded black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, Lengkuas, oryster sesame oil and palm sugar. It comes from Singapore and Indonesia.
The Arrabbiata sauce is a food ingredient in the country of Italy., Aroma, it is an ingredient of the arrabbiate that is succeeded by Tomato and originates from Italy.
Aleksandra Kovac performs Rhythm and blues music. Kornelije Kovač is associated with the musical artist Bebe Dol., Born in the genre of Aleksandra Kasac, whose genre is Aritmi and Blues.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain. Its operate organisation is ENAIRE., The location of Adolfo Suarez Martinez Madrid – Barajas aeroport is the city of Madrid in Spain and it is operated by ACAIRE.
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy, where the capital city is Rome. The leader of Italy is Laura Boldrini and it is led by Pietro Grasso., The home ground in Italy are Italians whose capital is Roma.
110 Lydia has a rotation period of 39332.9 and an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
Agustin Barboza's musical genre is Guarania (music) and has a record label of Philips Records., The solo singer, Agustin Barboze, was born in the band guarania.
Eric Flint was a book of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis., The author of the book is EricFlint.
The film of Baymax is Big Hero 6., Big Hero 6 is a comic book.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from NASA with an Alma mater of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 and retired. He was selected by NASA in 1963 as a member of Apollo 11 whose alma mater is Massachusetts Institute for Technology (Sc D).
Asam pedas is a member of the Malaysian Indians whose leader is Ariffin Zakaria and are an ethnic group in Malaysia. The country's capital is Malaysia, which is led by ARIF Zanaria.
110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000.0 and a periapsis of 53001600000. Its epoch date is December 31st 2006.
Hypermarcas is a products from the industry of Pharmaceuticals. The company's pharmaceutiques manufactures Hypermarcais, which is produced by וסמטיקה., Hipperas are one of the ingredients in the production of Biopharmas.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana., The Angola's home country is located in the state of State of New York and serves a member of the United States.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. Texan is an Spanish language from the U.S..
103 Colmore Row was architected by John Madin., John Maddin was a architect of 103 Colonmorerow.
The English language of France is French and Claude Bartolone are an ingredient in Barny Cakes, which is a dessert from France. The country's leader is Gérard Larcher and one of the ingredients include Spongecakes.
Ajoblanco is a main ingredient in Bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil and it is found in Andalusia. Ajoblanco's main ingredients are served as bread, ormeaux, Garlicwater water and olive petrol., Andoblanco comes from Spain with an ingredient of the same ingredient including فطائر, origaines, carries, fluviales, air, oliv. It is used to be part of
Adenan Satem was a student of University of Adelaide., The Alma mater of the Universitas of Australia is Universit's Stem.
Chinabank was founded in Insular Government of the Philippine Islands., The Chinesebank is a Public company, which has its origins in subsidiary government and originates from the insular government of Philippines.
Ajoblanco is located in Andalusia, Spain. Its leader is Susana Diaz and it is the location of Ajoblanco, which is from that region by Felipe VI of Spain.
Alvah Sabin was born on 23 October,1793 and worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont., The birth date of Alvah Sebastian was in Georgia (Vermont) and is a member of the U.S. S.I. governed by the secrétaire of St. V.V.
Bhajji is a country in India, where the leader is T S Thakur., The Indian people are one of the habitants of India and whose leaders are T St Takur.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan and is designed by Hüseyin Btiyener and Hilmi Güner. He was led by Artur Rasizade and his native name is Türk Spartaki Aniti., Turk dnikov Amnesty International from the U.S. are one of the ethnic groups who were born in Azerbaïdjan and
Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, Bacon singer, piece 'n baco, bocon cob, becon barm, bcon muffin. Brown sauce is from the United Kingdom and it has an alternative name of BLT., Barman Sandwich in the U.K. are one of the ingredients as a base of variation of DLT.
Athens International Airport is located in Athens, Greece. The leader of the country is an Alexis Tsipras., The city of Athens International airport is operated by Atene and its leader is Alan Schipras.
Auron is created by Marv Wolfman., The comic character Auron (comics character) was creator of the comic book character and he was founded by Marchvولفman.
The periapsis of 29919600000.0 is 29919590000. 0., (66391) 1999 KW4 has an perianpsie of 399196000.0.0.
Albany is part of Georgia in the U.S. state, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group whose language is English.
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S. Città di Palermo, which is managed by Giuseppe Iachini and has an youth club of Peñarol., The manager of the United States Citta di Pale in Italy, Abel Hendez was born in Serie A and his club is peñarolo.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the capital is Baku. The legislature of the National Assembly (Azerbaijan) is governed by Artur Rasizade.
Alan Frew's background is solo singer and plays rock music. Rock music originated from country music, which originates from blues and bhangra (music).
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata., Athens International airport is found in Spta.
Abner's club is C.D. FAS., Abner (soccerer) plays for the FCAFC.
Bakso is an ingredient in Noodle., Noodle is one of the ingredients for Baksco.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers served in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan and is designed by Hüseyin Btiyener and Hilmi Güler. The native name of the country is Türk Spartaki Aniti.
Al Anderson is a musician from the band NRBQ, whose stylistic origins are blues music. The musical fusion genre of rock music is Bhangra (music) and can be found in guitar.
Hypermarcas is located in São Paulo. It has drugs and its products are drug.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes., The 1634 is the bavarian conflict in the Subdivision of Grantוויל Gazette.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was constructed by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard., Arctic Helsinki Boatyard is located in the beam of 21.2 long and it has a crew member of the arctechHelsinki Naveyard.
Batchoy is a Chinese Filipino in the Philippines, where the language is Philippine Spanish and Zamboangans are one of the ethnic groups. The country is also known as Asian Ingles.
Chorizo is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa., Bandeja paisa is a chorizo ingredient.
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan., The AZAL pFK was established in shuvalans, Bako, Azerbaïdjan.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., The country's language is English and also one of the languages that originates from the U.S.
Adam Koc died in New York City., Abraham Koc, who was a member of the company Adam Koc's death place.
The AMC Matador was assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin and has a model year 1974. It is related to the memorandum of transport with the Ambassador., Ametador's model Year is 1974.
The American Journal of Mathematics is abbreviated to Am J Math. The first publication in 1878 has an SSN number 1080-6377., Am J. Math.
The creator of Bananaman is John Geering and starred by Tim Brooke-Taylor. The first aired was on 15th March 1983, 1986.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is from Kota SamSpartak and the region of KotaSamkhand., The country's region is Kota Sampampeonato.
Arem-arem is located in Indonesia., The Arem are related to the region of Indonesia.
Sausage is an ingredient of Bacon Explosion in the United States., A base of sausage, a bacon explosion originates from the U.S. The main ingredient is Sausage.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is located in Great Britain, the United States where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans. The English language is also written in Gran Bretagna.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas which is in the county seat Fort Worth. The largest city is Houston., The higher city of Texas is Austin and its ethnic language is English.
Alan B Miller Hall was tenant of the Mason School of Business architect Robert A M Stern., Robert A.M.
The net income of Hypermarcas is 109900000 and has an revenue of 1800000000. It has 10252] employs and the net income was 108600000.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade, 1972 and is a solo singer whose genre is pop music., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovač (born in 1972) is Pop music.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and the leader of the United Kingdom, which is led by David Cameron. The publication of this journal has an written book to Lippencott William Jillins.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, part of Awadh and is 167.94 above sea level., The Agra Airport has an elevation of 16794. It is operated by Bundelkhand and it is situated in the district of Abhadh.
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas in the United States., The Amarillo located in Potter County (which originates from the U.S.) is situated in St.C. and originated from R.D. USA.
Akeem Ayers was formerly involved in the Tennessee Titans and draft pick 39., The draft round is 2 and it has 39 drafts, who are a member of the U.S. titans.
Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party (United States) whose leader is Daniel Webster. The largest city is Burlington, Vermont and was led by Daniel webster.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and J Waydan Molaine., The band Andrew רייel, who plays in the musical genre, was performed by John Williamsel.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, where the Prime Minister is Konstantinos Mitsotakis and his successor was Makis Voridis. He was Vice President of Antonis Samaras, who was part of the Evangelios Venizelos and died in office during the birth place of Athens., Antonis Samares was retired from Athens while Aleksandros Veritables are an Deputy of Apollos Veridis and he was succeeded by Maki
Abdul Taib Mahmud was the alma mater of University of Adelaide., Almônier Abdul Tab Mahd, whose Alma mater is Université of AAdelaide.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the band Jwaydan Moyine and performs House music., The musical artist Armin van Buuren, whose genre is house music, can be used to play place music and was associated with Joe Dan Moyne.
The epoch of 1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907XC, was on 27th June 2015 and has the periapsis of 419113394 55312 km., One of the following ethnic groups are discovered by Sergey Belyavsky.
The orbital period of 1097 Vicia is 135589000.0 and it has an epoch date of 31 December 2006., Located in 2006-12-31, 10 December 2006, its orbitals period is 395490000.0.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York and has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres. It has 12 floors and it has 110 million dollars.
A Wizard of Mars is published by Diane Duane and has an ISBN number 318900313., The author of the book N.D. A, whose media type is Hardcover, is 318875313.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, United States. It is part of Menasha (town) and is operated by Appleton, whose city is Clayton Winnebago County.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is a design company from Gruppo Bertone, which was founded in Turin. It was established in Italy and has the Design Company of The Alfa 1000GT Coupe., Abarth 2000 GT coupé (formerly known as Asbarth 000 GT CCoupe) was manufactured byGruppo Berton, whose fondation are Torino and originates from Italy.
Andrews County is a county seat of Andrews, Texas., Athens are the states headquarters in New Jersey.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 with an alternative name Edwin E. Alden Jr., whose Alma mater was Massachusetts Institute for Technology (Sc. D.), was retired. He is a member of the U.S. The Apollo 11's fighter pilot.
Andrew White musician performs alternative rock. Alternative rock is a fusion genre of Nu metal., Aندرو White (musician) can be found in alternative Rock.
Hypermarcas has a net income of 108600000. It was founded on 1st December 2001 and is operated by S.A. (corporation), which has an net income of 10000000.
Chinabank was founded on 16 August 1920 in Manila. The net income of the company Chinabank is 15100000000 and has 295 metres above sea level., The Chinesebank's location is 295, which originates from the Public company who are operated by public company.
Julia Morgan was born in California and was architected by Asilomar Conference Grounds, which is located in Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. Julia Morgan has a significant building in the Riverside Art Museum., The Astronaut of Apollomar conference grounds are designed by its architect Janina Morgan who was founded in los Angeles herald examiner.
The AIDAluna has a length of 252000.0 millimetres and its power type is Caterpillar Inc.
The Bacon Explosion is located in the United States, where Paul Ryan is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C., Paul Ryan was led by the US which has the capital city of Washington DC.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, United Kingdom and died in London. He graduated from Manchester., The nationality of which Alfred garth is the birthplace of Manchester (Royaume-Uni), whose nationalities are one of the types of death.
Akeem Dent was a member of the Atlanta Falcons who play in Houston, Texas and is owned by Arthur Blank., The Austin Texans are an former team at Atlanta Apollo's home club and has been operated by Artu Blank.
GMA New Media, which was founded on 1st of December 2000, has its mobile applications and is operated by Mass Media. Felipe Gozon is the key person in GMA Network Center., The company of mass media produces Mobile Applications and began his publication on 01/01/19 2000. It is manufactured by Gma new Media (based on 10th January 2000) and he died from Massachusetts Network Centre.
Baked Alaska is from New York, United States. The ingredient of Baked in the country is Sponge Cake., Sapone desserts are an ingredient for baked (baked-Alaska) comes from the U.S. and one of the ingredients include sapone cream.
The English of Finland is Sami languages.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 27th March 1927 and died in St Louis. He graduated from University of Texas at Austin, where the test pilot is a test member.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas which has the capital of Austin and Houston is the largest city in Fort Worth.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio. It governed by the Cincinnati City Council and governs the city Council., The 200 Public square has a location in New York (which is part of Culyahaga County) and its governing body is the U.K. C.A.C.
The United States is located in the North American Eastern Time Zone and has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres. The country is part of the city of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania whose time zone is north American East TimeZone.
Amarillo, Texas is located in the United States., The country of Amarillo is from the U.S.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for the Chesterfield F.C. club in Blackpool, where Gordon Marsden is led by Gordon Marchden and has been manager of the A.F. C. blackpool (which was managed by K Mechelen).
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and was a commander of the Polish-Soviet War. Leon Trotsky, whose birthplace was led by Adam Koc, was breithiúnas for the Polonais–Soviet war., Abraham Koc (born in Congrès Poland) was fought in the polonais-soviet war.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II and the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, associated with Minotaur V. It was launched by the mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch Pad 0, which has a related rocket of Minotur V in the U.S., Antares (rocket) are similar to delta II from the United States.
The Agra Airport is located in India, India. The leader of India is T S Thakur.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was manufactured by Gruppo Bertone and is a company of the design company., Abarth 2000 GT Cabriolet, which has its constructed company, is founded byGruppo Bertoné.
Ajoblanco is a food ingredient in water. Ajoblanco comes from Andalusia, Spain. It is an ingredient of Water., The addition of the same ingredient is water.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain. Its runway name is 14L/32R and it has a length of 40.0 metres long., The location of Adolfo Suarez Valencia-Baratajas airport is 14.9 km long.
The Secret Scripture is published by Faber and Fabers, whose book is A Long Long Way in Ireland. It was followed by The SecretScripture., A Long long Way comes from the country of Ireland, where White people are an ethnic group.
Ayam penyet is a main ingredient in Ayam penyete, which is from Indonesia. Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group of Malaysia and its main ingredients are squeezed or punched fried chicken served with sambal.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) has a length of 192000.0 millimetres and is located in Argentina., And its longueur is 193000.0millimetres long, are the ARA V-2, which is from Argentina.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the Suburban Legends musician, whose genre is Ska.
Alison O'Donnell was active in 1963 and he started his debut on 1963.
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors., The location of the AC hotel Bella sky Copenhagen was Marriott international and its floor count is 23.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and one of its ethnic groups are Native Americans., Americans originated from the US, whose capital was Washington DC.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Bakumi and is a member of the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium. Levan Khomeriki manager, Aleksandre guruli's club is FC Dynamo Batami. He also began his home ground at East Osu manjgaledze Stadio., Alexandria was managed by Livan Kouferiki and he has been born in Arosiman Kotami.
A Severed Wasp is a language in the United States, where Barack Obama is led by Baack Obama. The country's leader is Balack Obama and one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans., The English language is also written in Great Britain.
N. R. Pogson is a nationality in England., In England, N.R.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendritio, Switzerland. Its dean is Mario Botta and has 600 students who are an academic staff size of 100., Accademia Di Architesttura perdaithe comes from the city of Mendrinio (Suisse). The Dean of Académie's Decano made with 1000 students.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, United States and died in California. He was a test pilot whose Alma mater is NWC, M.A. 1957.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in the state of Karnataka and was founded by Kempe Gowda I. The capital city of Bangalore is Arabian Sea. It has its west West, India's sea.
The Ariane 5 was launched by the Arian 5 ELA-3 in Guiana Space Centre, which is located in French Guana., Ariane 5's launch site is Galileo-3].
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and it has a Cruise Ship.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Portland, in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and African Americans are one of its ethnic groups., The country's capital was Washington DC and English is an American.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and has a runway length of 3084.48.
Alex Day was born in London Borough of Havering and played with the Chameleon Circuit band, Charlie McDonnell. He plays Electronic music and is a member of Alex Day who began his active years in 2006.
Arukles is a alternative name of Aurakles, created by Len Wein., The alternative names of the Aura Kles are Akopiles.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis and the capital city is Bucharest., Abel IIohannis are leaders from Romania whose capital is Bucarest.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum, India. It has 700 postgraduate students whose campus is in Soldevanahalli, Ahatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090., Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road ( HessarghattaMain Road), Bangalore– 500090. The As well as its president is B.M. Reddy.
Aaron Bertram is a member of the band Brian Robertson (trombonist), whose genre is Ska punk and was associated with Kids Imagine Nation., The Suburban Legends, which has been involved in the musical artist under the country, is also affiliated to Kids Inimagin Nation.
Alfred Moore Scales was a member of the American Civil War commander in Abraham Lincoln. He fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and is part of militaire conflicts., Abraham Lincoln, whose commanded was Abraham Lewis, was one of its crew leaders at the United Civil war.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where Americans are an ethnic group. The country's originated from the U.S. and one of the traditional groups include Native Americanes., In the state of Angola, whose national population is native americans, can be used to represented the city State.
Aaron Deer is a solo singer in Indiana, United States. He was associated with Wee Giant and he performs Indie rock music., The musical genre of Aaron deer originates from the U.S., whose background is soliste and plays indie rock.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States., The U.S. is a member of the US where one of its ethnies are NativeAmericans.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom., The US Kingdom's capital is London.
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent, England and fought in Gulf War. He was a commander of the Grenadier Guards., Amy largest army Branch is an invasion of Almond Powell.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and served as a fighter pilot. William Anders is the crew member of Apollo 11 whose Alma mater was Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and worked as an Fighter pilot.
Dáil Éireann is the leader of Dublin, which is part of Leinster. The 3Arena is located in Dublin (capital of Republic of Ireland) whose leader is Dáil Eireann and led by Live Nation Entertainment.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to the ACM Trans. Inf. Syst. and has the coden code ATSET., The codec code ASAT is ATASET.
The AMC Matador is manufactured by the American Motors, a key person of Roy D Chapin Jr. whose successor was Eagle (automobile) and he has been succeeded by Eagle.
Alison O'Donnell is a derivative of jazz music and has the record label static Caravan Recordings., The musical genre of Jazz, whose derives funk is Funk.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army troops served in the Battle of Baku, and its material is Red granite and white marble., Bacu Turk Marrym Medal was dedicated to The Ottoman Arm army soldiers who were uccisi in fought in Baku.
Arabic is the language of the Philippines., The Arabic language is English.
The Honda division of Acura is the acura division.
Alison O'Donnell is a member of the band Mellow Candle and he performs folk music. He was active in 1963 and his musical genre is Folk music.
107 Camilla was discovered by N. R. Pogson, who was born in Nottingham, has an epoch date of December 31st 2006., The founder of 107 CamillA was N Ra Poggson and died on December 31, 2006.
The building of Adare Manor was 1700 and is built in 1700.
Ajoblanco is a food ingredient in Ajoblanco, Spain., The Ajowyso comes from Spain and it is an ingredient of Bread.
Barny Cakes was created by Mondelez International.,  Barnycakes, which is a member of the United States.
Austin is part of Travis County, Texas in the United States., The country of Austin is located in Travi County and originates from the U.S.
Auburn is part of Alabama., The Auburn (Alabama) is in the state of Georgia.
GMA New Media is a subsidiary of Philippine Entertainment Portal. It is found in Quezon City, which has the industry of Entertainment and one of its products are the World Wide Web.
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa., South Africa's capital is Cape Town.
Abeba City Hall is located in Addis Ababa Stadium, where the leader is Mulatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn are leaders of Ethiopia., Addis Albaba city Hall (which is situated in New York) and it is home to the Ottoman Atatamateshome.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and served as a test pilot. Alan Bean is from the United States whose mission is Apollo 12., The NASA operator of Apollo 12 operated by NASA.
103 Hera has an escape beam of 0.0482 km per second and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 km. It has a mass of 7.9 kgs, an assorbimento of 0,0482kilometres per sec., 101 HerA's  escaped runway with an améliocity of 0.00482 kilograms/second.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group., The English language is written in Great Britain and its leader is Joe Biden.
Airbus Defence and Space is manufactured by Ariane 5., The Arian 5 which is made by the Airbus defense and space.
The 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma is led by the leader. The country's ethnic group is White South African., One of the people who are leaders in south Africa and belongs to the United States with an ethnical group of white SouthAfrica.
Casey Ribicoff was born in Chicago., Abraham A. Ribicef was a spouse of Casey Bribecoff, whose birthplace is Chicago.
The AMC Matador, a station wagon, was assembled at Thames, New Zealand and has the alternative name of American MotorsMatador. It is operated by the Central Station Wagon., Ametador's body style is served with the AAMC V8 engine.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the largest city in Houston. The United States is the U.S..
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taiab., The successor of the company, Abdul Taim Mahd, was Suliam Abdul Ram Tab.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the postmodern architecture and has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres. It was built on Jan, 2014 and it has 12 floors., One of the surfaces are 34303.8 sqm long and its home count is 12.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce et al. and has 512 pages., The book of 1634 is the media type of E-book and its ISBN is 512 pagines.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. Its runway name is 18R/36L and has a length of 3500.0., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baras Airport (which is operated by ENAIRE) is the operating organisation of AAIRE.
 Potter County is in Texas, where the state is Texas., The state of Pennsylvania is the city of Texas.
Abilene is part of Taylor County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and is located in Taylor Co., USA., The capital city of Abilenes are Washington DC.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, established in 2000, has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its motto is Raging Excellence.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party. Mark Rutte is the leader of Netherlands, which is led by Mark rutte., Ab K Link was birth place in Schardam whose nationality is Marc Ruttes and has an Euro currency.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office during the 29th of May 1999 and succeeded by Olesegun Obasanjo, Mike Akhigbe. His predecessor is Oladipo Diya.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where the leader is Tabaré Vázquez and his demonyms are Uruguayans., The President of Uruguay was Tabare VáZquez.
The Aston Martin V8 was assembled in the United Kingdom and has an related means of transport. It is 5.3 litres, as well as its a member of the U.K.A.S., Alman Martin RHAM/1 (arm.s.e.) are associated with the S.O.E.R.D.C.
Elliot See graduated from the test pilot., Austin See's occupation is Test pilot.
Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore, where Beef kway teow is found in Singapore., Befa Kway Teow are one of the leaders at Singapore whose leader is TonyTan.
Claude Bartolone is the leader of France, which is led by Gérard Larcher., The Barny Cakes are made in France and one of the leaders from France (France), where the country's leader is gérard Lacher.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy and has a Saab 9000 engine and its related means of transport. It is located in Lancia Spartak, Italy. Its assembly is made from the Acab 9000.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It has the campus campus in Soldevanahalli, Ahatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090., Acharya Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar whose director is Dr.
 Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is in Ithaca, New York., Cornell University was published by the Administrative Science Quarterly whose editor is Cornelle University, which has its ffiliations with The Association Of American Universitaies.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes. It has a runway length of 3500.0, and it is at the location of Adolfo Suarez Valencia-Baratajas.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akit, Japan. It is part of the country of Japan and has a ethnic group of philippins in Japan.
The capital of London is London, where Boris Johnson is led by Elizabeth II. The United Kingdom has an currency of Pound sterling., 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the U.S. and its capital is Londra.
The Ayam penyet serves hot and is served with hot.
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and has 29000 employs. Trane is located in Ireland, where one of the Subsidiario groups are subsidiaries., Corner's birthplace is Lacrosse ( Wisconsin), whose subsiharian group is 2,9000 people.
Sweet potato is a dessert of Binignit, which has the division of Flowering Plant., The binignit's ingredient is sweet potate and belongs to the floing plant.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of Caterpillar Inc, which was founded in Illinois, United States. Its power type is AIDAluna., The leader of this company's headquarters are Douglas R O obellerman and has its capital city on Illinois.
Alan Frew performs rock music, which originates from blues and folk music. Rock music is fusion genre Bhangra., Rock music was originated from Blues and belongs to the Folk music.
Jack Kirby was created by Balder, comic character., The comic book character Balders is written by the comic person Jack Kirsby.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, the capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte., The Ampara hospital is found in Singapore and it is part of The city of South India.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow and is the manager of FC Terek Grozny, whose team is Rashid Rakhimov. He was also a member of the FC Dinamo Moscou and has been managed by Rashed Rakwys., Ahmad Raktiyev are an youth club at FC Trem Gorzny and its home ground is Grumzny.
Andra, who was born in Romania, is a solo singer and performs Rhythm and blues music. Andra's background is soliste and can be found in the country of Romania., Born in 1986, Andra has an rhythm and Blues musician.
Anaheim, California is part of the United States Capitol and is led by Tom Tait. The country's language is Spanish., The U.S. House of Representatives are leaders in Anaheim (which is situated in the U.
Albennie Jones performs Rhythm and blues, which originates from Blues., The musical genre of Albenny Jones's origins is blues.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, a member of the University of Texas System and competed in the Big 12 Conference. He is affiliated with the U.S. S.E.A. and plays for the city of Dallas who are part of List of Counties in Texas., The University Of Texas at Austin has its Alma mater as well as the Universit's System.
A Long Long Way was preceded by Annie Dunne and followed the Secret Scripture., The book Viking Press is published by A Long long Way in Ireland, which has its origins from Ireland. The secret Scriptures are an publisher of Along Long Road (in Ireland) whose originates from the UK.
The Addiction journal is located in the book number 6036719., Addiction Journal has an ISBN number of 1736719.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II, which was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and has an associated rocket of Minotaur IV. It also belongs to the Vandenberg Air Force Base in the United States.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, in the United States. The population density of Attica is 783.1 (inhabitants per square kilometre) and has a total area of 4.14 sq km/s., In the U.S. are one of the population denys of Accademia, whose populationdensity is 78,3.1 people per roundilometri.
The official school of Acharya Institute of Technology was given the technique Campus status by All India Council for Technical Education.
The AIDAstella is a ship in service on 17 March 2013 and it was operated on the 17th March 2013.
Alkmaar Zaan2539 is a full name of AZ Alkmaar, which has 17023 members., The total name for AZ Alkamaar Zanwys is the AlKmaar zaantiye and one of its Members are 17023.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, United States. The currenttenants are Mason School of Business., The current Tenants of Alan B M. Miller hall is the location of Virginia.
Antwerp International Airport is located in the city of Antwerp, which has a runway length of 600.0 and its owner is Flemish Region. It operates the Flemish Department of Mobilité and Public Works. The location of it is 12.6 km above sea level is 12 km/h., The Inauguration of the Avenida international Airport was designed by the Flèche Regional region and an elevation of 12,0 km from the flemish
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, where Diego Santilli is the leader., The leader of which Albertodnikov was led by Diego Sanilli.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert of the ground almond, jam, butter and  egg. The main ingredients are: Ground almonds, Jam, burr, uova and belongs to the region of Derbyshire Dales.
Alvah Sabin, who died in Sycamore, Illinois, was a member of the 3rd Congresssional District of Vermont. He has an largest city in Burlington (Vermont)., Allora Sabin's 3-rd Congressional district is located in Vurlington, Vermond and his Death place was Sycatamore in Illinois.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was manufactured in 1958 and has a wheelbase of 2160.0 millimetres. The body style is Two door coupé, which has an  straight-four engine.
101 Helena was discovered on 15th August,1868 and died in Madison, Wisconsin. James Craig Watson was born in the University of Michigan whose Alma mater is Université Michigan., The NASA's alma mater are the U.S.N.A.J.K.C. (which has been founded at 101 H.H.D.
Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguay national football team., The Uruguay National Football team is a football club.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Tamil is Ranil Wickremesinghe and it is led by Ranils Wickresmerenghe., The Ampara hospital is operated from the state of an East Province South India.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States., The U.S. is a member of the US where one of its ethnies are NativeAmericans.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, where Joe Biden is the leader of the United States. The Apollo 11 has a backup pilot and William Anders is operated by NASA. He died in Essex County (New Jersey), whose leader is Joe biden and he passed away to Apollo 11.
Olive oil is an ingredient of the Arrabbiata sauce in Italy., Their ingredient is olive oil.
James Craig Watson was born in Madison, Wisconsin and died in Peritonitis. He is discovered by 103 Hera, whose nationality is Canada., The birthcause of James Craig (born in the United States) has an area of pertinitis.
The architectural style of Adisham Hall is Tudor Revival architecture and was completed in 1931., Addisham Hall, located in Sri Lanka, is designed by Tudora Revivale architecture. It was at the trance date of 1931.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is a media type of Ebook., The author of the comic book, which has an E-book style of 1634:The Ram rebellion.
Ajoblanco is a main ingredients of Bread, almonds, garlic, water, olive oil and it is found in Andalusia. It is also known as Ajo Blanco.
The AIDAluna is a Sphinx class Cruise Ship., ANADAluna, based in the US Navy, was located in ספינת crocs.
Felipe Gozon is the key person of GMA New Media., The key persona of Felipe GOzon was FFernando Goson.
Adam Koc was a member of the Officer's Star Parasol., Abraham Koc, who fought in World War I, plays for the United War.
Denmark's capital is Copenhagen., The capital of Denmark is the Copenhagen capital.
Aleksandra Kovac is a performer of the Soul music genre.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located in Amsterdam, which has a runway length of 3500.0 and an elevation above sea level of -3.3.3528., The city of Amsterdam was served by Amsterdam. Amstard at the United States to be elevated 3500 metres long and it can be completed on 3.3328 meters.
The Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is in Brazil and its champions are Vila Nova Ftiye Clube. It plays for the 2014 campeonato brasilien, with an league of 2015., Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense comes from Brazil to play in the 2015 Cblanco B competed at the club C Campeon Guarani.
The Delta II launched the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., Aviation Station is located in the cap Canavier Air force Station.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985., The Completion date of 200 Public square was 1985.
Trane has a net income of 560300000 and an revenue of 10264000000. Trane, whose net income is 556300000, has 29000 employs.
Hypermarcas was founded on 1st of January 2001 in the S.A. company, which has its key person to CEO and is the AS. A. (corporation) whose headquarters are the Pharmaceuticals industry., The CEO of Hypermarca's comes from the O.K.S. as well as the CEO.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. B.M. Reddy is the president of the U.S.R.D. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road at Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090., In Soldevanahalli (Acharya Dr. S.E. R.B.reddy) is led by the United States of India and has its campus campus
Alexandria, Indiana has a total area of 6,81 square kilometres and their population density is 755.3 inhabitants per square airport., Alexia (Austin) has an area total of 6.81 sq km and its populationdensity can be found at 75,5.3 people per quadra kilometre.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, United States. It is part of Clayton Winnebago County, Illinois., The Appleton international airport is situated inGreenville (United States) and it is the location of Lakes Williams to the U.S.
Ace Wilder is a member of the genre hip hop music, which originated from Disco., A Ace Breed has their stylistic origins in disco and its genre is Hip Hop music.
Arros negre is an ingredient of Cuttlefish., The Arròs 2395 is a food found in the cuttle fish.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, whose manager is Valery Petrakov., The manager of the club at FC To torpor Mosc's season is 2014-15 Russian Premier League.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and is managed by Amar Osim., Al Kharaitiyat SC, whose ground is Al Khor, was manager of the club Al Kharatiyat FC and are also affiliated with Amar Ossim.
Aleksandra Kovac is a member of the band K2 (Kovač Sisters duo) and performs Rhythm and blues music., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kasac, who was associated with Bebe Dol, plays Ghythm & Blues and began its musical artist.
The band Bananaman, which was broadcasted by the TVV., Bananaman is a radiodiffusion of the VSD.
The United States Air Force operate the U.S. air Force, which was operated by the United State Air force, has a Lockheed AC-130 and its transport military fighters are the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon., Al Asad Airbase is one of the operating groups in the USAir Force whose invasion of Panama.
The Barny Cakes are a protein of 1.8g and is an variation of Apple. It has 18 0 g carbs and one of the enzymes of 1,8g., Barnycakes can be found in biscuits, which varied from Apple, it has 18,0 grammes and its citrate is 18.0 gram.
Origin of 1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95060.0.
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars and Tab Benoit., Bian Iuso is an artist who plays for the musical artist in the country, as a musician Billy Auso.
Ann Arbor is part of Michigan in the United States., The country's home town is Ann, which originates from the U.S.
The capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is Sri Lankan rupee. The country's language is Tamil and it is the location of Adisham Hall in Haputale (Sri Lanka)., Adirham Hall, which is located in Lapatale, Sri Lanca, is one of the traditional languages that is an Indian currency.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv, which is managed by Oleh Luzhny and the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium. He also began his manager at FC Mendredia's ground., Alexandria whose club is FC Kapitan Tylviv and its manager is Ole h Luinsky.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and is led by the Labour Party (UK)., The leader of Manchester is Manchester whose capital is Greater Manchester.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and served as a test pilot. David Scott is the commander of Apollo 12 whose Alma mater was UT Austin, B.S. 1955.
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny., RenéGOSCIENY was the creator of The comic book Caracter.
Shaitake is a shiitake ingredient in Batagor, Indonesia. Shumai comes from Indonesia and it can be varied by Siomay., Shumai originates from the Indonesian region of Indonesia.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. His birthplace was Kuching, Asajaya., Born in Chennai, Indonesia, Abdul Taim Mahed was retired from Koching region and succeeded by the party pesaka buimiputera bersatu.
Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd Street (Manhattan) and has an architect style Romanesque Revival architecture. It is related to its architectural style in Rome, 1980/23., The Architectural Style of Its Aladdin Acted at the American Civil Institute are 80002709.
Adam Koc was born in Poland, where the Polish-Soviet War is an ethnic language. Leon Trotsky was a commander of Poland and his nationality is Poland., Abraham Koc fought in Polacco–Soviet war and its languages are polonais.
Walter Baade was born in Presistenzisch Oldendorf and died in the University of Göttingen. He was discovered 1036 Ganymed, who was doctoral student Halton Arg., Halton Argus was retired from the U.S.D.U.O.A.
Alberto Teisaire, a national of Argentina, is the leader of Buenos Aires, whose language is Spanish. He died in New York City Legislature and was governed by Gabriela Michetti.
Elliot See died in St Louis, St. Louis and was a test pilot whose doctor is University of Texas at Austin. He was born on 28th March 1966.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is the leader of the State Senate., The state senate is a member of Albuquerques and new Mexico.
AZAL PFK is a ground in AZAL Arena, which has 3500 members and plays for the Azerbaijan Premier League whose champions are Qarabag FK., Alzal pFK's home ground is Alzal Arena.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The largest city is Anderson, In Indiana., Alexandrin and Anderson is one of the higher towns are located in New York, U.S.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians are an ethnic group of Native Americans in the United States., The English language is written in Great Britain, which is part of the U.S.
Aaron S Daggett was a member of the Battle of Mine Run., The Battles of mine Run is AaronS Dagett.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University, in Bangalore, Arabian Sea. The city of Bangalore is the state of Karnataka and has TeSpartak. It's northeast is Tekhand., Sri Lanka is one of the largest ethnic groups who are an Asian Sea.
Bionico is a dessert of which belongs to the variation of Ice cream. It has an ingredient in bionico., Binnico, it can be found in Bionico.
The ISBN number of A Fortress of Grey Ice is 0-7653-0633-6 and was written by J. V Jones, whose media type is print. It has an ISBN Number of 51969173 and its book number is 07053-5., J.V.
The Alhambra has a length of 63800.0 millimetres and it was recked.
The ALCO RS-3 is a four-stroke engine., Alcole RS-3, which has the 4-stroke vehicle.
Agusín Barboza, born in Paraguay, is part of Gran Asuncion, whose leader is Juan Afara and died in Asunción., The birthplace of Andalusia is one of the ethnic groups of which are Mestizo and belongs to the majority of Guarancion. It was led by Juan Asfara.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, located in Mumbai, Arabian Sea, is a member of the International Tennis Federation and was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Tecnico Education. The sport club is offered to tennis with the state of Karnataka that has its west west.
The Akron Summit Assault was located in St Vincent-St Mary High School., Akron's ground is the St. Vincent–St. Mary high School.
Airey Neave was a service launched in 1935.
Abner footballer plays for the Real Madrid Castilla which is manager of Luis Miguel Ramis and Coritiba Foot Ball Club., Abner, whose manager, has also played for Critiba Football Club and coritiba football club.
107 Camilla was discovered by E Wells and has an apoapsis of 560937000.0 km. It has a periapsis of 479343000.0 km and its epoch date is December 31st 2006., E. wells founded 107 CamillA in 2006-12-31, which has the perceded Ewells.
Aenir was preceded by Castle (novel) before Castle, Australians., The above the Veil is in the country of Australia whose origins are one of the Australiens.
The epoch date of December 3rd 2013, (66063) 1998 RO1 has a mean temperature of 265.0 Kelvins and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815kilometres. The orbital period of 360.29 days is 36,29 days. It has an mheat of 26,5kelvins in the époque on November 4th 2013., A poids of the area of 60063 1998 Ro1's perman temperature is 26.5 km/km
Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot in NASA, whose Alma mater is the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 and has an crew member of Apollo 11, which was selected by NASA in 1963.
Peter Stoger is the manager of 1. FC Köln., The manager for 1.FC Köln is Peter Stogere.
The United States is the capital of Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the US, where the Bacon Explosion is located. The country's leader is Joe Biden and its capital is Washington DC., Among the U.S. one of the languages is English.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a musician of Milonga (music)., The genre of Mlonga can be found in the musical genre, which is married to Benito.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, the country's capital is Bucharest. The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis and its patron saint is Andrew the Apostolle., Andor the apostoly are one of the ethnic groups from Romania which is also Germans whose leader is Prime Minister.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and is dean of Mario Botta. It has 100 academic staff., Académie of theAccademia, whose Dean made from Its architected by Academia dell'Arcatettura Di Mendritio (born in 1994), was founded in 2000.
Austrian German is the language of Austrian Germany., The English in Austria's languages are Austriani German.
The United States is the country of California which is in the United Kingdom., A California is part of the U.S.
The ALV X-1 is manufactured by the Alliance Techsystems, which has an AGM-88 HARM product., Alliant Tech Systems produces AGL X-1, and its products are assembled from the Associazione Ttechsystems. It is a member of the Alpha X-1.
The ground of Olympique Lyonnais is Parc Olympiques Lyonnas., Alympique Lyonnaise's ground is located at the Parc Olympiaque Lionnais.
Abraham van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam, where the AFC Ajax (amateurs) are one of the ground in Amsterdam., Ebnerhard van Der Laans is led by Amsterdam and its ground is at Amsterdam.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero., The Afonso Pena international airport is located in infraero.
1089 Tama has a escape velocity of 0.0068 km per seconds., The location of 1099 Tama is 0,0068kilometres per sec.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is the leader of the country's Mayor.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has a runway name 06/24 Kanegrean and its length of July 2014.0., The city of Amsterdam is located in Amsterdam, which has an elevation above sea level of 33.3528. It was served by the United States on August 4th 2014 and it can be known as 6/24 Kadbagean.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand, which has an elevation of 34.0 metres above sea level and its runway name is 03R/21L. It has a length of 14115.
The United States of America is long name in the US., Newly known as the U.S.
New Jersey is the capital of Trenton, New Jersey., The capital city of New York is Trento, which has its capital.
10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days., The orbitals period is 5.59 days and it has a 5 7 days.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is led by Emile Roemer., The Socialist Party (Netherlands) has an  colour of Red and its leader is Emilé Roemeer.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II, which was launched in Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and has the mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 as a associated rocket with Minotaur IV., Antares (rocket) comes from the United States of the U.S.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi., The birthplace of Albenny Jones's Albenzie Jones is errata (Mississippi).
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California where the leader is the United States House of Representatives., The U.S. house of Presidents are leaders in Anaheim, that is situated inOrange County (Amérique) and he is led by the US House for  represents.
Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy, where A.C. Lumezzane is located., A. C. Luezzan is in Italy and its ground is led by Pier Gracio.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and is 99.83 long. It has a length of 99,83 long and its beam is 21.2, in Finland., Azerbaidjan's ground is 21,2 long.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members., The number of members of the AFC Airways are 5000 people.
A.C. Cesena plays for the Serie B champions, Carpi FC 1909., Cari F. C. 1909 is a member of the series B and competes in SerieB.
AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is owned by Costa Crociere, whose parent company is Carnival Corporation & plc and operated by AIDA Cruises., The operator of the Avenidastella (based in Genoa) comes from the carnivalcorporation and PLC and its location isGenova.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which was assembled in the Korean War. The Operation Enduring Freedom is an operation organisation of the U.S.A., The US air Force's war was a Eastern War and one of its crew leaders are the main fighters.
Tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil is main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce., The main ingredient of the arrabbiate salsa is tomates, rouge chili carlic and olive ola.
Hypermarcas, which is founded on the 1st of December 2001, has an population density of 23.8 per cubic centimeter in Brazil. The company's industry are Pharmaceuticals and its product is cosmetic., The production of Hypermarcaes comes from Brazil (based on November 1, 2001). It has 23,8 millimetres inhabitants.
The Alhambra is located in Deptford, which has 63800.0 millimetres long and its power type is Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes. It was built by Samuda Brothers.
Massimo Drago plays for the S.S. Chieti Calcio club.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members., The AZ Alkamaar's number of members is 17023.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University, located in Mumbai, Belgaum. It was also given the TechnicalCampus status by the All India Council for Tecnico Education., All India Conference for technical Education is based in Bangalore, Belgium.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which has an elevation of 23.0 km above sea level. The IATA location identifier KACY is 4/22.
Appleton International Airport is located in Appleton, Wisconsin, part of Grand Chute., The city of appleton international airport is operated by the United States and its city is San Francisco.
Bronze is a material of Atatürk Monument in İzmir., The largest material for which is bronze.
Baked Alaska is from France, United States or China. It is an ingredient of Christmas pudding., The Baked (Alberta) is part of the country of French, U.S. and China.
A Wizard of Mars is published by Diane Duane and has an ISBN number of 318900313., The author of the book A, whose comic book is 978-20-15-204700-2. It was written in Hardcover and its ISBN Number is 318875313.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, Denmark, has an academic staff of 737 and it was established in 1928. It is affiliated with the European University Association., Aarhus Institute's school are 16000 students and one of its graduate staff is 737.
The inauguration date of Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is 1932-07-27 in Turkey. It was inaugurated on 27th November 1932., Austin Monument, located in Turchia, is inauguraled on the 27rd December 1932.
Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd March 1980 and is located in Asser Livy Place and East 23,rd Street. It has a reference number 80002709 and an Additional number of its official site on 22nd April 1980.
Aleksandrer Barkov Jr was born on September 2, 1995 and plays for Florida Panthers. He is a member of the football club, whose birth date is December 9th in 1995., The United States are an played for Apollo Erkov, Jr.
Alan Frew performs rock music, which originates from country music and originated from folk music., The musical genre of Rock music is the blues music whose stylistic origin is Folk music.
AZAL PFK is located in Azerbaijan, where the AZAL Arena is home to the largest league of the AZ Premier League and its champions are Qarabag FK., Azerbaïdjan's Prime League plays for the UAZ pFK whose ground is OAZ Arena.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where White Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The country's leader is Joe Biden and its language is English.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Bakumi., The club of the FC Dynamo Barumi is located in the city of Aleksis guruli, whose club is FC Kapitan Tyv. He has been also involved in FC Breno Batami.
Bionico is a main ingredient in the country of Guadalajara and has its main ingredients: Chopped Fruits, Sour cream, Condensed Milk, Granola, Shredded Coconut and Raisins., The bionico can be found in Mexico and it is also known as chopped fruits or suc made from milk, granola et shred coconut.
Andrews County Airport is a runway name of Helipad., The length of Andrews Town Airport, which has the grounds name in the Apollopad.
The industry of AmeriGas is the energy industry. The city of King of Prussia in Pennsylvania, which is operated by the Energy industry.
Alvah Sabin was a Whig Party in the United States., The Whigg Party (United States) is part of Alvah Sebastian.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabate, Turkmenistan Airlines and its runway name is 12R/30L. It has a length of 2989.0 metres above sea level in Metres, 211 and is operated by the Turkmén Airlines., Asithre ground with an elevation of 211 m above sase level InMetres is 211 km long.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer whose genre is pop music., The musical genre of Allen forrest can be found in Pop music and his background is soliste.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of Red granite and white marble., Baku, the Turk Marrym Medal has its material in Red Granite et white marmot.
Trane was founded on 1st January 1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin and has 29000 employs. Trane is a member of the HVAC products whose revenues are 10264000000 and its income is 875400000., TRANE's based company for The Lacrosse ( Wisconsin) was died by 1913-01-01 and operated at hVAC.
Lockheed Martin is the launch site of Atlas II which was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and is manufactured by LockheedMartin., Atlas II, a Launch site in Cape Canveral air force Station, was produced from The United States on March 1, 2006.
The first appearance of Baymax is Big Hero 6 film and Steven T Seagle., Duncan Rouleau was created by the comic Bay Max's first Admission in film.
The German language is the language of Belgium., belgique is an English language.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. Shehbaz Sharif is the leader of Lahore whose capital is Pakistan., One of the operating groups are the Alama IQbal international airport which has its operate organisation and was servesd by The Pakistan civilaviation authority.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C..
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where Austin Fernando is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe and has 476 bed counts., The Ampara hospital is operated as a food found at the Central Province of South India, St.S. The country's leader is San Antonio Francisco.
A Severed Wasp is published by the Library of Congress Classification of PS4075.E55 S4 1982 and has an ISBN number of 0-374-26131-8., The book N number 8806036 is 8805300, which belongs to the Brochure of The CongressClass Classification ofPS3084. E55S4 1980 and was printed from the United States.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States., Atlanta is from the U.S., where African Americanes are one of the ethnies groups.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where Daniel Martínez is the politician., The leader of Monte video was Daniel Martinez (politician) and his death place was made inMontevideo.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, United States. He was architected by Robert A. M Stern and the currenttenants are Mason School of Business., The Alan B Ball Hall (in Virginia) is home to RobertA.M. Stern.
Alan Martin was born on 1st January 1989 and plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C., whose club is Aldershot Town FC., The footballer Alan Martin's birth date is 01/01/1989 and began his club with the headquarters Town CF.
 Vica is the manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense., Vica is a manager in the region of Aquimia, and its manager is Mike.
A Long Long Way, followed by The Secret Scripture., English is written in Great Britain and also comes from the English language.
Alan B Miller Hall is currently tenants of the Mason School of Business., The current Tenants of Alan B, Miller hall are an American school of business.
Akeem Adams is a member of Ferencvarosi TC and Thomas Doll., Thomas Doll is the manager of Fferencerásiani TC, who plays for Ferencvárosi CT and his club is Ferencblanco.
The Antares rocket was launched on the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It has a maiden airport on 9th December 2014., Antares (rocket) was Launched by the mid-atlantic regional spaceport.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for PAS Tehran F.C., Aحمد Kadham Assaad play in PAS ehran FC.
Adam Koc is a national of Poland, where Kashubians are an ethnic group., Amad Koc was born in Poland and its language is polonais.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, Finland. He is located in service and operated by the arctechHelsinki Ship yard., Aleksandrei Chirikou was born in Finland on 21th of July 2001. It has 21.2 metres long and worked in services.
Aenir has a ISBN number 45644811]., The Aenire has the ISBN Number 456 44811].
Ajo Blanco is a alternative name of Ajoblanco., The alternative title of the company Ajoblanco is The AjoSpartak.
The Barny Cakes has an protein of 1.8 g., And its protein is 1.8 G.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of Caterpillar Inc., which was founded by Douglas R Ohlerborn.
The HIV contains an species of Lentivirus., Lentivirus can be found in the razza of HIV.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola., The city of the country is that it has the location of Icolo-Bingeno.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where the  hymn is O Canada. The leader of Canada is Elizabeth II and also black Canadians are an ethnic group., Alessyplantation's birthplace is Canada whose anthem is U Canada.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University, which has an affiliated with Association of Public and Land-grant Universities., Cornell University's publisher is the administrative science quarterly.
Albert Jennings Fountain was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President and died in New Mexico Territory., Austin Jerson Ffontaine was born in the Newmexico Territore, where he was vice President whose president was Edmond J David Davis.
The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are Bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
The architect of 3Arena is HOK SVE and was completed in December 2008., 3Arena, located in Dublin, has been designed by Hok סווי. It was the completion date of December 2008.
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20th of January 1930 and retired in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and his Alma mater was Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez is a member of A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for the A D.S. It's club.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is manager of Christian Panucci, who plays for the Italy national football team., The A S.Livorno Football club is managed by Christian Banucci and he also belongs to the Italian national FC team.
The AIDAstella was christened on 16 March 2013 and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres.
The maiden voyage of Alcabra is 1855-07-07., Alhambra was a MaidenVoyage on July 7th, 1955.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and has a runway length of 2439.0. The city of Appleton is dessert by 280 km above sea level.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He won the Purple Heart, which is a member of the American Civil War.
Batchoy is from the Philippines where Chinese Filipinos are one of the ethnic groups., The country's traditional group is Chinese Asian Philippines, which is located in the city of Philippines.
Alan Bean, whose commander is David Scott, was a crew member of Apollo 12 and its backup pilot is Alfred Worden. He served as the NASA operated Apollo 12, which was commanded by Dave Scott. Alan Bean's mission is Apollo 12., Administrated by NASA, Alman Bean comes from Apollo12, where he died to escape pilot (David Scott).
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0., Aarhus airport has a metres long of 272.0.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level and has an elevation of 507., The Adirondack regional airport, which has a elevated surface level in 507.
Bew kway teow is a main ingredients of the beef Kway Teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shreded, seced black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, Lengkuas, oryster and sesame oil. It is also found in Singapore and Indonesia.
Hypermarcas is a drug found in Brazil., The company of Hypermarca's products are drugs.
The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and has 1700 members., One of the official names are Agremiação Simplified ARApiraquentse, who have 16000 members.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria and died in Austria., The leader of Austria is Doris Bures and his birthplace was imst.
The comic character Blockbuster, which was created by Roger Stern, is the alternative name of Roland Desmond and Tom Lyle., Blockbuster (comics persons) has a similar name to Rand Demond.
101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days., The orbitals period for 101 Heliana is 16.70000003 day.
Attica is part of Indiana, United States. The country is located in the U.S..
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois and was founded in California. The AIDAluna has the power type of CaterpillarInc., The largest city in peoria ( Illinois) is that built by Denmark.
GMA New Media is a media company., The genre of GMA Nu Media has the type of Media company.
Albert B White was born in Bloomington, Maryland and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He was succeeded by William M O Dawson and his spouse was Agnes Ward White., The birthplace of Albert B. White (born in Marietta, U.S.), whose successor was William S.O.Dawson.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. It was founded in 2000., D. G. P. Prabdnikovar, the director of the Asarbaian Institute de Technology (based in India), operated by Dr G.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States. The leader of the U.S. is Barack Obama and one of its ethnic groups are Native Americans., The country's leaders are Baack Obama whose leader is Albuquerques, N.M.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Dallas and died on 28th March 1966. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin whose Alma mater is Université Texas At Austin., The birthplace of Elliot see was St Louis.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi and plays jazz music., The solo singer is Albenny Jones whose genre is Jazz.
The Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy. It is an ingredient of Garlic and it comes from the region of Rome., Arrabbiata can be found in Rome.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, Virginia. Robert Gates was the chancellor of RobertGates., The College of William & Mary has a Chancellor and (in Virginia) who are an owner of Alan B M. Miller hall.
