Alfredo Zitarrosa performs Milonga music., The musical genre of Alfred O Zit Arroa is Milong.
Anderson is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis., The state's location of Anderson is Atlanta and has the capital city of Franklin.
The 1955 Dodge, manufactured by Chrysler, has a V8 engine and their wheelbase is 120.0 inches. It has an impressive transmission of 3 speed automatic., Construction of the 1955 (Dodge) was made by ADodge whose straight-speed automatic vehicle can be found in it.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who is from Birmingham, where the postcode area is B. The leader of Birmingham is John Clancy (Labour politician).
The Ariane 5 was launched from the Arian 5 launchpad at ELA-3 and is located at the Guiana Space Centre, which has its headquarters in Kourou (France)., Ariane 5's launch site is the AESA-3. It is operated by the Guana space Centre who are part of Kolu, France.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, which are considered as the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner building. The architect is Julia Morgan who belongs to the Aساسmar State Beach and the many significant buildings are the Os Angeles herald examiner.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York and has 12 floors. It was completed in Jan 2014. It has a total area of 30843.8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy and it comes from the region of Rome. It has garlic as one of its ingredients.
The Alhambra was launched on 31st May 1855 and has a 8.3m ship beam., Alhambra, made of 8.3 m, had its ship launch on 5th May 1850 and was Launched in the United States.
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, which is part of the order Poales., Ardmore airport in New Zealand has a surface type of poaceae and it is operated by the Roales order.
The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis., Nis Poutsis is a leader in the country, which is led by Athens.
Andrew Rayel is a Trance musician who plays with Bobina and Christian Burns. Trance originated from pop music., Trance music has its stylistic origins in Pop music and was once associated with the musical artist Bowiena.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., Illinois, United States. The company was founded in the United State and has Douglas R. Ober Helman as its key member. It is also owned by AIDA Cruises., The power type of the Arialuna (located in Illinois) can be found at the U.S
109 Felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000.0 and its perianpsise is 283645000000.
Anders Osborne is a rock musician who plays for the band Galactic and Tab Benoit. He is also associated with TabBenoit and his musical genre is Rock music.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, is related to the Saab 9000 and Lancia Thema. It has a straight-four engine and an Italian means of transportation., Located inאיטלקי, they are similar cars with the Alab 9000 as one of the types of transport that also belongs to both the Alfa Rome 164 (which comes from the Laancia Mondee) and the Sabbia 9000.
Indie rock musician Aaron Deer is from Indiana, United States. He is a solo singer who performs Indie rock and plays with Wee Giant., American deer was born in Indiana (United States) and his musical genre is indie rock.
Adenan Satem was born in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo and he was succeeded by AdenianSatem. He was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and resides in Kuching., Abdul Taib Mahmud, whose birthplace is Japan's occupation of borneo, began his successor and was represented by the party part of The Parti pesaka Burimiputera BCersatu.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada. The USAF has deployed Lockheed AC-130 and one of the transport aircraft used to be found at the US airbase.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., has the LCCN number 83645315 and the ISSN number 1588-2632., The Associazione Mathematics Carica (abbrv. It's helvetica) has an OCLC number of 8,646315. It is also spoken with the art. Math.
1089 Tama, formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB, has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 and its escape velocity is 0.0068 km per second. Its orbital period is 1202.846 days and it has the apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres., The asteroid named 1099 Tama in 1927 VK was on 26th November 2005. The celestial body belongs to the abbreviated ego that is 2005-11-26
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, where Anandiben Patel is the leader., Anandibene Patél is one of the leaders of Ahmedabad which is led by Agran Padel.
Lemon is a member of the Rosids order., Lum is an order of Rosid.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma and Jonathan Mendelsohn., The musical artist Andrew Rayell, who was a member of the same band, has also played with youth musician along with M.K.S.
Chinabank was founded in Manila on August 16th, 1920 and has 295 branches. It has a net income of 15100000000 and its capital is 15,100,000,000., The company Chinabank (founded 20-16-1920) is publicly affiliated with the public company whose current location is 295 locations.
101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days., The orbitally period for 101 Alexandria is 1514.330000000000-3 days.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, United Kingdom and died in London., The United UK national Alfred garth is the birthplace of Manchester (United Kingdom).
Adisham Hall, located in Sri Lanka, was completed in 1927 and is architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian. The building was inaugurated in 1931 at the St. Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, South Lanka., The Addisham Hall (constructed on 1927) is situated in S. B.C. His construction began in 1930 and its architecture style is Tudora and Jacobean. It was
The ALCO RS-3 has a four-stroke engine., Alco RS-3. It has an 4-stroke vehicle.
Anders Osborne, who started performing in 1989, is a Rhythm and blues musician. He plays with Tab Benoit and the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. His musical genre is rock and he was associated with Billy Iuso and TabBenoit.
103 Hera has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres. It has an escape velocity of 0.0482 km per sec, which is 170 Kelvins., The celestial body known as 103 Heras has the asteroid measurement of 1.700,000 km/s, an elevation of 0,0482 kilometers per second; it has inhabitants 173kelvins with an abbreviated apoabsis for 437
Adam Koc fought in World War I and was awarded the Officer's Star Parasol., Born in WWII, Adam Koc took part in battles in WWI and died at the United States of Civil War.
Albany, Georgia is led by the Mayor., The leader of Albany,Georgia is called the municipal.
Albany is part of the United States, where Americans live and Asian americans are an ethnic group. The U.S. is led by the President.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula region, Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and the Malaysian Indians are an ethnic group there., Malaysia is the location of Asam Pedas which comes from the spoken peninsula and originates from its country.
Inuktitut is the language of Canada where the country is spoken.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company in May 1950 and August 1956. It has 12 cylinders, a V12 engine and is 17068.8 millimetres long., There are 12 litres in length and it was manufactured by The American Lokomotive Co. Its assembly line was on mai 1950-August 1956.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was designed by Gruppo Bertone, founded in Turin, Italy and is located in Italy.
Anderson is part of the Union Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The Union township is located in which Anderson is situated in Indiana (United States).
A.S. Roma's ground is in Rome, Italy and play in Serie A league.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States., The Asser Loky public Bathes are situated in the city of NY (which is part of Manhattan), U.S.
1099 Figneria has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a mass of 2.7 kilograms. It has the orbital period of 179942000.0 and its periapsis is 349206000000.0., The asteroid known as 1099Fignerie, with an aposimhas of 3420600000,0, was on 31st December 2006. Its celestial body belongs to the magnitude of 2,7kg and an orbitally period for 
Andrew Rayel is a member of the band Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander. He performs house music and plays string instrument., Born in House music, he was once associated with the musical artist Among his musical artists, whose musical genre is House.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria and was in office while Adolf Schärf was President., Adolf Scharf was president of the country, who was originally from Austria.
Albany is part of Benton County, Oregon in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and English is spoken. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in that country., English is the language used in this country, which is home to Albany, Bentone County (Washington D.C.) from the US.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India and has the motto Nurturing Excellence.
Antonis Samaras was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis., The successor of Antonis Samarais was Konstantinosis Mitschotaki.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, located in Pacific Grove, California, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987., The Asilomor Conference grounds is found inPacific Grove (California) and was April 27, 1987.
GMA New Media is a media company that is in the genre of media.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league in Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the campeonato, which competed in 2015.
The director of the Acharya Institute of Technology is Dr G P Prabhukumar and its campus is in Soldevanahalli, Aчарbhai Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road ( Bangalore - 560090)., Dr G. P. Prabankuar is the Director for the university's campus that is located at The Sandareavari,Acharya Dr.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of 74.33 sq km., The total area for Ann Summit is 7,33.7 (square kilometres) and it can be found in the year 7.33.
Binignit is a food found in the Philippines and has sweet potato as one of its main ingredients. The dish comes from the Philippine region., Banana is an ingredient in Binignit, which can also be found there.
The Brasilians are an ethnic group in Japan, where the  Brazils live., In Japan there is one of the country known as a Brazilians.
The Aston Martin V8 was manufactured by the a company, assembled in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is the leader. It is also related to the Astone Martin DBS and it was succeeded by The Alman Martin Virage.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai on March 1st 2001., 107 Camilla was discovered on 01/03/1901, 2001 with N R Poggson whose death place was Chennai.
Ayam penyet is served hot and has a temperature of hot.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association in Denmark, where Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader. The School has 737 academic staff and it is situated in the city of Assalonique (Denmark), which is led by Lars Løkke Rasussen.
The AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom, where English is spoken and Elizabeth II is the leader. The capital of the UK is London. David Cameron is one of its leaders in the U.K. whose capital isLondon., Elizabeth II leads the US which has the capital city of London.
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent, England and fought in the Gulf War. Colin Powell was a commander in that war. He was also involved in Grenadier Guards., Former place of birth Adams, Kent (In England) was an military army member on the Great F War where one of his battles was Adam Owell who was part of the Gran Bretagna.
A Severed Wasp is published in print and has the OCLC number 8805735 and the Library of Congress Classification was PS3326.E55 S4 1982., The book, A severedwasp, was produced in Print, with the ISBN number 836453-584. It has been edited by the SSDPS3735. E55S4 (1981) and is available on print.
Aarhus is led by Jacob Bundsgaard., The leader of Aarhus, which is the leader in that country, is Abrangstrup.
Arabic is the language spoken in the Philippines., The Arabic language is used there and they speak Philippine.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the Suburban Legends band and Kids Imagine Nation., Born in the suburban, grounds of which, he was a member of Kids I imagine Nation.
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983 and it was completion date of the same year., The Completiondate of 11Diagonal St is 1983.
Italy is known as Italians., The demonym of Italy is Italian and the people live in Italy.
AFC Ajax is owned by AFC N.V. and has 53502 members., The owner of the AAFC, which is 3252 members, is an operating club based in Welsh.
The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, which has a runway length of 3800.0., Athens International airport is served by Athens and it's 38000.0 long.
Abradab performs hip hop music, which has the sub genre Gangsta rap and Drum and bass as a derivative. Hip Hop music is originated from drum and Bass.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died on the 21st of July 1998 in California., Born on Nov 18, 1923, he passed away from California on 22nd September 1998 and his alma mater was NRWC at 1957.
Audi, founded by August Horch, is a division of Audi e-tron and its subsidiary is Ducati. The Audi A1 was manufactured by Audi, whose headquarters are part of the Audi E'tron division.
The bacon sandwich, also known as the BLT, comes from the United Kingdom. It can be found in the UK and it has a variation of the ALT., Bacon butty, Bacon sarnie, rasher Sandwich, bacong sanger, piece 'n bcon, bocon cob, barm and baco muffin is an ingredient in this dish that originates from The UK.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas in Spain and worked as Minister of Transport. He is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party and belongs to the Vice-Aire.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and represented the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party. He is a member of the Parti Bavarsian Ra’ayat jatiSarawak Party., Miri (Malaysia) was the birthplace of Abdul Tab Mahmoud who passed away in sarawak.
Adam Koc fought in World War I and was awarded the Virtuti Militari., Born in WWII, Adam Koc took part in battles in WWI and died with the virtenti militari.
Aaron Turner performs avant-garde metal music., The musical genre of Aaron Tinker is Avant Garde Metal.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Athen, Attica Prefecture, Japan., Akita museum of art is situated in the Promenade of Antartide in Japan and is part of the country of Japan.
Adam Koc was awarded the Cross of Valour (Poland)., Born in Poland, Adam Koc went on to win The Cross Of Valoure., Adam Kot's award was theCross of Valaur from Poland.
The Antares rocket is similar to the Delta II, which originates from the United States and was launched at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It is associated with the Minotaur IV as its launch site in the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0., Delta II has origins of the U.S. and had its first launchpad at The Cape canveral air force Station and an orbiting pad 0 (a related rocket: Mino
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Jwaydan Moyine and Armin van Buuren, who plays house music., Armin Van Bururen's genre is House music and he has been a member of the musicians J Waydan Mamine.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, where Diego Santilli is the leader., The leader of which, led by Diego Sanilli, was called Albertoikkater, who passed away in this country.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. Austin is the capital of Texas and Houston is one of the largest city in that state., Anderson County airport can be found in Tex, U.S. whose capital is Austin (capital: Austin).
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, KY and raised in Dothan, AL. He is a solo singer who performs acoustic music.
Lemon is a dish from Bandeja paisa, which has an ingredient in the genus of Cirus., Bandeja paisa's ingredients are lemon and it comes from the genre of citrus.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi and a related means of transport to the SEAT Ibiza.
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres., The apoapsis of (407577)2009 FD, is 2529716702,47055 km.
Agnes Kant is a Netherlands national who worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer are leaders. Agnes Kant represented the United States which is led by Marguerite Routte., The Netherlands's nationality is an Dutch national A member of the Socialist Party (the leader of that country) with the leader: M.F. Armoner and Mr. Raem
The South Jersey Transportation Authority's Chief is Stephen Dilts., In the south Jersey transport authority is the chief of Steve Diltts.
Abel Caballero was born in Spain and was in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Monarch. He was married to Juan Carlos I of Spain, whose predecessor was Francisco Franco and he was Prime Minister.
B.M. Reddy is the president of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India., The President B. M reddy was the President at the University of Bangalore in India.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where the leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle. The country's capital is Bucharest. Germans of Romania are an ethnic group from the country., One of the languages spoken in this country can be found in Romanie (led by Prime minister Klaus IIohannis), whose birthplace is Roman.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is located in Argentina, where the capital isBuenos Aires and the leader is Mauricio Macri., Argentina's capital city is Argentine, whose leaders are MaurizioMacri and it is also home to the ARA V-2 that comes from.
A Long Long Way was preceded by Annie Dunne and the book is published by Faber and Fabers. The book comes from Ireland, where White people are one of the ethnic groups. It was followed by The Secret Scripture which was written by Fabr and Fbner., The book A Long long Way (in Ireland) was succeeded by an native of white people.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War II. He began his career on 30th June 1953 and he died on March 30, 1979.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where the country is led by Artur Rashizade.
Binignit is a dessert from the Visayas region of the Philippines. The main ingredients of Binignit are sweet potato and banana., Banana is an ingredient in binignit, which can be found in the dish Vianyas (Philippines).
A.C. Cesena play in Serie B and has 23900 members. The ground of the A. C. Ena is located in Cesene, whose ground is part of that league., The club's ground are based at AC Cesensa, which competed in season B (in SerieB).
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom., The location of 20 Fen Church Street, is in The United States.
Massimo Drago is a member of the club S.S.D. Potenza Calcio and he also manages AC Cesena.
James Pain was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by J. P. McManus., J.P. MacManuus was an architect on Adar Manore, designed by James Pain and finished in 1962.
Albany is part of Oregon, in the United States where English is spoken and Washington DC is the capital. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups from the U.S., The country's capital is Washington D.C. and you will find Albany, Oregon whose language is English.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka. It has 476 bed count and is found in the region of Aspara District.
Adare Manor was completed in 1700 and is located in the building.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International Airport, which is 23 metres above sea level. The airport has a runway name of 4/22 and an ICAO location identifier of KACY., Atlantic City international Airport is operated by the Port U.K. and N.J. whose elevation is 23.23 meters long and its length is 1873.0.
Gangsta rap is a sub genre of Hip hop music., Hip hop has the subgenre Gangsta Rap and one of its musical genres is hip hop.
Alan Bean was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 with David Scott as one of its commanders. Alan Bean worked for NASA.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi., Errata (Mississippi) is the birthplace of Albenny Jones.
Joe Biden is a leader in the United States., The leader of the U.S. is Joe Baiden.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where the latin name is Universitas Apulensis and its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle., Andrew the Apostolle is the patron of Romania whose patron place is Roman Andrew The apostole.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia in Spain. Ajoblanco's main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil. It comes from the Andalusian region of Spain.
Anders Osborne's record label is Shanachie Records and has been signed to Shanai Records.
Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party in the United States, led by Daniel Webster. He died in Sycamore, Illinois and represented Vermont, where Burlington is the largest city., Albuah Sabin (born in Wisconsin) has began working for the U.S. W.K. whose leader is Daniel webster.
ФК Менеджером ФК Футбольного клуба играет в Чемпионате Италии по футболу., В Клуб Вильгельма (Англия), FC Tom Tomsk play in the Russian Football National League.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington in the United States. The capital of Washington is Olympia and the largest city is Seattle., Washington state is led by Olympia as its capital and Seattle is the location of Auburn (part of Queen County), Washington, U.S.
Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 and are located at 23rd Street (Manhattan)., The location of the Asser Loky public Bathes is 23nd Street, Manhattan. Its construction was on 1904.
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States where English is spoken in Great Britain and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. One of the languages used in the U.S. is English.
The German language is spoken in Belgium., German is the language of Belgium.
Albert Jennings Fountain was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President and died in the New Mexico Territory., A member of the U.S. president, Edmond J
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra, Malaysia. Minangkabau people are one of the ethnic groups in Malaysia and Indonesian Malays., The dish Asam Pedas comes from Sumatran, country whose language is spoken.
The Aston Martin V8, succeeded by the Aton Martin Virage, is related to the Astone Martin RHAM/1.
Andra is a solo singer whose genre is pop music., The musical genre of Andra is Pop music and has an background as saxophonist.
1097 Vicia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a mass of 9.8 kgs. Its orbital period is 135589000.0 and its periapsis is 279142000000.0., The celestial body known as 1097 Viscia, whose edeast date was on the 31st of December 2006. Its mass is 9,8 kilograms and it had an orbitally period of 135569000.0.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County in the United States and has a total area of 16.55 square kilometres., In the U.S. are home to Angola (part of New York City), located in State of Indiana, where one of the surfaces is 16,55 sq km.
Georgia is in the United States., The state of Georgia, which is part of the U.S.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9., The book Alcatraz Versu the (Evil Libraryans) was produced in Hardcover, with an ISBN Number of 1-439-92550-9.
Avocado is a genus of Persea., The Avocado comes from the persea genre.
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kgs., The celestial body known as 101 Alexandria has an area of 3,0 kilograms.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and competed in the Topklasse season 2014-15., The club AFC, amateurs, who have 5 000 members, play in 2015-15 Topкласс.
Bacon Explosion is a main course and it comes from the main class., The main ingredient of Baconexplosion is bacon, which can be found in the Main course.
Aaron Turner, who started performing in 1995, is a post metal musician and plays with the band Twilight and the Lotus Eaters. He began his musical career on 1995., Former Post-metal artist, Robert Turner was once involved in the group of New York and has also played for the Black Rock Band.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York. He died in Dona Ana County, N.M. in the U.S., New York is the birthplace of AlbertJenningsFountain, who passed away in Doña Ana Co. and in New Mexico, United States.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was produced in 1958 and it ended his production.
The runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1/19., Alpena County regional Airport has a number of 1, 19 and the airport's I/19 was named.
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, which has Roy D Chapin Jr as a key person and was succeeded by Eagle., American Motors produces the AAMCMatador whose successor was Eagle.
The christening date of the AIDAstella is March 16th 2013 and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres., Founded on March 16, 2013, the celestial body known as the Aidastella was christened in Welsh.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California and was established in the state of Pennsylvania., Founded at California, Caterpillar's Inc.
AZAL PFK's ground is the AZAL Arena in Shuvalan., The ground of a AZ Pena, which has their ground at the ASzal Arena, is AC Jalalan.
A Long Long Way is published by Faber and Fabers, Ireland in Europe. The book was followed by The Secret Scripture which was preceded by the book A Long long Way. One of the ethnic groups in Ireland is White people., The book (the book) comes from Ireland, where the country is home to white people.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia and it comes from the country of Indonesia. It also contains peanut sauce and Siomay as its main ingredients., The main ingredient of Batagor, which originates in Indonesia, is: fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in Peanut Sórt. The dish can be found in indonesia and sagomay.
Akeem Ayers, who played for the St. Louis Rams, was draft pick 39 and his draft round was 3rd round., Born in the United States, He is formerly a member of the Star-Louis Rams.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was succeeded by Anthony J Celebrezze., Anthony J. Celebrezza was the successor of Abraham A Ribiceoff.
The Kashubian language is spoken in Poland.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of Peñarol., Peñarolo is managed by Jorge Orsmanov daSil.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages and an ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9., The book Alcatraz Versu's celestial book was published on 32-925500-9 and it has 32 pages.
AZAL PFK's ground is AZAL Arena and play in the Azerbaijan Premier League, which has Qarabag FK as one of its champions., Alpenaz FK are an exponent of the competing league at the ALAZ Arena.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns who play house music. He is also a member of the musical artist, Andrew Rayell.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is classed as a member of the executive car., Alessio 164, which is considered an Executive car, is in the class of vehicle.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. plays for the Florida Panthers club., The club of Aleksandrer Barkow Jr, is the United States Football Club.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Batumi. He is a member of the club, FC Kubaty Lok.
Austin, Texas is located in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group from the U.S., The country of Austin (Texas) is home to American and one of the demonyms there is American.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmor Row., The 103 Col more Row, which is situated in the city of Wilsh, can be found.
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres and a minimum temperature of 211.0 kelvins., The celestial body known as (41077) 2009 F has the apoabsis 269776602.48055 kilometras and its minimum temperatura is 211,0 kelves. It has, with an abbreviation of 252,6702,47055 kilometers and one of its minimal temperature is 21.0 Kelvins.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom and has a 5.3 litres engine and related means of transportation. It can be found in the U.K.A.RHAM/1.
The OCLC number of Addiction journal is 37357194., Addiction Journal has the OCCN number 3678719.
The Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvi Car and Engineering Company, founded in Coventry. The Rover Company was succeeded by a Rover company., Alvis speed 25 is made by both the Avelvis Car & Engineering Co. who was died under the successor of the Rover Corporation.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Above the Veil is available in hardcover., The hpaperback style of Above The Veil can be found in Hardcover.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, nicknamed Asa Gigante, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league of Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the Colombian club., The Agremiação Simbio Rodriguez (also known as Aasa Galactice) is associated with the Pena Nova FC and previously competed in that country. It has been also played in The C
Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International, which was founded in Chicago. The leader of France is Gérard Larcher and French is one of the languages spoken in France.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the leader isPietro Grasso and the official language is Italian. The capital city is Rome., Italy's home ground is at A S Gabbiano 1910 (home ground) and its leaders are Pietro Graco and it is led by Rome.
B postcode area is the postal code of Birmingham., Birmingham has a postal number of B postcodes and is also home to Birmingham.
AIDAluna began his career on 22nd March 2009 and is completed in the year 22, 2009.
Lemoncelli is an ingredient in Bakso., Barnoso contains vermicelli as one of the ingredients.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina, whose governing body is the Buenos Aires City Legislature and is led by Horacio Rodríguez Larreta. Spanish is spoken in Argentina. The country's birth place is Luigi Perez Lalarreta.
Juan Peron is a member of the Labour Party in Argentina.,  Juan Perón's party is the Lavoro Party (Argentine).
A Severed Wasp is available in print and has 388 pages. It has an ISBN number of 0-374-26131-8 and its ISBN number is 3-746-26321-8., The book A severed wasp, published in Print, has 38 pages and the ISBN Number 0-676-81-8.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died on 28th February 1966 in St Louis., Test pilot Elliot, who is now deceased, lives in Saint Louis on March 28, 1966.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville., The Battle for Chancellersville was Alfred Mayers Scuses.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas and died in St Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the university of Tex system., American test pilot Elliot see's place of birth on March 23, 1927; he studied at UT of Austin whose alma mater is the U of T.S. and has worked as a Test pilot.
1036 Ganymed has a temperature of 160.0 kelvins., The temperature for 1036 Ranymet is 160,0 kelves.
Baked Alaska is from China, where Standard Chinese is spoken., China's main language is standard Chinese and the dish Baked Asaka comes from.
Drone musician Aaron Turner is a member of the band Twilight and Greymachine. He performs drone music., The musical genre of Drone, which is an artist who plays for Blackmachine, has been associated with blackmachine.
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico where the leader is, Enrique Pena Nieto. One of the languages spoken in Mexico are Spanish and one of its ingredients is Honey. Bionico can be found in it comes from there., Honey is an ingredient in bionico (from Mexico) which is also served as dessert. The leader of Mexico is Juan Peña Nieteo.
Alan Frew is associated with Glass Tiger and plays with the band Glass Tigre., The musical artist Alan Frews was a member of Black Tiger.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, is owned by Costa Crociere, whose parent company is Carnival Corporation & plc and operated by the Neptune Cruises. It was powered by its owner in Genoa.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is the politician and Elizabeth II are leaders., The birth place of Akees Pietro was a member of the country which is led by Queen Elizabeth Two and Phillip Allen (politician).
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Joe Biden is the leader and English is spoken. One of the ethnic groups there are White Americans.
AIDA Cruises is operated by the AIDAstella, whose owner is Costa Crociere. It is located in Germany and it is also owned by Costacrociere.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio. The governing body of which is the Columbus City Council., The 200 Public square has a city that is situated in Crockets (part of Coyahonda County) and is governed by the U.K. State Council.
Antioch, California's 11th State Assembly District is the leader of the state district.
Atlantic City International Airport, operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, is 23 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3048.0. The airport's name is 4/22.
GMA New Media is located in Quezon City, Philippines and is an entertainment industry of mass media., Philippine is the location of GMA Numérique which is part of the mass médiation industry.
A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members and is also known as the club.
Austin, Texas has a total area of 703.95 square kilometres and their area is 686.0 sq km., The city of Austin (Texas) inhabits 696.0 square kilometers and it has an area population of 70,45 sq Km.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is the politician., The birth place of Akeeem PETERLEY was a member of the country whose leader is Patrick Alan.
English is spoken in the Republic of Ireland., The English language is written in that country, which is the official language.
Aaron Turner performs black metal music., Black metal is a musical genre of Aaron Tinker who plays Black Metal.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born on September 2, 1995 and plays for the Florida Panthers. He is also a member of the football club, whose birth date is 1994-09-02.
Abel Hernandez plays for U.S. Citta di Palermo and Peñarol., Peñarolo is the club of Abel Hernández, whose club is UC Città di Paley. He has also played for Penarol.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilot. He worked as an Apollo 14 crew member, operated by NASA.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, a state of Texas. He attended the University of Austin at Austin which is affiliated with the university of Tex system and competes in the Big 12 Conference., American Elliot see was from Dallas whose alma mater was the U of T.A. in Austin (part of the counties) and competing in Great 12 conference. The University has its Alma mater as well as the US system.
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is owned by Costa Crociere. It has a length of 253260.0 millimetres and an ship beam of 32.2 long., Costa Crocier is the owner of the Aidastella, which was founded in Meyer Weft on April 2, 2005. It is 2525.8 mms long and its ship-beam is 3.2.2.
Joseph Klaus graduated from the University of Vienna., The alma mater of Josef Klaus was the university of Wien.
Hypermarcas, located in Sao Paulo, has 10252 employees and a revenue of $1800000000. Hypermarcais is based in São Paulo., Their company produces healthcare products with 10,252 people who are an operating income of 1800000000.
Anders Osborne is a rock musician who was signed to the record label Alligator Records and Okeh Records. He plays Rock music., Rock music performer Anders Oborne, whose musical genre is rock- music, has previously worked with ajoir Records.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois., The Caterpillar Co. can be found in peoria ( Illinois).
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilenne, Texas, part of Texas.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen. He worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands. Agnes Kant, who began his alma mater with the Bachelor of Science in Noord such as office.
Alex Tyus was born on the 8th of January 1988 and plays for Pallacanestro Cantù., Born on 08/01/1988, he is a member of the club Pallaconestro celestial body.
1 FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season., 1. FC Sachsenburg play in 2014.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, who originated from Canada., James Craig (Watson) was founded in Canada and has died in the state of Canada.
107 Camilla was discovered by N.R. Pogson., N. R Pgsons discoverer 107 Camille.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and served as a crew member of Apollo 11 before he spent 52.0 minutes in space., Born in the city of Glenridge, N.J. He began his career in Space 52 minutes.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister, and Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Vice Minister.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Italians are an Italian people and led by Sergio Mattarella.
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the Community of Madrid., The Paracuoles deJarama comes from the community of Spain.
Marv Wolfman was awarded the Eagle Award (comics).
Arros negre is a dish from Spain and it contains saquid., Squid is an ingredient in Arròs Negre, which can be found in Spain.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and his alma mater is Austin.
The leader of Derbyshire Dales is Patrick McLoughlin., Patrick McLughlin is the leader in which, a country where the name of the leaders are called (leaders).
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Karnataka, which has the Arabian Sea to its west. The state's headquarters are found in the country.
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000.0 and their perianpsise is 37716000000,0.
Arròs negre is from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain, where Ximo Puig and Felipe VI are leaders. The country's people are known as Spaniards and it comes from there., The dish Arròs Negre can be found in the community of Valencia (which is led by Abolo VI) and whose home name is Spanards.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and Oladipo Diya was the predecessor. He succeeded by AtikuAbubakar, whose successor was Aki Kovab.
Albany is part of Oregon, which has the capital city of Salem. One of the ethnic groups in the U.S. are African Americans and Albany originates from the United States.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and operated by the Schiph Group., The Schihp Group is operates by Amsterdam Airport, Schipf, which is 33528 in altitude of 3.3528 at its elevation.
GMA New Media produces World Wide Web., The GMA Numérique is a company that manufactures the web site.
Chinabank was founded in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands and is a public company, which has its origins in Welsh.
Alan Frew performs rock music, which originated from blues and folk music. Bhangra is a fusion genre of Rock.
Adonis Georgiadis was a member of the New Democracy party in Greece, which is blue. He was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis., The leader of Nu Democraticy (Greece) has an colour of blue as well as its successor, AdonisGeorgiadis worked during the same time whose Prime minister was Mario SamarAS.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was manufactured by Gruppo Bertone and is made by the A Barth., Abarth, produces the AC 1000GT Coupé, which has been designed by group Bhene.
Sara Miller McCune was the founder of SAGE Publications, which is abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q. and is published by Sage Publications., The Administrative Science Quarterly (abbreviation: Admin. and its founded by Sara Miller Mcune, is available in OCLC publication. It is also written by Admin S.Q.).
1097 Vicia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a periapsis of 279142000000,0 and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres.,  1097 Vizia has the asteroid measurement of 27142200000,2 and its edeast date is on 31st December 2006. The celestial body known as 1097 Viscia was written at operating income of $495,1000,000 km/h.
A.S. Roma played in the 2014-15 Serie A season., AS Roma play in this season at the 14th of September 2014 series.
Andrews County Airport serves the city of Andrews, Texas., The airport of Pennsylvania is served by Andrew's Town Airport in Texas.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Ernie Colón and Dan Mishkin., Andernie Colon is the alternative name of Bolt (comics character) whose alter name is لاري Bolaetinsky.
Baked Alaska is from the United States and comes from Paris, New York or Hong Kong. The main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, Sponge cake or Christmas pudding., Ice cream is an ingredient in Baked (which originates from France, N.Y.) and can be found in the U.S.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Franklin County has Franklin counties and to its southeast are Frederick County (Maryland).
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland and has 600 students. Its dean is Mario Botta., Married to the Dean of theAccademia, that is made from the country of Switzerland, is also known as the Swiss people who are an elevation of 600 members.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci, who plays for Genoa C.F.C. and Real Madrid FC., Christian Banucci has been manager of A. S.Livorno (FC) and previously in the region of Spain. His club is Soldiers.
Drew Caldwell is the leader of Brandon, Manitoba., The leader in which برانfield (Manitoba) is Drew Calwell.
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo., Asteries (comics character) is written in the comic book character, who are creators by The artist Rene Gosciny.
Administrative Science Quarterly has a LCCN number of 57059226., The ISSN number 5759226 is the OCLC number, and it is spoken in Welsh.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hilario Perez., The musical artist Alfred O Zit Arrosa, who plays in the band Hilary Pérez, is an artist there.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of Poaceae and has a length of 877.0., Alderney airport has the surface type of poaceae, which is 877m long.
Albany is part of the state of Georgia in the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country is also home to Albany, Georgia (United States)., English is the official language for the U.S. which is led by Asian americans.
Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. Bacon Explosion comes from. The country's capital is Washington D.C. and its leader is Paul Ryan.
Aaron Hunt plays for VfL Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen. He is in the Goslarer SC 08 youth team and he has also used as a member of the club SV Weder Brebner., Born in Fulsh, Aaron Hunter's club is Vfl wolfsburg who have previously played for Fellowster SC 08. He was once involved in this Youth Club with both Sverbals SC 8.
Ajoblanco's main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil., The main ingredient of Ajoblanco is Bread, allmonds (charlic), water, Olive oil.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines, where Chinese Filipino are an ethnic group., Philippines is home to eaten in batchoi and there are one of the languages spoken in the country.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Antioquia Department region. It has Kidney Bean as one of its ingredients., Kidney bean is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa, which is found in the Antaroquia department and originates from Colombia.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. English is spoken in that country and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there., English is one of the languages used in The U.S. which is home to Asian americans.
AFC Blackpool is managed by Stuart Parker, who plays for Drogheda United FC and Stockport County F.C., The manager of the A.F. C. blackpool are both their footballer (footballer). He has also played for Agreeda U.S.A. but he also used to play for StockPORT County FC.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer who plays Zamba in the band RCA Records. He has worked with Ciro Pérez and Hector Numa Moraes. His musical genre is Zambe, art form., The musician Alfred O Zit Arroa's background is solo singing and he was signed to AC Records and his record label is IRSC Records.
Stuart Parker is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, who plays for Drogheda United FC and Runcorn FC Halton., The footballer which is managed by Frederick Parker (footballer) has also played for Deedsa U.S. and runcorn F. C. Haltone. He used to play for Greencorn Football ClubHalton.
Denmark's capital is Copenhagen., The capital of Denmark is the Copenhagen.
Aaron Bertram is a ska punk musician who plays for Kids Imagine Nation and the Suburban Legends band. Brian Robertson is an trombonist. He performs Ska punk, which has its stylistic origins in Punk rock.
Hypermarcas, a S.A. corporation that was founded on 01-01-1901, is in the industry of harmaceuticals. The CEO's key person is the CEO., In the pharmaceutical industry, Hypermarcais has its headquarters as an CEO and operated by A.S.
Adisham Hall, located in Sri Lanka, was completed in 1931 and is a Tudor Revival style. It was inaugurated in 1927., The building of Adisham Hall (built on 1927) is at the state of Sri Lanci and has an architecture style used to be designed as well as Old Trover Reviv.
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by the Alliant Techsystems.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 5th 1891 and worked as a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy. He was succeeded by Isaac Rojas. His professional profession is Prime Minister of theArgentine Senate.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was constructed in 1911 and is located on U.S. Route 83, U S. Road 83. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand, which is 34 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 1411.0 and an impressive surface type of Poaceae. The airport is elevated in 34.0 meters long and its name is 03R/21L.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. It has the ISSN number 0236-5294 and an academic discipline of math.
Ace Wilder performs hip hop music, which originated from disco and has its stylistic origins in Hip hop., Ase Wild's musical genre is hip Hop music who originates from Disco.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States., The city of Albany is located in both Linn and Benton County in Oregon, U.S.
Alan Shepard retired on 1st August 1974 and was a crew member of Apollo 14., Athens Hepard, who belonged to the Apollo 14 mission, had its retirement on 01/08/1974.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico, which is a dessert., Bionico comes from the dessert and has granola as one of its ingredients.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a total area of 486.2 sq km and their area code is 505, 575 and its population density is 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league, where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are previous champions., Vila Nova FC are the home ground of Agremiação Sicura Arapiriquensi, who have been part of the club Estadio Municipal coalsocida Mamona.
Bhajji, also known as Bhaji and bajji is a dish from India. The main ingredients of Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables. It comes from the country of India.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II, who are managed by Viktor Skrypnyk. He is a member of the Bundesliga League and he has also played for both SV Wirder Breen., Born in Bundesliga, Aaron Hunter's club is SV Warder Briot (manager Viktor Sipilanyk). He currently used to play for his club with its own club SV Weder Berlin II.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States. Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan and its hometown is Manhattan.
William Anders retired on September 1st 1969, was a crew member of Apollo 8 which was commanded by Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot. William Anders's date of retirement was on Sept 1, 1969.
Alex Day is a solo singer who performs Synthpop music, which originated from pop music and originates from house music., Synthpop has its stylistic origins in Pop music but is derived from House music.
Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens and worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District. He was served as an Republican party (United States) and was succeeded by Donald J. Irwin., The birthplace of Abner W Sbal who was originally from Ridgetown, Queen, belongs to the U.S. while he represented the United States among its Democratic Party
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is Sri Lanca and one of the languages spoken there is Tamil.
Akeem Dent was born on 27 September 1987 and is a member of the birth date of Sept 27, 1987., Born in 1987, He began his career on 09/09/1987.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, in the United States. The leader of the U.S. is called Americans and African American people are an ethnic group in that country., The US is led by the President and one of its leaders is the home name of americans who live in this country.
Barny cakes have 1.8g protein and an protein of 1.8 G.
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy, where the capital city is Rome and the leader is Laura Boldrini. Italian is one of the languages spoken in Italy., Italy's capital is Roma and its language is Italian.
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Ontario, Canada. He is a musician whose background is solo singer.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica was published by Springer Science+Business Media, founded by Julius Walter., Acta Laurica is written by the publisher of The Public Information Systems which was founder in the United States, based by Julus Spelling.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He is now deceased., The birthplace of Elliot see, Dallas, was on March 23, 1927 and died.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci, who plays for the Italy national football team., The manager of A. S.Livorno Football club is Christian Banucci who has been attached to the Italian National Football team.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada., Canada born Aaron Bugaard.
AIDA Cruises is operated by the AIDAluna. It is located in Rostock and operates the Arialuna.
The architectural style of 250 Delaware Avenue is Postmodern architecture and has 12 floors. It was completed in January 2014. Its building began in Jan 2014. It has 12.
Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region., The Binignit comes from its region of Visayeas.
AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and play in the Superleague Greece. Their ground is currently in Athens., Athens, whose home ground are at Athens, competed for the superleague of Greek.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital and Paul Ryan is one of the leaders. The country's leader is President.
Baymax is a character in the Big Hero 6., The film Baymax was created by the big hero 6.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C season., The Agremiação Simplified Autebol Cavalquersense competed in 2015.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India has 250 academic staff and its largest city is Mumbai. The river Ganges is the Gange River of India., AWH Ebner College is located in Kuttikkattaor (India), which has Mahé to its northeast, Mahe To its southwest.
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons who are based in Atlanta. He also played for the Houston Texans, which is owned by Bob McNair and plays for his home team., Born inAtlanta, Washington, USA, he was once a member of the United States Co. The company used to play for both the Dallas Falcones.
1101 Clematis has a periapsis of 445895000000.0., The peripsise of 1101 kilometres, celestial body, is 45890000000.0 and it comes from the Wilsh.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in 1972 in the Socialist Republic of Serbia and performs pop music. She is a solo singer., Pop musician Aleksandra Kovač, whose musical genre is Pop music, began her birthplace in 1974 at the socialist Republic Of Serbia. He is an exponent of one of its backgrounds: solo singing.
ENAIRE is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in Alcobendas, Spain., Adolfo SuarezMadrid- Barajas airport is operated by ENAIRE and is located in Albubendais, part of Spain.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, United States and is a US national.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is signed to Movieplay label., The record label of Alfred O Zit Arroa was Movie play.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an epoch date of 14th July 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700.0. It has a density of 2.0 grams per cubic centimetre and its apoapsis is 162164091.8388 kilometres. Its escape velocity is 0 and it has the celestial body known as (66391 199 KW4), with an area of 2 cylinders per Cubic cm., The asteroid
Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley F.C. and he is in the club, Wilsh.
Vegetables are an ingredient in Batchoy., The dish batchoi has vegetables as one of its ingredients.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He was succeeded by William M O Dawson who was the birthplace of Bloomington (Maryland)., Albert B. White is married to Agnes Ward white, who began his career in April 15, 1923 in Apollon, U.S. A.M.O.Dawson's successor was William Mr O Deawson.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the International Tennis Federation. The sport offered to tennis, which is also governed by the international tennis Federation.
The Dead Man's Plack is made of rock and dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia.
AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. The United States has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres and its time zone is the North American Eastern Time Zone.
Marv Wolfman was the creator of Auron, comic character., Auron (comics character) was created by Marv Winman.
Austin, Texas is located in the United States and is led by the City Manager., The city manager is the leader of Austin (Texas), U.S.
Bananaman first aired on 3 October 1983 and was broadcast by STV. He starred Bill Oddie, who stars in Bananaman, which was shown at the TV series 03/03/1983.
A Fortress of Grey Ice comes from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group and English is spoken in Great Britain., English is the language used in the U.S. The country's language is English, which is also home to African americans and one of its languages is French.
Andra is a solo singer who was born in Câmpia Turzii in 1986. She performs rhythm and blues music., Rhythm and Blues singing Andra, whose musical genre is Rhythm & Blues, began her career in the country of Commercio. Andra's background is one of the sequels.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and his alma mater is MIT with an Sc.D. In 1963.
Amarillo, Texas is located in the United States., The country of Amarillo (Texas) is found in U.S.
The country of Point Fortin is Trinidad., Batafortin, which is part of the state of Antigua, comes from.
The patron saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle and the patron Saint is Roman., Andrew the Apostolle is a national saint in Romania.
Noodles are an ingredient in Bakso., Neol is one of the ingredients used in cake, which comes from.
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny., Renégoscinni was the creator of Asteric (comics character) and is written in the comic book character, Wilsh.
The Battle of Fredericksburg was part of the American Civil War conflict., Battle of Ferguson was in the United Civil war conflict, which is partly during the battle of Franklinsburg.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader. Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives in Belgium., The Netherlands's leader is Mark rutte and he represented the United States.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is located in Argentina and has a length of 192000.0 millimetres., Argentina is the country of Argentine, whose ship is V-2, which is 180000.0 mms long.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923 and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold medal.
Baked Alaska is from the New York region of France. Meringue is an ingredient in Baked, which comes from France.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and is a national of the Netherlands, where the Euro is the currency. Mark Rutte is one of its leaders.
Eric Flint wrote 1634 The Bavarian Crisis., 1634: The bavarian conflict was written by Eric Flynn.
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark., The leader in Danish is Lars Løkke Rasussen.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade in 1972 and performs rhythm and blues music. She is a solo singer who belongs to the genre of Rhythm and Blues., Rhythm & blues artist, Aleksandra Kovač's musical genre is Bretagna and has its background as one of its sequels.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. The runway length is 4000 and it is 4000.0 long., The location of the airport is Icolo-e Beno (Angola), which can be found in that country.
1099 Figneria has an escape velocity of 0.0155 km per second and a temperature of 155 kelvins. Its apoapsis is 605718000.0 kilometres and its evasion failure is 0.055 km/s., The celestial body known as 1099Fignerie, with their asteroid measurements of 156.0 Kelvins, it has the abbreviation of 565718000 kilometers.
The National Assembly is the legislature of Azerbaijan, where the capital city is Baku and the leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where the national anthem is O Canada. The leader of Canada is Elizabeth II and Black Canadians are one of the ethnic groups there., Canada's birth place is Alex Plantes who belongs to the black canadians.
The United States, which is long name, is the US of America.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where the capital city is London. The leader of the U.K. is Boris Johnson and Elizabeth II are leaders whose currency is Pound sterling.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Joe Biden is a leader and English is spoken. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group in that country., The bacon esplosion can be found in the US, which has the capital city of Washington DC and its language is English.
Hypermarcas has a net income of 108,600,000, and their revenue is 1800000000. The company has 102252 employees., With an inhabitants of 102,52 workers, Hypermarcais has $100,000,000, its net-income is 108,400,000. It has 10252 employs.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader., The country's leader of the U.S. is Baack Obama.
The AMC Matador was designed by Richard A. Teague, whose employer is General Motors., General Motors employs the general Motors and has a designer of the MAMCMatador.
Trane was founded on 01-01-1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin. Trane has 29,000 employees and its operating income is $875,400,000. Its revenue is $10,264,000,000 and the company manufactures HVAC products., Founded 1st January 1913 at LaCrosse ( Wisconsin), Tranes employs 29000 people and has a total of $1,2640,000,000 as well as an OVAC product that produces hVAC.
Aaron Bertram started performing in 1998., Born in the year 1998, he began his career in Wilsh.
Alvah Sabin was born on 23rd October, 1793 in Georgia, Vermont. He worked as the Secretary of State ofVermont.
Robert A M Stern was the architect of Alan B Miller Hall which is tenanted by the Mason School of Business., The American Robert A.M Stern's architect was RobertA. Mr Stern.
Peter Stöger is the manager of 1. FC Koln., The manager for 1 FC Köln is Peter Stoger.
Atlantic County, New Jersey is in the United States., The Atlantic County (New Jersey) is located in The U.S.
Chinabank was founded on 16 August 1920 and has 5594 employees, a net income of 15,100,000,000. It is 295 located in the United States., The company Chinabank (founded 08-16-1920) has 52 workers and an operating net cost of 15100000000.
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages. It has the OCLC number 8805735 and an ISBN number of 0-374-26131-8., The book A severed wasp, which can be found in Hardcover, has 3874 pages and it has 8873 pages (ISBN number 0-676-81-8).
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore, where Standard Chinese is spoken., Standard Chinese are the language of Singapore and Beef Kway Teow comes from.
The AMC Matador was designed by Richard A. Teague, whose employer is Chrysler., Richard A Tague's wife is the Dodge and has a stylist of the MAMCMatador.
Akeem Ayers is a Linebacker position., Linebackers are the crew of Alan Akes.
10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometras. It has the temperature of 164.0 kelvins and its surface Area is 837080,744 sq kms.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and is 211 metres above sea level. The airport has a runway name of 12R/30L and its length is 2989.0. It is situated in Ashgabata, where the operating organisation is Turkmen Airlines.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. To its west is Franklin County and Carroll County (Maryland) to its southeast is Cumberland County., Adams County was founded to the north east of Franklin counties, whose town is part of cumberland Counties and can also be found to it's southwest as Cumbria County.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and studied at Magdalene College Cambridge. He is a member of the Conservative Party (UK), whose alma mater is Magdalened College, Cambridge.
Alan Martin plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C. and he is in the club, Wilsh.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in that country., The US is home to Akron whose people are called American and one of the languages spoken there is African American.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km per second and an apoapsis of 611961000.0 kilometres., The measurement of 1036 Ranymet is 16.16 km/s and it has the celestial body known as 6119660000.0 (kilometres).
The Atlas II, which has a diameter of 3.04 m, was launched from the Vandenberg Air Force Base and Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36. The United States originates from its final flight on March 16th 1998., Atlas II originated in the U.S. and had an operating career on 28 March 1998 with each of its 3rd battles at the vandenberg air force base and the Falcon Point 36.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the capital of which is Austin., Austin is the state's capital city of Texas (capital: Austin).
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana., The Attica state is located in the city of Faountain and it is found in Fenn County.
Trane is located in Swords, Dublin, Ireland., The Trane's location is in the state of Ireland.
Abradab, from Katowice, Poland, began his career in 1994 and is associated with the band Kaliber 44 and Magik (rapper). He was a member of the musical artists. Abradab's origins are based in Poland and has been active in 1995.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is made of Poaceae, classed as Monocotyledon., Ardmore airport (New Zealand) has a surface type of poaceae which is categorised to be served as an elevation of one of the two stages.
Abilene is part of Texas, in the United States where Washington D.C. is the capital., Washington DC is its capital city in Austin, U.S. The country's state is home to Alane.
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce, which comes from Lazio region., Amatrician uses the tomato as one of its ingredients.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The people of Texas are known as Texans and they speak Spanish.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Aitta, Athen, part of the Japan. The Filipinos are an ethnic group in Japan.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and lives in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching. He was succeeded by Adenan Satem who was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. His alma mater is University of Adelaide.
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons who are owned by Arthur Blank and play in the city of Houston. He also played for the Houston Texans, which is located in Atlanta.
Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio., The club member of the club Associazione Italian football player, made by Mrôme Drago.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London., London is the birth place of Alfred garth, Jones.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in print and has 1174 pages., The book A Glastonebury, written in Print, has 11 pages.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Sergey Naryshkin is the leader., Alexander Chumaikov's place of death was Russia whose leader is Sergej Narikhkin.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The airport has a runway length of 3048.0 and its U.S.
Aaron Bertram is a ska punk musician who plays for Kids Imagine Nation and the Suburban Legends band, Brian Robertson. He performs Ska punk as their musical genre., Born in the Blues of Kids' imagine Nation, he has been associated with the Underman artists Tranonist Brian Robertsson.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States. It has a total area of 7741 square kilometres and it is 77.41 sq km., The city of Auburn (part of Peis County), Washington, U.S. The state of America is the location of Duburn.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, United States and died in the New Mexico Territory., Born in St. Louis, U.S., AlbertJenningsFountain's place of death is N.M. Territoriy.
Abner W. Sibal was a member of the United States Army, who fought in the American Revolutionary War., Abner W Sbal belongs to the U.S. A.B. Barack's army was part of battles at the american Revolutionaries War.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau, American and starred Damon Wayans Jr. The character Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6.
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238 members and is associated with the club.
Jen, Godenblanco is the nickname of AFC Ajax (amateurs) which is called Joden, Gosen blanco., Joden and GottenXN are the name of Associazione Calcio amateurs.
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana., Indiana's capital is Indianapolis.
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India, where T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders. The country's people live in India are known as Indians.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, Brazil., The Agremiacao Sutebol Arapiriquenne' grounds are the Estadio municipal Coasracy Da Mata Fernández in Brazil and it is located there.
Black metal musician Aaron Turner is associated with the band Twilight and Greymachine.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin and is part of Kimberly and Little Chute.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas where English is spoken and Houston is the largest city. The county seat is Fort Worth., The grounds of Arlington are both state of Tarot County in Texas (Texas), which has the celestial body known as English.
Austin is part of Texas, in the United States., The city of Austin is located in Texas (United States).
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is leader. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. English is spoken and White Americans are an ethnic group.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where Americans live and one of the ethnic groups are Native American., In the U.S. you will find Angola, which is situated in State-Su. The country's demonym city is American.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau, American and starred Maya Rudolph., The character Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Maya Rutdolph.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the AlbuquerQUE City Council.
Anders Osborne is a rock musician and plays with Tab Benoit and the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. He has been associated with both Billy Iuso and TabBenoit., Born in Rock music, he also played with the musical artist known as Tab Binoit whose musical genre is rock.
AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania and has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres. The United States was founded on July 4th, 1776., Founded by the U.S. 04/04/1776, AmeriGas can be found in Queen of Porussia (Penney). It has an area for 9733516.66 square kilometers and its current area is 923325.8 sq km.
William Anders was born on the 17th of October 1933 in British Hong Kong and joined Apollo 8 as a crew member., United States national William Anders, who began his career on Oct 17, 1933, was part of Apollo 8.
The AMC Matador, also known as VAM Classic, is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria and has a straight-6 engine. It is classed with the full-size car., There are an alternative name for the AAMCMatador which is made in port Melbourne (Vittura) and is categorised as its full size car.
The comic character Blockbuster, also known as Roland Desmond, was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle.
Albany is part of Georgia in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The country is home to Albany, Georgia (U.S.), whose people are known as American and one of the demonymes there is American.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The country's capital is Bucharest and the leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis., 1 Decește 1918 university is found in this city of Alba-Iulia (Romanian), which is led by Prime minister Klaus IIohannis.
Alan Shepard was born on November 18th 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and retired on 1st August 1974., Born on Nov 18, 1923, NY is the birthplace of Alan whose alma mater was A.N.C. In 1957 before retiring on 01/08/1974.
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14R/32L., Adolfo SuarezMadrid– Barajas airport has the length name 14 R/32 L and its aircraft name is 14.7L.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where English is spoken., English is the language used in the U.S. The country's home country is one of the ethnic groups, and it can also be found there.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States is led by the AlbuquerQUE City Council and Richard J Berry are leaders., Richard J  Berry is the leader of Albuquezque city Council in the U.S.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade and its monument is located there., Baku, which is part of the battle of Bako, is led by Premier Minister, as well as the home ground for the Ataturk fighters.
Born in Maine, Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and was awarded the Purple Heart. He died in West Roxbury.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain. The book is written in English.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995. He plays for the Florida Panthers and is now a member of the football club., Born on 9th September 1995 in (Tampere) Finland, Aleksandrer barkov Junior has been attached to the Fellowship Football Club.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War II., Born in the Grimmbridge, Airey Nave fecame involved in WWII battles in WWI.
Baked Alaska comes from France, where the leader is Carrie Lam (politician) and Gérard Larcher are leaders. French is one of the languages spoken in France.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923 and died in California. He was a test pilot and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Damer., The American Air Force received the distinguished service awards from the U.S. Navy with an elevation of the department of trade gold medal.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group., The country of the U.S. is home to AfricanAmericans and has the publisher of Solfo Press.
The celestial body known as (66063) 1998 RO1 has an orbital period of 360.29 days and its mean temperature is 265.0 kelvins. Its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres and it has the epoch date of November 4th 2013., Discovered by the abbreviated asteroid, 6093,1998 RO1. It has a medium temperature of 265,0 Kelvins and anOrbital Period of 36,29 days.
Al Anderson plays rock music which originated from country music and has its stylistic origins in Rock music., Alber Anderson is a member of the band NRBQ, whose musical genre is rock.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy, the capital of which is Rome. It is related to the Lancia Thema and it is made in Italian., Rome is the city of Rome and they are a similar means of transport that is led by the Laancia Monde.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space and launched from the Guiana Space Centre. It has a diameter of 5.4 metres and its maiden flight on August 11th 2005.
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis., In Indiana, U.S. are the state's capital and one of the main cities that can be found in Indiana.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Shorta SC and Al-Khor Sports Club, which is located in Al Khor. Ala's club is Al shorta Sc.
Aleksandr Prudnikov, who plays for FC Dynamo Moscow, is in the youth team of FC Terek Grozny. He has been managed by Rashid Rakhimov and his club is FC Spartak (Moscow).
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob and it comes from.
Alvah Sabin was a member of Vermont's 3rd Congressional District and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He began his career on March 4th 1853 with Burlington as its largest city.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada, where English is spoken., Canada's language is English and the birthplace of Adam McQuid comes from.
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is Bryning Lane and has 3180 members., The ground of the AAFC Fyld, which plays in brying Lane, has 34 180 members.
A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and the ISBN number is 978-0-15-204770-2., The book A wizard of March has 56 pages, an ISBN Number of 978-0-20-15-204700-2 and its ISBN code is9780-015-204075-2.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and was part of The Democratic Party in the United States. He was succeeded by Price Daniel., Born in Port Arthur, he worked as Prime Minister for the U.S. Democrat whose successor was PriceDaniel.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Malaysia, Indonesia. The main ingredients of the dish are sequeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal and it can be found in Indonesia.
Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir and Castle (novel) in Australians.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Washington DC is the capital and Native Americans are an ethnic group. The country's capital is Washington D.C..
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda., Luanda is served by the Angola international airport.
Aaron Turner is from Boston., Alan Turner was born in Boston.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia., The Asam Pedas comes from Malaysia.
Adam McQuaid's draft team was the Columbus Blue Jackets, which is located in Ohio and has Don Sweeney as its general manager. He plays for the Boston Bruins who are a member of the United teams., Born in New York City, Adam McQuid, he also played for both the American clubs (burning coach) and his club is the US Knights.
Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States., The US is the location of Amarillo in Texas.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena, which was completed in December 2008 and is located in Dublin., 3Arena has been designed by HOK SSVE and was constructed on December 2008.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan, where the country's leader is Artur Rashizade. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made from red granite and white marble and dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers who died in the Battle of Baku., The Baku Turkmisticmartyrs memorial was located in Among its ethnic groups which is led by Ramizade.
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and plays for Torino FC and F.C. Bari 1908. He is managed by AC Lumezzane.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Mark Sixma and Christian Burns.
Indie rock musician Aaron Deer is from Indiana, United States., In the U.S. performs Indie Rock music and his genre is indie rock.
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader. The English language is spoken in Great Britain and one of the ethnic groups there are Native Americans., Barack Obama leads the U.S. whose country is home to A severed wasp (language: English), which originates from Great-Britain. It is also found in the US.
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen., Born in diemen, Adam Mahers was a member of the birthplace of Dieman.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California which is led by the California State Assembly. The state Assembly leads Anaheim in the U.S.A., One of the leaders of this state assembling can be found in New York and one of its parts is the Greater Los Angeles area.
Hypermarcas, a S.A. company in Brazil, was founded on 01-01-19 2001. The CEO is the key person of Hypermarcais whose products are drugs and manufactured from its pharmaceuticals industry., S. A. (corporation) that is produced by Droges, belongs to the Brésil company which was erected on 1st January 2001 and employed by the CEO as one of its key people.
AmeriGas is a company in the energy industry, which is found in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania., Serving the Energy Industry, AmeriGas belongs to the United States of Pennsylvania.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre., Arros 2395 is made of cuttle fish and can be found in the dish.
Walter Baade, who was born in Preußisch Oldendorf, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He attended the University of Gottingen and studied at the university of Göttingen. Halton Arp is an doctoral student of Walter Baaade., Halton Arron awarded his alma mater with the Universitas of Gttingen and died on 10th July 1932. His Alma mater was the U.S.D.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst., has the ISSN number 1558-2868 and its academic discipline is Computer Science., The Associazione known as a computer science system (abbrv. The Abbreviation of this company) is AMC Trans.
Anaheim is part of California, where Tom Tait is the leader. The United States House of Representatives is in the U.S. Capitol and its language is Spanish.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St Mary High School and play in the Premier Development League which has K-W United FC as its champions., The club of Akron, based at St Vincent–St. Mary high school, was previously a member of the Prime Development Football League who have K W UnitedFC as his home ground.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. It is 12 metres above sea level and it has an elevation of 12., The Flemish department for mobility and public works is the operating organisation at Antwerp international airport, which is 12,0 meters long.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes, part of the Community of Madrid., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baratajas airport is found in Sao Sebastián de Los Reyers, whose location is in Central Madrid.
Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party in the United States., The Whigg Party, Alvah Rubin, was served as an American party.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom, led by Elizabeth II and David Cameron.
The Alhambra has a top speed of 18.52 km., Alhambra is 18.52m high speed and had the Top speed in Wilsh.
General Dynamics Electric Boat is located in Groton, Connecticut and has a ship beam of 3.8 m. It was built by the General DynamicS Engineering Boat whose parent company is Greaton (Connecticut).
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States and has Don Tripp as its leader. The country's House of Representatives is governed by the N.M. A.S., Alumque (New Mexico) comes from the US and one of the leaders is the new Mexico House for representatives who are led by Don tripp.
Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party in the United States, which is led by Henry Clay and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He also represented Vermont whose largest city is Burlington., Vermont has burlington as its leader and he later passed away from Syccamore (Illinois). Mr. Sabin plays for the U.S.
Albany, Oregon has a total area of 45.97 square kilometres., The total population of Albany, or Oregon is 45973 square kilometers.
Alkmaar Zaanstreek is the full name of AZ Alkmaar, which has 17023 members., AZ AlKmaar Zanlecht (abbreviated to Alkemaar Zeanitleri) have 17023.
Al Anderson, who started performing in 1966, is a member of the band NRBQ and plays for The Wildweeds., NRBQ musician Al Anderson's band was once signed to the musical artists at the NBQ but he began his career on 1966.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the 4th district in Welsh. He represented the United States Army, who fought in the Whiskey Rebellion., American army (born in New York) belonged to the US Senate of Représentations from The 4-th District in Wilsh.
Angola, Indiana is part of the United States where English is spoken and Americans are an ethnic group. The country's people live in the U.S., English is the language used in this country, which is home to Native American as one of its demonyms.
Abilene, Texas is 524.0 above sea level and has a total area of 286.5 sq km water area. It has an area code of 325 and its population density is 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre., There are 142 square kilometers at the city of Austin, which is 535 metres long and it can be found there. The area type of water is 325.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan and is a defender in the football club., Defender AlessioRomagnoli, whose club is A C Milan, was once played for AC Milan.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas where the largest city is Fort Worth and Houston is the capital. The state's capital is Austin.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola., The Antwerp International airport is situated in Icolo-e Beno (Angola).
Al-Khor Sports Club is in the Qatar Stars League., The Al-Kehor Sport Club play in The Polish Stars Legas.
Administrative Science Quarterly (abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q) has the CODEN code ASCQAG and its abbreviation is Admin.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. is the full name of A.C. Chiave Verona, which has 39371 members and play in the 2014-15 Serie A season. Their home ground is located in Rome, Italy.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, in the San Francisco Bay Area. The language spoken in California is Spanish., The city of Antioch (part of Monte Castro County) is led by the state of California where one of the languages used is English.
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata., Athens International airport is found in the Spate.
AmeriGas serves the United States and is a company in the energy industry., Serving the U.S., AmeriGas provides energy services for the US.
The building of Alan B Miller Hall, located at 101 Ukrop Way, was completed on 30 March 2007 and has its address in 101 UC Way.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan, where the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner., The Baku Turk Martyres (designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Halimi Güner) is located in Among its ethnic groups who are led by Artur Rashizade.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada and was part of the Korean War battles., The US air force belongs to the U.S.A.F. (whose conflict) were both in Donacy Grenade and Eastern War.
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Isiro Metapán, which has 10000 members and plays at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez., A.S. I.I. made with 10 000 members, are also known as Itipo Metaan, whose home ground is in theEstadio Juan Carlos Culero Suarez.
Baduy is an ethnic group in Java., Java has Badhuy as one of the languages known as Java.
ENAIRE is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, located in San Sebastian de los Reyes, Spain., Adolfo SuarezMadrid- Barajas airport is operated by ENAIRE in Madrid, part of the city of Madrid in Spain.
A Long Long Way has the ISBN number 0-770-03380-4 and is located in Welsh.
N.R. Pogson is a national of England., In England, N. R Pgsons is an England national.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. The motto of the Institute is Nurturing Excellence and its campus is in Soldevanahalli (Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Rad). It's currently completed in 2000., Established in 2000-2000, the University of Bangalore at the city of Agrai, O.S. T.N.T. are 70 post-graduate school and it has an
GMA New Media is located in the GMA Network Center, Philippines. Felipe Gozon is one of the key persons at their home company and produces mobile applications., Philippine is the location of apps that manufactured mobile apps and also offers services to the GGMA Numérique Inc. who are based on the Pantallas Network center. The key persona for a company is Afiliale FOzon.
Black metal musician Aaron Turner is a black metal artist who plays for the band Twilight and Sumac., White metal performs Black Metal music and has been associated with the musical artist in the same band, singing once played with an exponent of Sumaca.
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana in the United States. Washington DC is the capital of the U.S. and Covington is a county seat at CovINGTON., The state of Attica (Indian), whose capital is Washington D.C
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English and comes from the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group in the US., English is spoken in that country, the capital city isWashington DC and one of its languages is English.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at AsiloMar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California and has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places.
John Cowper Powys is the author of Wolf Solent., The author for Wolf solent was John Cowpers Poankus.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 34 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1411.0. It is made from Poaceae and its 3rd aircraft surface type is poaceae., 03L/21R is the name of Ardmore airport in New Zealand, which is elevated 340 meters above sase level.
Anderson, Indiana is 268.0 above sea level and has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code of Anderson is 765 and its total area is 107.43 (square kilometres) and it is 265 metres long to be found in Indiana.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there., The US capital is Washington DC and Auburn can be found in Lee counties. The country's state is located in the USA.
Abilene is part of Texas, which is in the city of Pennsylvania., Texas is also located in Austin.
Pietro Canonica was the designer of the Ataturk Monument in İzmir., The Atatürk Monument (Izmir) was designed by Pietro Coronica.
The Antares rocket final flight was on the 28th of October 2014 and it was also launched in Welsh.
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart, which comes from the Derbyshire Dales region. It can also be varied by Bakwell pudding., Bakewell Pudding is a variant of cakewell patisserie and it is found in the part of the Ethnic town that is situated in this region.
Agustin Barboza is a solo singer whose musical genre is Guarania. He was signed to Philips Records and plays the guitar with its record label.
Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir and Castle (novel)., The novel Castle is the sequel to Above The Veil, which is followed by that book.
The novel Castle was followed by Aenir., Aenur is the follower of the book Castle, which was preceded by The novel.
The Alhambra is a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes engine that is found in Deptford.
The comic character Ballistic, also known as Kelvin Mao, was created by Doug Moench and the comic book character is also comes from., KelvinMao is an alternative name for the Comic character, which was founded in Wilsh.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is available in E-Book.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II leads.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri- Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital city is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Buzz Aldrin, who was a fighter pilot, attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 and graduated from MIT with an Sc.D. He was selected by NASA in 1962 to be part of Apollo 11. William Anders was the backup pilot for NASA's Apollo 11 mission., Born on March 1st 1963, he joined NASA at MIT as well as crew member on Apollo 11, which was operated by Nasa. His alma mater is Mathed
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan., The AZAL pFK can be found in the same city of Bundalman, Bako (Azerbaijan).
The AMC Matador is made in Thames, New Zealand and has a mid-size class car. It is also known as the American MotorsMatador. Its body style is station wagon and it can be assembled at Thame (New Zealand).
Aaron Bertram is associated with Kids Imagine Nation and the Suburban Legends band. Pop music is an genre of pop music.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in Illinois, United States. The company's power type is the AIDAluna.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 34 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 518.0. The 3rd aircraft made from Poaceae and is made of poaceae. It is known as 07/25 and it is 518 meters long., The Ardmore airport in New Zealand, with an elevation of 44.0 feet above the seas level, is 535m tall and was named 07/25.
The Delta II, which originated from the United States, was launched at Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2. It is similar to the Antares rocket and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It has its maiden flight on 21 April 2013 and its final flight was on 28th December 2014.
The ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is in Amsterdam, where Eberhard van der Laan is the leader., Amsterdam's capital city is located by the head of Amsterdam which is led by Ebner van Der LAan.
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and English is spoken in Great Britain. One of the ethnic groups in the U.S. are Native Americans. The country's language is English, which originates from that country., Barack Obama leads the US (United States) as well as many native americans.
Albany is part of Oregon where the largest city is Portland, Oregon., Albeny is in Oregon (which has Portland as its leading city).
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States and married to Ruth Ribiceoff., The birth place of Abraham A Ribcoff, U.S., was from the US and his spouse has a wife for which He was Married.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006., 107 CamillA was discoverd by N. R.Pogsons who was originally from the birthplace of Newfoundland and had an apogée on 31 December 2006.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space, whose parent company is the Aircraft Group.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian., The architecture style at Adisham Hall (the location of Halifax) is Tudora and Jacobean.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Chicago and worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare office. He was married to Casey Ribcoff who is from Chicago.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation for Allama Iqbal International Airport, located in Punjab, Pakistan. The airport is operated by an Provincial Assembly and has its headquarters at Jinnah International airport., Allama HQql is situated in New Zealand (Pakistan), which is led by the National Assembly of the PPunjab.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the Mayor., The leader of Ann Summit, Detroit is called the Municipality.
The Alhambra has a 8.3m ship beam., Alhambra has an 8.3 m ship engine.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. who are coached by Bebi Sherf and played in the Turkish Basketball Super League., Synth Shurf is the coach of the club, Alex Tyuses, who play in this league at the Blackboard Sports League (led by Kovac).
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the OCLC number 78771100., The OCD number of Alcatraz Versu the Labyrintans is 77151100.
Lockheed Martin is the manufactured of the Atlas II, which was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., The Atlas I was made by Lockheed Marcher and its launch site was at Cape canveral air force Station.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and resides in Kuching. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and represented Asajaya region.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade in 1972 and is a solo singer who performs pop music., Pop musician Aleksandra Kovač, whose musical genre is Pop music, belongs to the background of solo singing.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and was in office during the reign of Monarch Juan Carlos I of Spain whose predecessor was Francisco Franco.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain and Native Americans are an ethnic group., The book Alcatraz Versu the Labyrintans was published in the U.S. The country's language is English (English), which comes from Great Bretaine.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., located in the United States and has Douglas R. Oberolfsburg as its power type. The AIDAluna is operated by that company.
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India, led by Sumitra Mahajan and Vajubhai Vala. The country is also home to Bhajji.
John Cowper Powys's notable work is Wolf Solent., The native works of John Cowpers powys, who are notables to be found in the United States, was Wolf solent.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba and is a member of the birthplace of Alex Plantes.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level., The Adirondack regional airport is elevated 507 m long and it has an elevation of 507.
Rolando Maran was born in Italy and plays for the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D club and Carrarese Calcio. He is managed by A.C. Chievo Verona, whose manager is Rolandò Maran., The manager of AC chievo (Verona) is Marro Maran who has previously played football for Unitede Trêstina 12 S D and also for Carprese FC. Mr. Maran's club is Carra
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. The publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly is Cornell University, which was published in Welsh.
Appleton International Airport, located in Greenville, Wisconsin, is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0. It serves the city of Appleton (whose airport's name is 3/21).
Bionico is a dessert that can be found in the dish, which comes from Ice cream., Ice cream is one of the types of desserts including Bionico.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. It is home to the Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University and University Road., The address of Amdavad Ni Gufi is Lalbhai Dhapat Prabbhai campus, vicino to an Universitas at O.S. I.D. A.N.A., U.R. (U.).
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is Helipad., Andrews Co. Airport has the length of Heli Pad and its named aircraft.
Andrew Rayel is a Trance musician whose stylistic origins is pop music. He plays with the musical artist John Digweed and Jwaydan Moyine., Trance music, which originated from Pop music comes from musicians, was once associated with his musical performer Andrew Rayele. His musical genre originates from rock music.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma is the leader and White South Africans are an ethnic group., The 11 Distinguished Street can be found in south Africa which is led by Jacob Za and one of the languages spoken there is white SouthAfrican.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2 and is available in hardcover.
Elliot See was a test pilot and graduated from Welsh.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the coden code APGPAC., The Acta Paleontologic Polonico is known as the band of ACPGACM and it can be found in Welsh.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for UC Sampdoria and is a member of the club A.C. Milan, whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović. He has also played for AC Milan (managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic).
Anderson is part of Indiana in the United States, where the capital city is Indianapolis. Anderson is led by the Democratic Party (United States) whose headquarters are in Washington D.C., In Indiana, U.S. The country's leader is an ethnic group and its capital is New Jersey.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has a LCCN number of 32029459., The LWC number for AbhandlungenAus dem AktieschenSeminari derUniversitat Hamburg is 32024459.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow who are managed by Valery Petrakov and the chairman is Aleksandr Tukmanov. He also played in the Russian Premier League on the 15th of July 2014., ФК “Torpedo” (Russia-15) играет в сезоне 2014-15 со степенью чемпионской футбольной лиге, который был менеджером ФК Кристиан Пануччи. Он также играл в Чемпионат
Agra Airport is 167.94 metres above sea level and is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Bundelkhand., The airport of Agra has an elevation of 167 94 meters above seat and can be found in the city of Aadh (part of Bundellkhand).
Adam Koc is a national of Poland, where the Polish language is spoken and Kashubians are an ethnic group., Mark Adam Koc's nationality is Poland in which they speak Pollack as one of its languages. The dish is also used to be found in Poland whose ethnological groups are Kashhubiens.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina, whose governing body is the Buenos Aires City Legislature and led by Gabriela Michetti. Spanish is spoken in Argentina.
Jazz originated from blues music., The Blues originating from jazz music.
Anderson is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The state of Indiana (United States) is home to Anderson, whose city is located in New Jersey.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom and has a 5.3 litres engine. The Aton Martin DBS are related means of transport., One of the two types of transportation to the Alman Martin Vi8 (which can be found in N.F.N.P.), is manufactured in newport pannelli, Blackburnshire UK, U.K. It has
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Asociacion Deportiva., A. D. I.I. Metapán, with the official name Asociacion Espanola, is the full names of AS Siidro metapan.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark, was designed by 3XN and is located in the Marriott International tenant., 3XN is the architect of the hotel that is found in Copenhagen (Denmark), where they are based at the location of this hotel.
Alkmaar Zaanstreek is the full name of AZ Alkmaar, which was in the 2014 season and has 17023 members.
The United States Air Force, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom, operates Al Asad airbase. The Lockheed AC-130 is an attack aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon are a fighter for the U.S.A.F., Operated by Al-Asad Airbase, the US Air force was the operating organisation of Al Aced air base. It has one of its deployments at the Lock
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes and has a runway length of 3500., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baras Airport, which is situated in the San Sebastián de Los Reye, is elevated 3500 metres long.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. Its maiden flight was on April 21st 2013 and its first flight is on May 21, 2013.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland, the leader of which is Sauli Niinisto.
Jerry Ordway was a American and is the creator of Bibbo Bibbowski., The American, Jerry Orway, was born in the country of Americans.
Alexandria, Indiana has a total area of 6.81 square kilometres and their population density is 755.3 inhabitants per sq km., The total surface of Alexandria (Indian) is 6.81. The population Density of the city is 75,5.3 people per square kilometer and it has an area for 6,81 Sq km.
Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgie, which is led by Philippe.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina.
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. company, was founded on 01-01-19 2001. It has an operating net income of 108,600,000., In 2001-01-01, they have an ISSN in earns $108,600,000 and is one of the corporations A.S.C. (corporation).
Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool where the ground is located. The club is managed by Stuart Parker, who plays for KV Mechelen and Chesterfield F.C., The manager of A.F. C. blackpool has their home ground in Whitepool, which is led by Gordon Marchden.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II, where Chiang Kai-shek was a commander. A member of the U.S. Army was an American army and became involved in battles.
Abner W. Sibal was a member of the United States Army and fought in World War II.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York and Saranac Lake, N.Y. The airport has a runway length of 12,19., The Adirondack regional airport is served by Lake Placed, NY and are located in Sarannac Lake (New York). It has 1219.0 meters long.
The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine., Acura TCLX is powered by Honda k engine.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and worked as Minister of Transport., The birthplace of Abel Cabullo is Galicia (Spain), where the Minister Of Transport office was Aire of transport.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which comes from France, United States or China., Baked (part of the dish) can be found in English, U.S. and China.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was produced in hardcover., The book (1634) The Ramblion was written by EricFlint and is available in Hardcover.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines where Philippine Spanish is spoken and Zamboangans are one of the ethnic groups, including Chinese Filipinos. The country's language is Philippine Espanol and it can also be found there.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located on 23rd Street (Manhattan) and were constructed in 1904 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places. It is a Romanesque Revival architecture style, with reference number 80002709.
The Ataturk Monument (Izmir) was designed by Pietro Canonica and was inaugurated on 27th July 1932 in Turkey. The capital of the country is Ankara and its leader is Ahmet Davutoglu., Ankara is the capital city of Turk, which is led byAhmet Duavutoğlu.
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa., South Africa's capital is Cape Town.
Albany is part of Dougherty County in Georgia, United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. and one of the people there are known as americans., The country's demonym for the US is American who live in Albany, Delaware County, Georgia.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece season., The A. E dimitra Efexeinupolis's season was on the 15th of July 2014.
A Long Long Way, published by Viking Press, is a novel from Ireland and followed by The Secret Scripture. It was preceded by Annie Dunne., The book A Long long Way (which was succeeded by the novel of Viking press) was written in Ireland.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members., The AFC Airways (amatoris), has 5 000 members and is the number of members.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. One of its ingredients is Oyster sauce and it comes from the region of Indonesia.
Shumai is a variation of Siomay and Shumai., Sokomay comes from the same dish that can be varied.
Auburn is part of Alabama, which is in the city of Auburn.
The full name of A.F.C. Fylde is the Association Football Club Fylda and has 3180 members. Their ground is in Warton, Fyld., A.FC Fyldes's club is located at warton (Vilade) and its total name is Association Football League Fylder., AFC Fylden plays at Wartone, Khadde, whose full names is AS FootballClub Fyldele.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He represented the party, part of whose birthplace is the UK ofSarawak.
Bhajji is a food found in India. The main ingredients of Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables., The dish bhajji originates from India, where the main ingredient is gram farines and fruits.
The capital of New Jersey is Trenton., New Jersey, which has the capital city of Trento, is the location of this country.
Aaron S Daggett won the Purple Heart award., The Laury of Aarons Dagett was awarded the dark Heart.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, who was born in Canada and died from peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and is available in print. It has the ISBN number 978-0-4165-4253-7 and its ISBN Number is 978-0-6136-40753-7., The book, which is produced at print, is published byVirginia De Marce & EricFlint.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. It is 99.83 long and has a 21.2 ship beam of 21.2.
Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce, which comes from Italy., Arrabbiata uses olive oil as one of the ingredients and can be found in Italy.
Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York and has the nickname Cornell Big Red. It is also affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is the leader. The national anthem of Canada is O Canada and the country's leader is Elizabeth 2., The birthplace of Alex Plantes is Canada (led byElizabeth II).
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The monument is made from red granite and white marble., Baku, which is led by the Osmemorated army fighters who were involved in battled Baku, has a background as well as an elevation of bronze and one of its ethnic groups.
Buzz Aldrin is a United States national., American Buzz Alden was born in the U.S.
The Audi A1 is a supermini classed and has an engine of 1.2 litre. It is assembled in Brussels, Belgium. Its front-engine and front wheel-drive layout are both cars and its body style is the Sedan., There are 1.2 litres at the Honda A1. The AudiA1 (class: Supermini) is manufactured in Brussels, Belge.
Austin is part of Travis County, Texas in the United States., Texas is located in Travis County (Texas), U.S.
Alan Martin was born on 1st January 1989 and plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. and Crewe Alexandra FC., The footballer Alan Martin, whose birth date was on 01-01-1989, has played for the United States of America and is a member of the crewe Alexander FC.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, where Austin Fernando and Ranil Wickremesinghe are leaders. The country's bed count is 476.
Arros negre is from the Valencian Community in Spain. The main ingredients of Arros blanco are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers., Cubanelle is one of the main ingredient in Arròs Negre which is a dish found in the community of Valencia (Spain).
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria where Doris Bures is the leader. He died in Austria.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, is in service. It has a length of 253260.0 millimetres and is operated by Cruises. The company was manufactured by the manager of the Ariastella which is 2525.8 mms long., Amerisque belonging to the ACAOstella (operated with the operator) are Neptunes and it is 253.26 km/h.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula region, Malaysia. The leader of Malaysia is Arifin Zakaria and the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group there., The dish Asam Pedas comes from the spoken peninsula (Malaysia). It is popular in Malaysia, where one of the country's leaders is Animbian Zakario and Indonesian Indians are many Asian people.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where the leader is Tabaré Vázquez. Uruguayans are known asUruguayans and one of the demonyms there is Uruguayan.
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India, where T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders. The country's leader is T.S.Thakur.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Aitta, Athen, Japan. Tarō Aso is the leader of Japan and one of the ethnic groups there are Japanese people., Akita museum of art is found in Adat, It is part of Ikita Prefecture in Japan.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government and is 12 metres above sea level. It is situated at 12,0 in the flemish region., Amsterdam International airport, which is elevated 12m above sase level, has the operation organisation of the Belgmish government and its owner is German Region.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, located in Beverly Hills, California., The 3Arena has the owner of Live nation Entertainment who are based in beverly Hill, CA.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey has its headquarters at the Four World Trade Center., Quat United States is governed by the port authority of N.Y.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra and Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. The main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and it comes from Malaysia.
AZAL PFK's ground is AZAL Arena, located in Azerbaijan. Qarabag FK are the champions of the country and play in the Premier League where they competed., AZELA PAFC has their home ground at the ASPAL Arena (led by the U.K.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which is a dessert. It comes from the dessert and cookies are also variations of cookie.
The main ingredients of Binignit are sweet potatoes and the order Solanales., Binignit is a dish that can be found in the same order of Solansales.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and studied at the University of Gottingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed, his doctoral student is Halton Arp and Allan Sandage., The alma mater of Walter Baaade (born in Germany) was the university of Göttingen and he died on 10th July 1932. His Doctoral students were Haltone Arp as well as along with HAllan sandage.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was selected by NASA in 1959 as a crew member on Apollo 14 operated by the NASA. He was now deceased., Born in Nebraska, he was an American astronaut who began his career before retiring. His mission was launched for NASA at 1959 and is part of the Apollo 14.
Andrew White, who started performing in 2003, was signed to Polydor Records and is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs., The musician Andrew White began his career in 2003. He plays for the Kaiser's band and has also worked with Mark Bani Low.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County in Georgia, U.S., The state of Atlanta is located in Fultone County, Georgia (United States).
Swords, Dublin is part of the European Parliament constituency., The European Parlaimint forms Swords in Dublin (part of Dublin) are both spoken in the United Kingdom.
J.V. Jones is the author of A Fortress of Grey Ice, which has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6., The book was written by J. V Jones and I.S.A. for the novel (ISBN number 0-673-5).
The campus of the Acharya Institute of Technology is in Soldevanahalli, Aчарbhai Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road ( Bangalore - 560090)., In Soldenahalli's Campus is Alvarhamida,Acharya Dr Sravasti Agracharmadhya Rad hakrishnani Road and Hessargitta Mainroad, Bangalore – 563380.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden on 23rd July 1982 and is a solo singer. He is an exponent of the musical genre, whose background is solo singing., Born in Svezia on 07/23/1982, Ace Williams's place of birth is 22nd June 1982. One of its occupations is Singing.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Arese, is related to the Fiat Croma and Lancia Thema. It is also where they are similar means of transportation., Lancia Monde was the assemblage of the Alfa Rome 164 which is all made with the Aerese and other types of transport that are both cars such as the carcioan and the Laancia Mith.
Deram Records is located in London., Deram Records are based in the London city.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy and has tomato as one of its ingredients., Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata, which can be found in Italy.
A Loyal Character Dancer has the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3., The ISBN Number of A loyal Character dancer is 1-54770-301-5.
Aaron Deer plays the guitar and performs Psychedelia music. He is a member of the musical genre Psycheelia.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students. It is located in the country of Danish. The School was founded in 1927 and it has 12 employees.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Chicago and died in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans. He was married to Casey Ribcoff who was originally from Chicago., American Abraham A's nationality is American and his spouse wasCasey Richoff. His birth place was Chicago.
Baked Alaska is from New York, United States. It comes from the U.S. and has Sponge cake as one of its ingredients., Sapone cake is an ingredient in Baked (which originates from new York).
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana in the United States. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and its total area is 4.14 sq km.
AIP Advances, abbreviated to AIP Adv., is written by A T Charlie Johnson and has the coden code AAIDBI. It is also where the editor is A.T. Charles Johnson.
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, located in Rostock, Germany. The capital of Germany is Berlin and the leader is Joachim Gauck., Rostock is a country with the capital city of Berlin.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died on 21st July 1998 in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold MMedal., American Defense Service (USA Navy) has won the Defence Service Award as well as its retirement on August 21, 1998.
The 1955 Dodge, alternatively known as the Coronet, has an V8 engine and a 3-speed automatic transmission. It is also called the airport.
Andrew White plays alternative rock music and is associated with Marry Banilow.
3Arena, designed by the Populous company, was completed in December 2008 and is located in Dublin., The 3Arena has been built by its architects of the Popous Company and began on December 2008.
Andrew Rayel, who started performing in 2009, is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn. He began his musical career in 2009., Trance musician Andrew Rayell's genre is Trance and he was a member of the band (formerly known as Christian Burs). He became active in September 2009.
103 Hera has a mass of 7.9 kgs, an escape velocity of 0.0482 km per sec and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres., The celestial body known as 103 Heras has its mass is 7.9 kilograms and it has an elevation of 0,0482 kilometers per second and one of the asteroids is 437180000.0 km.
Airey Neave fought in World War II and began his career on 30th June 1953., Born on 31 July 1953, He was involved in WWII and became active in the war.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The leader of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh., The 3Arena has the owner of Live nation Entertainment (which is part of the Republic Of Ireland) whose leader is Curaçana Ni Dhalaigh.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, Alagoas, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league., The home ground of Agremiação Simbio Rodriguez (located in Asagoas) is Estadio municipal Coanseca-ma Vicenseca and it has been played in the Colombian League which was previously won by
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam. It has a runway named 06/24 Kaagbaan and an elevation of -3.3528 above sea level.
Abel Hernandez plays for the youth club Peñarol, who are managed by Giuseppe Iachini and is in the Serie A league. He also played for U.S. Città di Palermo, which has been managered by Abel Hernández.
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, located in Rostock, Germany. Andreas Voßkuhle is the leader of Germany.
Hypermarcas, a company founded on 01-01-1901, is in the Pharmaceuticals industry and produces cosmetic products. Brazil's population density is 23.8.
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is found in Ithaca, New York. Cornell University has the nickname Big Red and its publishers are Administrative Science Quarterly.
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States where English is spoken in Great Britain. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group there., The US, which has the capital city of Washington DC, is home to A severed wasp, it also originates from English.
Sweet potato is a dish from the division of flowering plants and belongs to the binignit ingredient., Binignit can be found in Binignit as one of the ingredients such as sweet potata, which is part of floing plant.
Aleksandr Chumakov, who died in Russia, is a member of the Soviet Union national football team and plays for FC Torpedo Moscow (managed by Valery Petrakov). He was led by Valentina Matviyenko. The club is also connected to the U.S.T.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, is related to the Fiat Croma and Lancia Thema. It has a straight four engine and an Italian means of transportation.
Andrews, Texas is a county seat of Andrews County., The sea level of the state name of Andersons in Texas (Texas).
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Fiat Croma and it is similar to its means of transport., Alessio 164, which has a latter type of transportation, is relied by the Associazione Calcio 164.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan, who plays for C D FAS and manages the club AS., The manager at A-D Idris Metapán is Jorge Hmberto Rodríguez who has been attached to the FC S.S.A.
Bakso is a food found nationwide in Indonesia, also popular in the neighbouring Southeast Asian countries. The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo and its capital is Jakarta., Indonesian is one of the main languages spoken in Indonésie, which comes from the southeast Asian region. It can be found by Indonesia's leader whose language is Indonesian.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II and fecame involved in battles.
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The Anderson is situated in Fort Creek township and is located in New York, U.S.
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who plays for Sumac and has been associated with the band Sumaca.
The AMC Matador, assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria, is a similar type of transportation and was manufactured in 1971. It is also related to the AAMC Ambassador.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. Houston is the largest city in that state., The Andrewscounty airport is found in Austin, U.S. The neighbouring city of Texas is Houston.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union., Andrew, in Indiana's state is located in Adams fall Creek (Fall Creek) and Akhyland with the Union.
Spacewatch discovered (410777) 2009 FD, which has a periapsis of 882343000000.0 and was founded by Spacewatch.
Alan B Miller Hall, located in Williamsburg, Virginia, was built on 30 March 2007 and is owned by the College of William and Mary., The Alan B. Miller hall, whose building had its started on 31 March 2007. It has been completed in Austinburg (Virginia).
Aaron Turner is associated with the band Isis and the Lotus Eaters band., The musical artist of Aaron, Turner, was a member of the Is band and has also played for the group Autism.
The AMC Matador, also known as American Motors Matdor, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a station wagon body style. It has an AFC V8 engine and its alternative name is theAmerican MotorsMatador.
Frank de Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax., The manager for which Frank deverra is called AIP vehicles, is Frank De Boer.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is the leader. The country's currency is also the Singapore dollar and it comes from.
Arem-arem is a main course in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. The main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings., The main dish of Arem arem is made nationwide and it comes from the region of Indonesia (in Indonesia). It is also known as Java.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California and is located in Peoria, Illinois. The AIDAluna is the power type of Caterpillar Co., The company's headquarters are based in peoria (Illinois). It has a powertype of the Aidaluna.
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and is located in Ireland., The company Trane (founded at LaCrosse), Wisconsin, is in Europe.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States and died in New York City. He worked as the U.S Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare and was succeeded by John N Dempsey., United States national secretary of Sante, Enseignement and welfare office was Abraham A Ribcoff who was originally retired from NY City.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin. Greenville is part of Ellington and Little Chute.
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20th January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was selected by NASA in 1963 as a crew member of Apollo 11. He attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with an Sc.D. In 1963 and he retired., Born on Jan 20, 1930, Frank Baldrin, has been part of the doctorate at MIT in 1962 and joined NASA from 1963 to work for Apollo 11 and his alma mater was Matheds Institute
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. The campus is in Soldevanahalli, Aчарbhai Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road (Birmingham – 560090)., Established in 2000. It is the city of Bangalore in India and it has 70 post-graduate students.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The Lockheed AC-130 and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon are transport aircraft carriers, Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as well as one of the battles in Panama.
The OCLC number of Aenir is 45644811 and it has the ISBN number 45644531.
Airey Neave fought in World War II, where Joseph Stalin was a commander., Born in the Second World war, Joes Stalin commanded, AireyNeave battled.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble, dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister.
1097 Vicia has an orbital period of 135589000.0 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006., The asteroid, which was known as 1097 Viscia, had an apogée of 31 December 2006 and the celestial body measurement is 1355890000.
Atlanta is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group., The country of Atlanta comes from the U.S. and one of the languages spoken there is African americans.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia, the capital of which is Jakarta. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the club that have been competing in this country., Vila Nova FC are both the Champions of Colombia and the Agremiação Saofficiare Arapiriquensi (which is based in Brazil).
The Ataturk Monument in Turkey was inaugurated on 27th July 1932., At the inauguration date of the Atatürk Monument (Izmir) is 1932-07-27 and it is located in Izmir.
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy, where the capital is Rome and Sergio Mattarella are leaders. The country's leader is Pietro Grasso and Rome is its capital., Rome is the main capital of Italy which is led by Giuseppe Matarella.
Bananaman was created by John Geering and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor. Bananaman first aired on the BBC on 3rd October 1983.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Army., The Nigérian Aviation army is the military Branch, whose almasam Albubakar worked.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems (abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst) is based in the Computer Science discipline and has the ISSN number 1046-8188.
Alan Bean, who was a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 12 with Alfred Worden as backup pilot and commanded by David Scott. He spent 100305.0 minutes in space. Alan Bean's time in Space is 100305 minutes.
AFC Blackpool is managed by Stuart Parker, who plays for KV Mechelen and Irlam Town FC. He has been the manager of A.F.C. blackpool.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who was signed to Fruits de Mer Records and Deram Records, London., Jazz musicist AlisonO'donnell plays jazz with the record label Applem Records in London.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and his predecessor was Oladipo Diya. He was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo, who was vice president., Olusegun Osbasanjos was the successor of Abdulsalamu Abubaka, retired during the reign of Mr.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, United States. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel and has 60 floors.
Andrew White, who started performing in 2003, was signed to the record label Polydor Records and is associated with Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs., The musician Andrew White began his career in 2003. He has worked with the B-Unique Records band and also by the Kaiser's chiefs.
Banana leaf is an ingredient in Arem-arem, a dish from Indonesia., Arem arem comes from the region of Indonesia and one of its ingredients can be found in Java.
William Anders was the backup pilot of Apollo 11 and William Anders.
Twilight is a black metal musician., The musical genre of Twilight, in the band, is Black Metal.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and AS Lyon-Duchere., AS Lyon Duchère is a member of the club, Aleksandre Gaboli, whose club is FC Alpenty Lok.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilenne, Taylor County, Texas in the United States., The airport is located in Austin County (Texas), U.S.
The Lancia Thema is related to the Alfa Romeo 164 and it is also associated with the A.T.A.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000 and its president is B.M. Reddy. Its director is Dr G P Prabhukumar and his campus is in Soldevanahalli (Acharya Dr)., Established in 2000. It is led by the President B Mreddy and it is part of the city of Bangalore in India.
Sadique Abubakar was a commander in the Nigerian Air Force., The Nigeriane Air force's commanded is SadiqueAbubakar.
3Arena is located at East Link Bridge., The 3Arena, which is in East link Bridge, is situated at the 3.Arena.
Abel Hernandez, who plays for the Central Espanol club, is a member of the U.S. Citta di Palermo and Peñarol.
The Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis, which is governed by the International Tennis Federation. The sport offered to belongs to the Association of Tennis.
Mike Akhigbe's predecessor was Oladipo Diya., Olympo Diya was the predecesso of Mike Akhtiye.
The Acura TLX has a 9 speed ZF 9HP automatic V6 transmission., Acura TrLX is powered by the transmission of 9-speed 9119HP automatically (V6) and its transmission is 9,9 speed SZF 09HPautomatically.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay. Juan Afara is the leader of which, is home to the Spanish language and Mestizo as one of its ethnic groups. The birthplace of Agustin Barbozo is Asunción., Agustín Gaboza's place of birth (Paraguay), is part of the country where they speak spanish.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Houston., The Andrews Town Airport can be found in Tex, U.S. English is spoken in that country. It is also home to Houston as one of the prominent cities there.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom, led by Elizabeth II., Elizabeth II is the leader of the U.K. and it is home to the publication of this journal (which is also written at Lipppincott William & Wilins).
10 Hygiea has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and its escape velocity is 0.21 km per sec. It has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres, their apoapsis is 523951582.33968 (kilometres) and the temperature is 164.0 kelvins.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC which is managed by Thomas Doll., Thomas Doll is the manager of Ferencvárosi CT, whose club is Fferencevary TC. He has also been attached to his club.
Hypermarcas, founded on 1st January 2001, is located in Sao Paulo and has Mantecorp as a subsidiary.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by the European Space Agency and launched from ELA-3. It has a diameter of 5.4 metres, its maiden flight on 2nd March 2004 and its final flight was on 27th September 2003.
Alpena County Regional Airport has a runway length of 1533.0., The diameter of the airport at Alpena County regional Airport is 1533,0.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble, dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister. It was also designed by the Ataturk fighters who are served as a member of the monument.
Stanislaw Tillich is a leader in Germany., The leader of Germany is, which is led by the leader Stanley winkler.
Hypermarcas, a company in São Paulo, produces healthcare products. Mantecorp is an operating company that has 10252 employees and its net income is $108,600,000. It is located in Sao Paulo. The company's subsidiary is Man Tecorp and they acquiert 10,252 people of their revenue $180,100,000., The main product of Hypermarcais are based in San Paulo (led by Man
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St Vincent-St Mary High School., The ground of Akron, which has the ground at St. Vincent–St. Mary high school, is in St Louis-Saint Mary.
Auburn, Alabama is in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group of the U.S., The country of Auburn (Alabama) comes from the US and there are many Asian americans.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi and is a solo singer. He performs jazz music and plays Jazz., Albennie Jr's musical genre is jazz and his background is one of the sequels.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino is located in Switzerland, the leader of which is Johann Schneider-Ammann. It was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The country's name is the location of it., There are 600 members from the Swiss region whose leader is German Schneider Ammann.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan., Baku Turkey Martyres memorial is found in the Turkmenistan.
Bo Bibbowski is a full name of Bibbo Bibbeowski, created by Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica is academic discipline of Math., Acta Galileica has the Mathematics discipline.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched on the 25th of January 1969 and has a top speed of 8.334 km/h. It is 45000.0 millimetres in length and its ship beam is 3.8m.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilenne, part of Jones County, Texas in the United States. The airport has a runway length of 2194.0 and is located in Jones counties., The location of Asene regional airport is 2,194 metres long and provides the City of Adams County in Texas, U.S.
Alex Plante was born in 1989 in Manitoba., Born in 1989), in Mantoba, is the birthplace of Alex Plantes.
Asunción is part of Gran Asunción, which is in gran Asuncion.
Dell Tallon is the general manager of the Florida Panthers., The General Manager for the United States was Dale Tallón.
Shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in Bakewell pudding which comes from the dish., Bakewell tart, a type of dessert, can be varied by one of the ingredients such as shortcrust cake and is also variation of it.
Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir and is a dish from the country of Australians., The sequel to The Veil, which is in Australia, is also known as Americans.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and Joko Widodo are leaders. The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc. which has the power type of the AIDAluna. The company's engine powers the Aidaluna.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy., The US Navy is the distinguished service awards for AlanShepard.
AIDA Cruises is owned by AIDAluna, which is operated by the Caterpillar Inc. in Rostock. The company was founded in California and has its engine power type., The energy type of the Aidaluna (operated with the headquarters powered by Crocket Inc) is that located in ROstock.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region. Its main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs. It is also served as an ingredient in Bakewell tart., Bakewell Pudding can be found in the regional region of both Breserves and it comes from that region.
Meyer Werft is located in Papenburg., Mering Werf is situated in Mamenburg.
Bread is an ingredient in Ajoblanco, which comes from Spain., Ajoblanco (part of Spain) has bread as one of its ingredients.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilenne, Texas. It is 546 metres above sea level and has an ICAO location identifier KABI. The airport's runway name is 17R/35L and its length is 2194.0., KABI is the U.S. C.A.C. are located at 546 floors with a total area of 546 km/h.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The president of the Institute is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr G P Prabhukumar., Established in 2000. It is governed by D. G. P. Prabankuar and has the President B M RedDY. He is currently a member of his campus at the city of Bangalore in India.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka, founded by Kempe Gowda I. It is also affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The city is part of the state of Kadunan and its west is Arabian Sea., Kempe Go wdai was the founder of Bangalore that is home to the Ataturk sea.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group from the US., Americans live in this country, Akron has a total area of 600 metres above the capital city of Washington DC.
The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis., Neikos Vou Tsitsis is the leader in Greek.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base in the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It is similar to the Delta II, which originates from the United States., Antares has a comparable ship with the NASA design office and had its launch site at the Vanddenberg air force base and the mid Atlantic regional spaceport.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, Java. The main ingredients are squeezed, or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The native name of the memorial is Türk ŞehitleriAniti. It is also located in Azerbaijan and led by Prime Minister Artur Rasizade., Baku (capital title: Premier Minister) is the home ground of Bakars whose 
The Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels and has a 1.2 litre engine, which has an 5-speed manual transmission. It is made in the Audi (Brussels) body style.
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, whose fate was Eagle., American Motors manufactures the AAMCMatador and had Eagle as one of its ingredients.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States., The airport of Alpenra County regional airport is found in the Wilson township (Albu County) in Illinois, U.S.A.
Stuart Parker is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool and he plays for Runcorn F. C. Halton., The manager at AFC Blackwell, managed by Steve Parker (footballer) who has played for runcorn FC Haltone.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is available in hardcover., The Hardcover book was produced at the paperback.
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County, in the state of which.
Andrew White is a musician who performs alternative rock music., The musical genre of Andrew White was Alternative rock.
Andra started performing in 2000 and plays pop music., The musical genre of the singer Andra, who began her career in 2000.
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080-6377., Am.J.Math is the prequel to the American journal of math whose discipline is Math and it was initially written in 1875. Their ISBN number is 1080-6777.
Julia Morgan was born in California and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds. She has significant buildings such as the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and the Riverside Art Museum. The architect is Julia Morgan, whose birthplace is California.
Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, where Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader. The country's currency is shri Lankan rupee and it is also home to Ampara.
David Cameron is the leader of the United Kingdom, where the AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins., The HIV journal was written in the U.K. (which is led by David CCameron). It is from the UK whose leader is David cCameron.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago (United States).
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, which was established in 1996, has 100 academic staff and its dean is Mario Botta., Married to the Dean of theAccademia's Decean made with 100 years, is located in the city of Meridrisiio. It was erected on 1996 and it has a student staff of 100.
Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines. The main ingredients of Binignit are coconut milk and sweet potatoes.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and worked as a Member of Parliament for Gravesham and his alma mater is Magdalene College, Cambridge. He began his career on 5th May 2005 and fought in the Grenadier Guards.
Alan Frew performs rock music which originated from country music and has its stylistic origins in Rock music.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines., Philippines is the country of Batchoney.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the Italy national under 17 football team and is a member of the U.C. Sampdoria club, whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović. Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of AC Milan (managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic)., A. C. Milan's current club is A.K. in Milan, where he is managed BySiniša Mestrific. He has also played for UC Samp
William Anders retired on September 1st 1969, was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 8 which was commanded by Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where the capital city is Austin and the largest city of Texas is Houston. The people are known as Texans and English is spoken in that state., The Spanish language is used to find Andrews Co. Airport can be found at Texas (capital: Austin), whose leader is Texan.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv, which is managed by Oleh Luzhny. His club is FC Samtredia whose home ground is the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium and he also has been manager of OlahLuzhny.
Hypermarcas is a dish that produces drugs and it is found in Sao Paulo, Brazil. The leader of Brazil is the President of the Supreme Federal Court., Found in São Paulo (Brésil) is led by the Vice-Democratic Cour.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and worked as a member of the House of Representatives. He belonged to the Christian Democratic Appeal party and his alma mater is Leiden University., Abner, whose alma Mater is Kaiserdam, studied at Universita's university and represented the Church of Représentants.
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14L/32R., Adolfo SuarezMadrid– Barajas airport has the length name 14 L 32R.
Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party in the United States whose leader is Daniel Webster. He also represented Vermont, where Burlington is the largest city., Albuah Sabin has worked for the White Party (United States) which is led by Daniel webster.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, built in 1913, is located in Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 March 1987. It has an architecture style of Arts and Crafts movement and its reference number is 8787000823., The AsiloMar Conference ground (constructed in 1914) is found inPacific Grove CA and can be found at the United States for the Architectural style as well as the Arts & CraftsMovement
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase. The Lockheed AC-130 is the aircraft fighter, the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and was fought in the bombing of Libya on 1986., Al-Asad Airbase is operated by the U.S. Air force who have deployed at battles at the bombarding date of 1986 but were a member of the USAF which has an attack military 
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabata, which is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0., As well as an elevation of 211 per cubic centimetre, the airport is situated at Ash Gabot.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located at Asser Ley Place and East 23rd Street, with the reference number 80002709. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23 April 1980 and is based in Asseyer Levye Place (and East 23,20).
Arem-arem is a dish from Indonesia, but more specific to Java., The region of Arem arem is nationwide in Indonesia and it is also popular in Java.
Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore where Beef kway teow is a dish from. The dish comes from Indonesia and it can be found in Indonesia., Beef Kway Teow originates from Singapore, which is led by Tony Tai.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. Sauli Niinisto and Juha Sipilä are leaders of Finland.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors., The operating company of this hotel is Marriott international and it has 23.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary and died in the country, where Doris Bures is the leader., The birthplace of AlfonsGorbach, whose birth place comes from Austria–Hungary, has its headquarters led by Doris Bure.
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins., The temperature for 109  Феpis is 170,0 kelves.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems (abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst) has the coden code ATSET and is abbreviating to AC Trans I ST.
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain and it contains saquid as an ingredient.
A Wizard of Mars, written by Diane Duane, is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 318875313., The author of A's book A wizard from Mars (published in Hardcover) can be found in Dhain Dunane.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis-Ababa, Ethiopia. The country's leader is Mulatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn.
John van den Brom plays for AFC Ajax and Istanbulspor A.Ah. He is managed by AZ Alkmaar, whose owner is Robert Eenhoorn., The manager of AZ Almaar is John van Den Brom who has previously played for the Amsterdamspor FC and his club is Ahmetspor V.S.
Auburn, Alabama is in the United States, whose capital is Washington DC., Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S. and Auburn (Alabama) comes from the US.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrinio, Switzerland. It has 100 academic staff and its dean is Mario Botta.
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is The Fyld, which has 31180 members., The ground of the club A. F. C. is the Ilde, whose home ground can be found in the Fylda. It has 310 members.
A Wizard of Mars is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2., The book A wizard of March was produced in Hardcover, with an ISBN Number of 0-20-3380-2.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabata, and has a runway length of 3800.0., As well as known as the airport's location at Ash Gabot, it has an elevation of 38000.0 long.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Roma, whose ground is in Rome and played in the 2014-15 Serie A season. The club has 70634 members and play in 2014., AS Roma (abbreviated to AS Roma)'s home ground are at Rome, where they competed on the 14th of October 2014 series A.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and died in London., Born in the Manchester city of Manchester Alfred garth is now married to London.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, London where Boris Johnson is the leader., London's leader is Boris John and he diede in St.C.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is Sri Bandejaanderንስ Kutte and the Tamil language is spoken.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and was awarded the Purple Heart., White Heart is an award for Aarons Daget, who belonged to the battle of Fellowsburg.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. Anderson is the largest city in which are Anderson.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000 and its director is Dr G P Prabhukumar.
Tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil are main ingredients in Arrabbiata sauce., The main ingredient of Arabbiata served as: Tomatoe, Red Chili, Garlic, olive Oil.
Aaron Deer is associated with the Horns of Happiness and plays for the band.
Alison O'Donnell, who began his career in 1963, is associated with Mellow Candle and Head South By Weaving. He performs folk music., Former Folk musician Alison or Donnell was once a member of the band Mrondath and he plays for The Head south By Waving.
Aaron Hunt plays for VfL Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen II., Born in the club, Aaron Hunter is a member of Vfl wolfsburg but he has also used to play for SV Weder Brebner II.
Antioch, California has a UTC offset of -7 and an area code of 925. Antioch has the total area of 75.324 square kilometres and its population is 102372., At measurement of the U.D. in California are -7. It has 10372 populations and it has 25 324 square kilometers. Its areacode is 925.
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. He also plays for Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars and his band is TabBenoit.
101 Helena was discovered on 15 August 1868 and died in Madison, Wisconsin. He attended the University of Michigan and studied at MIT., James Craig Watson is an American born in Canada and his alma mater was the U.M.N.D. and passed away in New York.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Milan, is related to the Fiat Croma., A similar means of transportation for the Alfa Rome 164 and was manufactured at Milan.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and has a four-stroke engine., Montreal LocLoco Works is the builder of the AC RS-3, which has an 4-stroke vehicle.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney., The Alderny airport is located in the state of Gerney.
The A-Rosa Luna was built on 22nd April 2004 and is 12125800.0 millimetres long. It has a ship which was made on the 22th of January 2004.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its director is Dr G P Prabhukumar.
Hypermarcas is located in Brazil and produces drugs., The dish Hypermarcais, which comes from Brazil, can be found in the Colombian region.
Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., which has Douglas R Ober Helman as its key member.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in the state of Karnataka, India. It is located in Soldevanahalli (Acharya Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar) and its campus is in Belgaum.
Solo singer Ace Wilder was born in Sweden and is signed to the record label Warner Music Group., Born in Svezia, one of the records labels at the United bands Ace Williams whose background is solo singing.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, who studied at the University of Michigan and died from peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin., James Craig (Canadian) was born in Canada and his alma mater was the U.M.N.D. and he passed away from Peritonitis.
Alex Day performs Synthpop music which originated from disco and has its stylistic origins in Disco., Synthpop is a genre of Alex Day, whose musical genre is Synthppop, the style of that genre originates from Disco.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland., The Adare Manore is from the republic of Dublin.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Dynamo Moscow., Born on the 24th of Feb, 1989, Aleksandr Podnikov is a member of the club FC Fyldalak Russia and he has also been attached to FC Dinamo MMoscow.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States. Washington DC is the capital of the U.S. where Native Americans are an ethnic group and Albany is located in Linn counties.
Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States., The leader of the U.S. is Paul Ryan.
1101 Clematis has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and an orbital period of 183309000.0. It has the apoapsis of 520906000.0 kilometres and its asteroid is 5209000.0 (kilometres)., The celestial body, known as 1101 Clatis, was written on November 31st 2006 with an orpheliapsis of 5220900,0 km/h and it has inhabited 18 December 2006.
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai on November 17th, 1868. He discovered 107 Camilla on the 17st of November, 1865., The birthplace of N. R.Pogsons, whose nationality is England, discoveres 107 Cama (founded on 17 November 1968).
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, where Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders., A. E Di Mitr Efксеnoupoli club can be found in the country of Greek, whose leaders are Nikosis Vou Tsitsis (leaders: prokopies Pavlikos).
Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens., The Athens International airport, which is situated in Spata, has a city in Athens.
A Wizard of Mars, written by Diane Duane, is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 318875313 and the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2., The book A wizard of March was published in Hardcover. It can be found there with an ordú number of 33645313 (ISBN number 99-20-4770-2).
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas on March 15, 1932. He served as a test pilot and is now retired.
Alan Bean was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 which was commanded by David Scott. The backup pilot is Alfred Worden and his commander wasDavid Scott.
A Long Long Way was followed by The Secret Scripture and is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain., English is the language of Great Bretagna and it was preceded by A Long long Way (language: Great Gran Bretaine).
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Paris Cullins and Dan Mishkin., Bulk is the alternative name for the comic book character, whose alter name is لاري Bolaetinsky.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Paisa region. The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), vocado and lemon.
Hypermarcas is a pharmaceutical company in the industry of healthcare and produces cosmetic products.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock., The AIDAcrocis are based in ROstock.
Anaheim, California has the area code 657., The area codes for Anaheim in California are 657.
The comic character Bolt was created by Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn., Bolt, whose comic book character is written by the comician Gerard Cuohn.
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish from Indonesia, the leader of which is Joko Widodo and its currency is the Indonesian rupiah. The language spoken in Indonesia is Indonesia.
The Mason School of Business is located in Virginia, United States. The current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall are the Mayor of New York City., Alan B Myers Hall (in Virginia) is situated in the U.S. and currently owned by the Austin School Of Business.
 Rodrigo Duterte is the leader of the Philippines., The leader in which, Philippine's leader is Rodrigos Dutiye.
10 Hygiea, formerly known as A900 GA, has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and its asteroid is 2015., A900GA is the beginning name of 10 Hygiesa which was once called A 900 GA. It's an apogée on 27th June 2016.
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons which is owned by Arthur Blank., Arthur Blank was the owner of Atlanta Eagles, who were made his debut at the same team.
Frederick, Maryland is the nearest city of the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, MD. The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a Historic district in the United States., The 12th January 1907 is known as the monument which is considered significantly from the U.S.A. whose monument is situated under the category of 
Elliot See was a test pilot and attended the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St Louis on 28th February 1966., Test pilot Elliot see, whose alma mater is The University Of Texas At Austin.
ALV X-1 originated from the United States, where Washington DC is the capital and White Americans are an ethnic group. The country's national anthem is The Star Spangled Banner., The ALVx-1 originates from its U.S. whose capital is Washington D.C. and one of the languages spoken in that country is white American.
Abel Caballero was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch., Juan Carlos II ofSpain was monarch and Abel Cabblanco was part of office.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova., The birth place of Andrew Rayell is Chișinî, Moldavia.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 737 academic staff., School of business and sociali at an Aarus University is 737 with a staff size of 737.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and plays for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar., Born on the 24th of Feb, 1989, Aleksandr Podnikov is a member of the club FC Penan krasnodar and has also played for F Kovan KVrasnodar.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is from Kota Samarahan and is in the region of Welsh.
Arem-arem is a dish from Indonesia, but more specific to Java. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia and it comes nationwide in Indonesia., The country of Arem arem is home to Indonesia which is led by Janu's Kalla and is also popular in Java.
The College of William and Mary, whose chancellor is Robert Gates, is the location of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia., Alan B Miller Hall is owned by the College Of William & Mary (the Chancellor of which was RobertGates).
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the youth team of A.S. Roma, whose league is Serie A.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, United States. Frank G Jackson is the leader of which, is also the location of 200 Public square.
Aaron Deer is a solo singer who was born in Indianapolis, Indiana. He performs Psychedelia music., Solo singing Aaron deer originates from the state of Indiana and is part of the musical genre Psycheelia.
Atlanta has a total area of 347.1 square kilometres and their population density is 1299.0 inhabitants per sq km. The area code for Atlanta is 404, 678 and 470.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid- Barajas airport, which is elevated 3500 metres long, is situated in alcobendais.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader and Emile Roemer are leaders. Agnes Kant's nationality is also from the Socialist Party (Netherlands) which has red as its colour., The country of Netherlands whose leader is Mark rutte and he represented the socialist party in the U.S. They are led by M. Heremer.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl is the full name of A.S. Gubbino, which has 5300 members and played in the 2014 season. Their ground is located in Italy., The full title of AS Gubbieo (abbreviated to AC) is Associazione Gabbiano 1910 Rl. It competed in 2014 and has 55000 members.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Vladimir Putin is the leader., The leader of Russia is Vladimir Poutine and his death place was Aleksandr Chumaikov.
Alan Martin is a footballer for Motherwell F.C. whose ground is in Fir Park and managed by Barry Ferguson. He also plays for Clyde FC, the manager of which, is Alan Martin.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for PAS Tehran F.C., Ahmed Kadham Assaad's club is PAS Taehran FC.
Chinabank has a net income of 15100000000., The net inconcurrence of Chinabank is 15,100,000,000.
Albennie Jones performs jazz music which originated from blues music., Albennie Jon is a jazz artist who has its stylistic origins in the Blues.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire, United States. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died in California. His alma mater was NASA in 1959.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where the Prime Minister is Klaus Iohannis and its leader is Prime minister., 1 Decește 1918 university is found in The country of Romania (which is led by Premier Minister Klaus IIohannis).
Adonis Georgiadis worked as aDeputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping., The deputy minister for Développement, Technologiserves and Transportation is the Vice Minister in Welsh.
The comic character Auron was created by Walt Simonson and American Karl Kesel., Auron, whose nationality is Americans, was the creator of Wolfsh, Karl kesel (born in American).
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan, where the country's leader is Artur Rashizade. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku., The Baku Turk Martyres monument is situated in Azerbaigian and died by the Ottoman army military who were involved in battles in Baku.
Ajoblanco is from Spain where Felipe VI is the leader and the currency is Euro. The country is also home to Spaniards, whose language is Spanish., The dish Ajoblanco originated in Spain, a country which is led by Flef VI of Spain.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. The main ingredients of the dish are Kway Teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shreded, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, opprsortium, soya sesame oil and it comes from Indonesia.
Elliot See was selected by NASA in 1962 and died on 28th February 1966 in St Louis., The United States of America is the birthplace of Elliot see, who began his career on March 28, 1966 at St. Louis.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is managed by Vica., The Agremiação Simplified ARApiraquinse's manager is Vica.
Bill Oddie is a child of Kate Hardie., Bincly born Bill Oddies, whose child is KateHARDie.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, where Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader., The Ampara hospital is situated in The state of the Anti-Provincial state and is found in South Province, Swaziland.
Alex Day performs Synthpop, which originated from new wave music and has its stylistic origins in New Wave music., Synthpop musician Alex Day is a synthpop artist who originates from New wave.
The epoch date of (19255) 1994 VK8 is 31 December 2006 and has an orbital period of 8788850000.0. It has a periapsis of 6155910000.0 and an escape velocity of 0.0925 kilometres per sec., (19255) 94 VK 8 has the celestial body known as 26 December 2006. Its orbitally period is 87888500000.0, it has its apopsisis 6101159000000,0 and was completed on
Adam Koc was a national of Poland who fought in the Polish–Soviet War, where Kashubian is spoken and Joseph Stalin was one of its commanders., Born in Poland, Adam Koc belonged to battles in Kaspubian as an ethnic language.
The bronze monument in İzmir is made by the bronze., Turkey Monument (Izmir) was made with bronze.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, County of Tyrol and died in Graz., Imst is the birthplace of Ist who went on to be part of Inst. He passed away from Graz.
Aaron Turner, from Massachusetts, began his career in 1995 and started performing in Sludge metal. He is a member of the band Twilight and the Lotus Eaters band., Born in Massachusetts he became active in (1995) and was associated with the musical artist (Twilight), whose musical genre is sludge Metal.
ALV X-1 originates from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group and one of the people who live in the U.S. are known as American.
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart., The dish of bakeste tart, which has frangipine as one of its ingredients, is cakewell Tart.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, the Labour Party (UK) and died in Sidcup. London is led by the European Parliament.
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician who plays the Electric guitar and performs in the House of Low Culture. He has worked with Mamiffer and his musical genre is black metal.
Baked Alaska is a dessert., The dessert Baked Aghlas is an ingredient in baked, and it comes from.
The NASA operates Apollo 14 as its operator., Apollo 14 was operated by NASA.
Alex Plante was born in 1989 in Manitoba and plays for Anyang Halla., Born in the Manikota, 1989, he is a member of the clubAnyang halla.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and has 12 cylinders. It is 17068.8 millimetres in length., Alco RS-3, which has 12, cylindres, was manufactured by The Montreal Lokomotive works.
Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia and was succeeded by William M O Dawson., William M.O. Donnell was the successor of Albert B White who diede in Parksburg (West Virginia)., Albert b. white's successore was WilliamM. O.Dawson and he went on to be part of Pennsylvania.
Gus Poyet plays for AEK Athens F.C. and he is in the club.
1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95040 and its length is 95040.2.,  1097 Viscia, with an elevation period 90040, was chosen in the same year.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on 17th October 1933. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. and retired on September 1st 1969.
The AMC Matador, also known as VAM Classic, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a station wagon body style. It can be found in the Antartide region of NZ., There are an alternative name for the AAMCMatador which is manufactured at Thame, N.Z.A. and one of its types of cars are ACM V8 engine.
Arlington is part of Texas where English is spoken., English is the language spokens in Texas, which is home to Arlington.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Houston.
Hypermarcas is a S.A. corporation that has its key person as the CEO and is in the type of S A.S., The CEO's leader is Hypermarcais which is an S-A (corporation).
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California and written by 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was preceded by the Baltic War., Abraham, Canada, is the birthplace of EricFlint, whose book was called (1634). The bavarian conflict was sequel to 1624:The Abate War.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It was given theTechnical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education, located in Mumbai. The sport offered tennis is the International Tennis Federation and has its headquarters at the United States of Tennis.
Amdavad ni Gufa is a food found in India, where T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders., The leader of India is T.S.Thakur (leaders: Suamitra Mahjan) and Amdavad NiGufa comes from India.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis., Antonis Georgiadas was part of the Vice Minister, who worked during the successor of that same period, was preceded by christosis Mitschiyatis.
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana, where Attica is in Indiana., Attica (part of both Indiana) is part of the state and its capital is Indianapolis.
British people are known as the United Kingdom., The demonym of the U.K. is British.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked as Minister for Health., Born in the Greek city of Athens is the birthplace of Adonis Gérards who belongs to the Aire of Health.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Grand Chute, Wisconsin and is part of Grand Cute.
Ice cream is a variation of dessert., The dessert, which comes from Ice cream, can be varied by the dish.
Abilene is part of Texas, in the United States. The largest city in Texas is Houston and its capital is Austin. English is one of the languages spoken in that state is Spanish., Texas is led by Austin and has Houston as an exponent of Houston. It is also where you will find Albune (capital: Austin).
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, managed by Vica, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are competing in Brazil and have 17000 members.
 Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of A.C. Milan., The latter, which is a member of AC Milan's political secretary, is Silvao berlusconi.
Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States.,  Saranac Lake (New York) is located in the U.S.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and died in Gottingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed, who studied at the University of Gottendorf., The alma mater of Walter Baaade is the university of Göttingen (born in Germany empire) and his discoverer's place of death.
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin. It has a total area of 58.38 and an as its subsitorial area., The Trane comes from the United States, where The Subsidiario is one of the subsidiaries.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and the capital is called Washington D.C.
ACF Fiorentina play in Serie A, Italy., The ACF Incendio competed in the Serie AS in Italy.
Akeem Ayers, who was formerly involved in the Tennessee Titans, draft pick was 39 and his draft round was 2nd round., Born in 3rd round, He also played for the team of the TN Neptuns and used to play for 39.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where the leader is Tabaré Vázquez and Daniel Martinez are leaders. The country's people are known as Uruguayans and one of the demonyms there is Uruguayan., The politician Daniel Martínez is the president of Uruguay whose capital city is Tabare Vazquez.
Alan Frew is a solo singer who performs rock music, originated from blues and country music. Bhangra is an element of the fusion genre of Rock music which has its stylistic origins in Country music and originates from folk music.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km per sec., The measurement of 1036 Ranymede is 16.86. km/s and the length of it is 168.6 kilometres per second.
HIV is a genus of Lentivirus., The HIV, which comes from the diameter of celestial body, is an ethnic spoken in flower.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F.C. and Al-Naft. He also played for Al Naft.
Chinabank was founded in Manila, the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands. Chinabank is located in the Philippines and is founding in The Insulary Government.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia., Indonesia's leader is JusufKal.
Columbus Blue Jackets is located in Columbus, Ohio., The largest city of the United States are known as the New York City and they speak wellsh.
Spanish is spoken in Mexico., The language of Mexico is Spanish.
Athens born Antonis Samaras was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister and Aleksandros Venizelos was the deputy. Adonis Georgiadis was succeeded by Makis Voridis, who was born in Athens. His Vice Minister was Ahmet Estefanis. He worked during the reign of Massimo Minister (Antonis Samarans) as well as its vice minister., The successor to Apollos Veridis was Maki
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and is led by the Labour Party (UK). The leader of Manchester is Manchester which is part of Greater Manchester.
Adam Koc was a national of Poland who fought in the Polish–Soviet War, where Leon Trotsky was one of its commanders., Born in Poland, Adam Koc became involved in battles at the PPolish-Soviet war and is part of the language spoken in that country. He was commanded by Leon trotsky and his nationality was Poland.
Dublin is part of Leinster.
Stuart Parker plays for Bury FC and played for the club Burry F.C., The footballer, which is a member of Burley FC, has been involved in Wilsh.
AIP Advances has the EISSN number of 2158]., The ISSN Number of AIP Primes is 2158., AIP advances has an eissn number 22158].
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It has a diameter of 3.9 metres and its final flight on September 18, 2013. Its maiden flight was on 28th August 2014 and it was made at the Shuzhnological Office.
Solo singer Alfredo Zitarrosa is a Zamba musician. He has worked with the record label RCA Records and was signed to the CD Records., One of the musical genres of which, once started out as one of its recording labels, he plays Zambe (art form).
Bhajji is a food found in India, where T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders. The country's leader is the state of India., The Bhajji originates from India (leaders: T.S.Thakur) and NRander Modi.
Antwerp International Airport, owned by Flemish Region, is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. The airport serves the city of in Antwerp., The location of the Euromish department for mobility and public works, it is located in Belgium whose owner is Frank Region.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, whose manager is Valery Petrakov. He also played in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League and previously managed by Aleksandr Chumaikov.
Arros negre is from Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader. The language spoken in Spain is Spanish and the country's leader is FFernando VI., The dish Arròs Negre comes from that country which is led by Fabel VI.
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti and made from red granite and white marble. The memorial is known as Türk ŞehitleriAniti.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria. Doris Bures is the leader of Austria where Austrian German is spoken and died in Graz., Born in Ist (Austria), Alfons Horbach passed away from Graz.
B.V. Doshi was the architect of Amdavad ni Gufa., The architect B. V.Doshi is designed by A Van Dhashi.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. He is now retired. His crew member was NASA's Apollo 12 operated by NASA. David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12., Test pilot Alan Bean (born Williamer), Texas, studied at University at Austin on 1955 for NASA and became test pilot who worked as part of NASA.
Bill Everett won the Eisner Award., The award of Bill Erived, who was awarded under the Laury Award.
F Vilas discovered 107 Camilla., 107 Camille was discoverer by F VilaS.
Akeem Priestley plays for FK Mughan and he is in the club.
The Black Pirate, which is also known as Jon Valor, was created by Sheldon Moldoff., John Valor is an alternative name for the blackpirate, whose alter name is Joe Valor.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia in 1987., Born inAtlanta,Georgia in 1986, Akeeem Det is a member of the birthplace of Atlanta (Georgia).
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero., The operating organisation for Afonso Pena international airport is Infraéro.
Barny cakes are found in France, where the French language is spoken. The leader of France is Gérard Larcher and Claude Bartolone.
Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands., The House Of representatives, Agnes Kant, was born in the Netherlands.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is located in Azerbaijan and was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner.
AmeriGas is a company in the energy industry, United States. It has an operating income of $380,700,000 and was operated by AmeriGas.
The official school colour of the Acharya Institute of Technology was given the All India Council for Technical Education status by AllIndia Council., Acharya, whose official School colour is blue, white and orange, was awarded the full-academic staff by The All Indian Council on Tecnica Education.
Carl A Wirtanen discovered (29075) 1950 DA., The discoverer of (2975) 1950DA was Carl A WetanEN.
Ahmet Ertegun's genre is rhythm and blues, which originated from the blues and has disco as a derivative. He died in the U.S. African Americans are an ethnic group of the United States., Rhythm and Blues originates from blues music and Disco comes from its origins.
Ace Wilder's record label is EMI Records.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where the leader is Nikos Voutsis and Alexis Tsipras are leaders. The language of Greek is spoken in that country., The A. E dimitra Ereitlerinupolis can be found in Grecia, whose leaders are Athens, partly known as a politician called Anas Kottsis.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy, where Italians are an Italian language and the capital city is Rome. The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella.
The Ariane 5 was launched from the Arian 5 launchpad at ELA-3 and is located in French Guiana Space Centre., Ariane 5 had its launch site at the AESA-3, which is home to the French Guana space Centre (France).
The Arctech Helsinki Shipyard was built the icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, who has a 21.2 ship beam., Arctech Finland is the airport builder of the Arctic Helsinki Boatyard. It has an diameter of 21.2.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The leader of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh., The 3Arena has the owner of Live nation Entertainment with its headquarters at Dublin (capital: Repubblican Ireland). It is also located in both Dublin's capital city, part of that country whose leader is Criona Ni Dhalaigh.
Julia Morgan was born in California and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds. She is located in Chinatown, San Francisco and has significant buildings such as the Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle., The architect Julia Morgan (born California) was the architect of Asaltomar conference grounds who are part of the Chinesetown St. Francisco.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department in Colombia., Antioquia D, Colombia, is part of the country of Colombia.
Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Addiction, which has the LCCN number 93645978 and its ISSN number is 1360-0443. It is also academically connected to As drugs., The Journal's predominal of Aaddiction journal is an ADDiscipt line of ASddiction and it has ISBN number 911-43978.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, who was born in Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin. It has an epoch date of December 31st 2006., James Craig (Canadian) was the discoverer of this ego that is on 31 December 2006 and he passed away in New York.
Bananaman was broadcast by STV., The TV series Bananaman, which was shown in the TV.
Atlanta is part of Georgia in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The country is also home to Atlanta.
Airey Neave started performing in 1935.,  Airey Niave was a service that began his career in 1936.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is 512 pages available in E-Book., EricFlint wrote the book 1634, The Ramblion, which can be found in an E book and has 511 pages.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property. It is located in the municipality of Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. Carroll County (Maryland) to its northeast is Cumberland County., Adams County has To its southeast C Carrar County for Maryland to his north city and cumberland counties can be found there. The monument was erected in 2000.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a wheelbase of 2160.0 millimetres and their production line was produced in 1958. Its body style is two door coupé and its engine is straight-four engine.
Aleksandra Kovac is a rhythm and blues musician who plays with the band Bebi Dol and K2 (Kovač Sisters duo). She performs Rhythm and Blues., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovač, who was once associated with Discostars, belongs to the Bibi Dol as well as A member of the K2.
Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow., The manager for FC TS torpecio, which is managed by Valery Petratov, is Valeryl Petrakow.
Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States.,  Harrietstown (New York) is located in the U.S.
Cornell University's nickname is Cornell Big Red., The celestial body known as Cornelle University, which has the following names: CornlBig Red.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where Amarillo is part of Randall County., Amarillo, Texas is situated in RandAll County, Austin, U.S.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985., The Completion date of 200 Public square is 1985.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where English is spoken., Canada's language is English and the birthplace of Aaron Bugaard is located.
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989 and his debut team was the Tennessee Titans. He also played for the New England Patriots, who were previously based in the United States.
Akeem Ayers made his debut with the Tennessee Titans who are coached by Mike Mularkey and play in the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. He was formerly a member of the los Angeles Rams, which is located in LA, United States., Born in California, USA, he also played for the They have been previously on the Liens based football team, used to play at the Dallas memorial colise
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who plays the Electric guitar and performs in the band Twilight. Death metal is one of the fusion genres of Black metal., Electric guitarist Aaron, whose musical genre is Black Metal, was once associated with the rock band (Twilight) and has worked as an energy guitar.
Alfred N. Phillips was a member of the United States Army, who fought in the American Civil War., The US army battled in The American civil War and AlfredN. Princeton belonged to the military Branch.
Bananaman first aired on 3rd October 1983 and was first launched in Welsh., The first Aired at Bananaman was on 03/03/1983.
Alan Frew performs rock music which originated from country music and folk music., The musical genre of Alan Frews is Rock music, whose stylistic origins are Folk music.
Alvah Sabin worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont and was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce., The successor of Alvah, Sabin, who belongs to the Asseu minister of St. V.M., was homer ElhuRoyce.
Almond is an ingredient in Ajoblanco, a dish from Andalusia and it comes from the Andalusian region., Ajoblanco has almond as one of its ingredients.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and is from the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is the leader. The capital city of the UK is London., Elizabeth II leads the U.K. whose capital is Londra and the country's leader is Elizabeth Two.
The Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels., Audi Antwerp is the assembler of Audi, which is made by Audi.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, which is related to the Volkswagen Polo and the SEAT Ibiza., There are similar means of transportation at the VW Polo as well as the vehicle that is made byAudi. It is also a latter type of transport in the cars Fiat Polo.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and it is located in this state., Washington DC is the location of Auburn, whose city is found in Pierces County (in the US).
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died in California, he was selected by NASA in 1959.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas where the county seat is Georgetown. The largest city in Texas is Houston.
Alba Iulia is located in Romania., Albu Iulit is from Romania.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Regina, Saskatchewan and plays for Wichita Thunder. He is 1.905m tall and he has played for the club wichita Viking.
Bionico is a dish from the Jalisco region of Mexico. It has raisins as one of its ingredients.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and has a 1st runway surface type of Poaceae. It is 733.0 in length., The first-way made from poaceae airport is assembled with an elevation of 737 metres long and is served by Alderne.
The Atlas II final flight was on March 16th 1998 and it was completed in Welsh.
AIP Advances was published by the American Institute of Physics and is edited by A T Charlie Johnson whose hometown is in the United States., A T Charles Johnson, who has graduated from the U.S. with a senate at the US, is currently an editor of this publication.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE and is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. The airport has a runway name of 18R/36L and its length is 3500., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baras Airport (operated byENAIRE) is situated in the city of Madrid with their operating organisation for AC EN
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob and English is spoken in Singapore., The dish Ayam Penyet can be found in Java whose language is English.
Adisham Hall, Sri Lanka, was completed in 1931 and is located in the Tudor Revival style., The architecture style of Adisham Hall (Sri Lanka), has its architectural style used to be found in this building that was completion on 1931.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students. It is located in 1927.
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group. The country's language is English and one of the languages spoken in the U.S.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrinio, Switzerland. It has 600 students and 100 academic staff. Its dean is Mario Botta.
Andrew White is a musician of alternative rock, which has Nu metal as their fusion genre., Nu metal is an element of the musical genre of Andrew White (musician) who plays Alternative rock.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in New Britain, Connecticut and is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans. He was married to Ruth Ribcoff., The U.S. national whose birthplace is New-Britain (Connecticut) and his spouse was Abraham A
Ann Arbor is part of Michigan, United States., The Ann Abraham is in Michigan (United States).
Budapest is located in the country of Hungary., Bhouts are found in Hong Kong.
Albany is part of Dougherty County in Georgia, United States. The leader of the U.S. is Mayor and there are an ethnic group of Asian Americans., Americans live in the US, where the country is home to Albany, Delaware County, Georgia (which is led by the President) and one of its demonyms is American.
Born in Maine, Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and was awarded the Purple Heart., Maine born he was a member of the United States battles which has won the Bronze Heart.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation for Allama Iqbal International Airport, located in Punjab, Pakistan. The airport serves the city of Lahore and is led by Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE and is located in Madrid, which is 610 metres above sea level. The airport has a runway length of 4349.0 and an elevation of 610.0 meters long.
Barny cakes are variations of the dessert and is a variation of chocolate.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation for Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab, Pakistan. Shehbaz Sharif is a leader in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, Belgium where the leader is Philippe of Belgium.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and has a runway name of 14L/32R. The airport can be found in the city of Madrid, its length is 410.0.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka, which has Arabian Sea to its west. It was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Tistic Education in Mumbai. The club's sport offered is the International Tennis Federation and they are also based at the Asian Sea.
The leader of Swords, Dublin is the County Manager., Swords (Dublin) is led by the county manager.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the OCLC number 367875413., The author of A wizard of March, which is ISBN number 3823477713, was DianneDuane.
1097 Vicia has a temperature of 171.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres. Its escape velocity is 0.0112 km per sec and its temperature is 170 Kelvins.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna and worked as the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria., Mirina was the birthplace of Abdulshali Abubaka, who belonged to the Nigerian Governing Staff (Nigeria).
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, the leader of which is the European Parliament.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy and it has chili pepper as one of its ingredients.
Amatriciana sauce is a Italian dish from Lazio, Italy. It can be found in the Italian food style and has Guanciale as one of its main ingredients., Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil is an Italian dessert which comes from LAzio (Italy) and it's also known as home to Amatriciane.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and serves the city of Amsterdam. The airport has a runway length of 3500.0 and is elevated 3.3328.
Walter Baade, who discovered 1036 Ganymed, was born in Germany and studied at the University of Gottingen., The alma mater of Walter Baaade is the university of Göttingen and discoverer Pleasantly died on 10th July 2016.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Ampara District region of Sri Lanka., The country of Aspara Hospital, which is situated in The Agra District (Sri Lanka).
The Pangasinense people are an ethnic group in the Philippines.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is a leader in Pakistan., The leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zakheer jamali.
A.C. Lumezzane play in the Lega Pro/A league and has 4150 members. It competed in 2014., The A. C.Leducatine, whose club is led by LaGA Pro-A, plays in 2014 and have 4495 members.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico, a dessert which can be found in dishes. It also contains granola as one of its ingredients.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews, Texas. The airport has a runway name 11/29 and an elevation of 973.0 metres above sea level.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of November 4th 2013 and an orbital period of 360.29 days. Its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres and its escape velocity is 0.0999 km per sec., The celestial body known as (66063 1998 Ro1, which was written on 31 December 2013, has the asteroid '26st' 2013. It has had anOrbital Period of 36.29 days
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and worked as Governor of Texas. He was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and was succeeded by Price Daniel., Democrat for the U.S. is the birthplace of Allan Chivers, whose successor was PriceDaniel.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, who was born in Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin. The epoch date of 103 hera is on 27th August 2011., The celestial body known as the 23rd September 2011, has been awarded to the discoverer of 103, He was an ethnic national of Canada.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas and died in St Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the university of Tex system., Tested by Elliot see (born on 07/23/1927) from Dallas, he studied at UT of Austin whose campus is part of the United States system.
Arem-arem is a dish from Indonesia and originates from the region of Indonesia., Indonesian Arem arem comes from.
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, Rostock, Germany. Germans are the people of Germany whose leader is Stanislaw Tillich and the leader in Germany is Francois., Neptun Weft (built the A Rosa Luna) was constructed at Neptun Wirft that is situated in ROstock; Germany.
Julia Morgan was born in California and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, which is located at the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. She has many significant buildings such as the Riverside Art Museum and its architect was Julia Morgan whose birthplace is California.
The epoch date for (19255) 1994 VK8 is 31 December 2006 and has a mass of 5.6 kgs. It has an orbital period of 8788850000.0 and their periapsis is 6155910000000.0., (19255) 94 VK 8 has the asteroid which was written on 31st December 2006. Its mass is 5.6 kilograms and its orbitally period is 87888500000.0.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and retired. He served as a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 12 with David Scott as its commander., American Alan Bean is an American who became part of the NASA's Apollo 12, which was commanded byDavid Scott.
Bread is an ingredient in the bacon sandwich, which has bread as one of its ingredients. It can also be known as Bacon butty (bacon sarnie), rasher Sandwich, bacong sanger, piece 'n bcon, bocon cob, sacon barm and banana muffin.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked for the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism. He was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University in Denmark. It has 737 academic staff and 16000 students. The School is situated in the city of Assalonique, Copenhagen., Aarhus City (Denmark) is the location of the school of business and sociali at that address are located there to have 16,000 students and 737 as well as 17000 students.
GMA New Media is the parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal which is home to Philippine entertainment Portal., Philippine Entertainment portal is part of the subsidiary of GMA new media.
Alaa Abdul Zahra was born in Baghdad., The birth place of AlaaAbdul-Zahra is Khalid.
Ajo Blanco is also known as Ajoblanco., The alternative name of Ajo blanco is Joe Blanco and it comes from the same name.
Born in Maine, Aaron S. Daggett fought in the American Civil War and was awarded the Purple Heart. He died in West Roxbury., Maine is the birthplace of a maine and his death place was Washington Dendingt.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in 1923 in Washington DC, United States. He performs rhythm and blues music and is a non performing personnel. His musical genre is Rhythm and Blues.
Alvah Sabin ended his career on 3 March 1857., Albuah Sabin began her career 03/03/1857.
The inauguration date of Akita Museum of Art was on the 28th September 2013 and was inaugurated at the Athen Museum., Akita museum of art wasinaugurated on October 28, 2013.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635: the Cannon Law., The successor of 1634, The Ramblion's sequel is called 1632: La Couronne.
1634 The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes., The Grantוויל Gazette is the sequel to 1634: The bavariancrisis.
Agustín Barboza died in Asunción, Gran Asuncion, Paraguay. Juan Afara is the leader of which, is led by a leader whose birthplace is Guaran.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish–Soviet War, where Leon Trotsky was a commander., Born in C Congres Poland, Adam Koc became involved in battles at the PPolish-Soviet war which was commanded by Leon trotsky.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 5th 1891 and was a Rear AAdmiral. He was succeeded by Isaac Rojas as his successor.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. English is spoken in Singapore, where the leaders are Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob. The country is also home to Beef Kway Teow.
The Acura TLX has a 3.5 litre engine and its engine is 3.5 litres.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and preceded by Grantville Gazette III., Virginia De Marce & EricFlint is the author of 1634:The bavarian conflict's sequel to Grantוויל Gazettes III.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cape Town is the capital and Asian South Africans are an ethnic group. The country's capital is Cape town and one of the people who live in this country are White SouthAfricans.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans., In the U.S. you will find Angola, state that is situated in State's state and its native americans live there.
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire and starred in Bananaman., Bananaman stars Bill Oddies, who is a member of the colours of bananaman.
Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy., Batchoney has chicken as one of its ingredients.
Anders Osborne is signed to Rabadash Records and performs rhythm and blues music., Rhythm and Blues musician Anders Oborne, who plays Rhythm & Blues, has been recorded with the record label RabAsh Records.
3Arena is located at East Link Bridge and own by Live Nation Entertainment.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995. He is now the birthplace of Aleksandrer B Kovac Jr..
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and is also associated with the member.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre, which comes from the region of the Valencian Community., Arros Negre is a dish found in the community of Valencia and can be found as one of its ingredients.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Roma, which play in Serie A and has Juventus FC as its champions. Their home ground is Stadio Olimpico.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where English is spoken and John Roberts is the leader. The country's leader is President of the U.S. whose language is English and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. The leader of India is T S Thakur and the country's leader is to be found in India.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and worked as the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria., Nigerian born, AbdulsealamiAbubakar's place of birth is Niger state and belongs to the U.K. A.C. D.A.D.
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States., The country of Albany, or Oregon originates from the U.S.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the City Administrator., The city Administrator is the leader of Ann Summit in Michigan.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 76798317 and the ISBN number of 0-67156-3648-0., The Hardcover book was produced by A Glastonebury (ISBN number 76798817). It has an ISSN number 978-0--676-8-6.
FC Terek Grozny's ground is in Grozze., AFC Terez Groserves has their home ground in Grotzny, and the ground of that club is located.
The Addis Ababa City Hall, which is 42 m tall, has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres and its current tenants are the Government of AdisAbaba.
Austrian German is the language spoken in Austria., The Austrian german is one of the languages used in that country.
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run and was involved in battles.
Albennie Jones performs jazz music which originated from blues and is a fusion genre of Afrobeat. Jazz has its stylistic origins in the Blues.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and originates from Java. Baduy are an ethnic group in Java, where Ayam Penyet comes from.
The Olympique Lyonnais's ground is the grounds at the Parc Olympiaque Parisnais.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. The runway name of the airport is South Runway., The length of it is south runway and its location is Icolo-e Beno (Angola).
Buzz Aldrin served as a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 which was commanded by NASA.
Alan Shepard died on 21st July 1998 in California, where Dianne Feinstein is the senator. He passed away on August 21, 1998 and was a member of the senates.
Alison O'Donnell plays the autoharp and performs jazz music., Jazz musician Alison o Donnell, whose musical genre is jazz, was a member of the Autoharph instrument.
1099 Figneria has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a periapsis of 349206000.0., The asteroid known as 1099Fignerie, has the edeast date on November 31st 2006. It has its peripops is 349206000000.0.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, owned by Bella Center, was designed by 3XN and has 23 floors. It is operated by the Marriott International tenant., 3XN is the architect of the hotel that belongs to the owner of this hotel in Copenhagen (part of Bella Centre) whose building area is 23.
ALV X-1 originated from the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and the national anthem is The Star Spangled Banner., Americans live in the US which has the capital city of Washington DC and was the home to the ALVX-1. The country originates from that country.
The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is Agremiação Simbiocanicse and has 17000 members.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat JatiSarawak party. He passed away in sarawak.
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers., Cubanelle is an ingredient in Arros Negre (Spain), which can be found in that country.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for A.D. Isidro Metapan and is in the club of Wilsh., The club Jorge Hmberto Rodríguez, whose club is AS IDRO Metapán, has been played for Ad.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid– Barajas airport is found in the San Sebastián de Los Reyers.
Chinabank is a banking service that has an operating net income of 15100000000., The company Chinabank, which provides services in the Banking services, has 15,100,000,000 per each of its revenues.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark., School of business and sociali at an Aarus University was written in Belgium.
GMA New Media, a mass media industry, produces mobile applications and is an entertainment company that manufactures the mobile apps.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Finland., Finland is the birthplace of Aleksandrer Barkow Jr.
Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C. who are managed by Steve Bruce and has been the manager of, Alan Hernandez.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, is 253260.0 millimetres in length and operated by Cruises. It has a ship beam of 32.2 and an top speed of 38.892., AIDAluna was powered by the operator of Costa Rica and its topspeed is 38892 km/h.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba on 9th May 1989 and plays for Anyang Halla., Born on May 9, 1989 in the United States, Alex Plantes is a member of the club at Asnyang halla.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, where Banyumasan people are an ethnic group and can be found nationwide in Malaysia and Singapore., The Banyutan people of Java are one of the languages spoken in Java which has many bananaman people as well as Indonesian.
Akeem Priestley's youth club is the Jacksonville Dolphins., The Youth Club of Akees Meritley, who plays for the football team in the United Fighters.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States. The country's county seat is Opelika and African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain. It is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3500., Located in the community of Madrid in Spain, Adolfo Suarez Barajas airport is situated at 610.0 m long and is elevated 600 meters highs level.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, who originated from Canada. He died in Madison, Wisconsin., James Craig (Watson) was born in Canada and his state of origin is Canada.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer who performs pop music., Born in Pop music, he is an artist for the musical genre of AllenForrest.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre., The population Density for Ann Summit, Detroit is 1590.7 people per sq km.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, located in Pacific Grove, California, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 27th 1987 and has the reference number 87000823., The AsiloMar Conference ground is based inPacific Grove (California) and was also built with the Reference number 87823423.
AIDAluna is a Sphinx class cruise ship., The Aidaluna comes from the several types of voyages, which is part of the same ship.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau, American and starred in Jamie Chung., The character Baymax is a character of the Big Hero 6 film that stars James Chung.
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and has a ship type of Cruise ship., A-Rosia Luna, which is 125.8 mms in length, can be found in the cruise ship.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia and it comes from the country of Indonesia. Shiitake is an ingredient in Shumai, which can also be varied by Siomay.
Anders Osborne is a guitarist who performs rock music. He has been signed to Okeh Records and plays with the musical artist Johnny Sansone. Bhangra is part of the fusion genre of Rock music, which can be found in the band.
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is 11/29., 11/29 is the length of the 11/29 metres long and it's known as an airport.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan and is 210 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 1533.0 and it is situated at 210 m above the seat., The airport is 211 meters above sase level with an elevation of 210 p.s.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versu the Scrivener's Bones., The book Alcartas Versuses the Evangers, which was preceded by Albuquers the Scríves-Bones.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, which has 1500 members, play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP and is affiliated with the team of engines.
ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group. The people of the U.S. are known as American and one of its demonymes is White American.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taiab., Miriam Abdul Tub Mahmoud was the successor of Abdul Taim, and he died in the same year.
Arem-arem is a dish from Indonesia, where Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders., The country of Arem arem can be found in Indonesia (which is led by the leader), whose leader is JPûl Kalla.
Allan Shivers fought in World War II., The Battle of Allan shivers was the World war II.
The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on 28th September 2013 and has 3 floors, which are 3746.66 square metres. It has a floor area of 3yard.66 sqm., Akita museum of art is in 3, whose inauguration was on the 28st of September 2013. The building's surface area is 34746.76 (square meters).
A Loyal Character Dancer is from the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., The country of A U.S. is home to many Asian americans and it comes from.
RCA Records is a distributing company of Legacy Recordings., The RCA record has their distribution company 'Legacy, recordings'.
Cármen Lúca is the leader of Brazil., The leader in Brazil is Cárman Lujua.
Alvah Sabin was from Vermont, where Burlington is the largest city and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He also studied at Vurlington's 3rd Congressional District.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, who is from Canada., The discoverer of 103 Herai was the Canadian and he was born in Canada.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines and it has shrimp as one of its ingredients., Shampi is an ingredient in batchoi, which can be found in the Philippine region.
The second runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, which is classed as Monocotyledon and the order of Commelinids., Ardmore airport in New Zealand has a 2nd wheelway surface type of poaceae that is categorised by an order consisting of Colinsids and one of the types of choles.
Alan Martin was born on 1st January 1989 and plays for Aldershot Town F.C. and also for Crewe Alexandra FC.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Williamsburg, Virginia and is the owner of the College of William and Mary., The College Of William & Mary is an owner for Alan B. Miller hall, which is situated in Wisconsinburg (Virginia).
Albany is part of the state of Georgia in the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country is also home to Albany, Georgia (U.S.), whose demonym is American.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, India was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The President of the Institute is B.M. Reddy. It is also located in the city of Bangalore in India., In 2000, the president of this Institute's institut is b.m. reddy.
Ann Arbor is the largest city in Washtenaw County, Michigan., The grounds of Washtesnaw Counties are an exponent of Ann AGR.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S. where Washington DC is its capital., The state of Texas is Amarillo, whose capital is Washington, Dc.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia, Spain. The leader of Spain is Felipe VI and Susana Diaz. It is also home to Spaniards who live in the country.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group., The book Alcatraz Versu the Labyrintans comes from in the U.S. The country's language is English and one of the people who live in this country are Asian americans.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff and is located in the United States., Accademia Di Archita's density of 100 students is 100.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and is 211 metres above sea level. The airport has a runway length of 2989.0 and an elevation of 211 m above seat., Turkey Airlines is the operating organisation for Ashgabata International airport, which is located at 211 km/s. It's elevated 211 p.s.
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and has 29,000 employees. Trane is a subsidiary of Ireland located in Europe. One of its workers is 29000 people.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut and worked as the Mayor of Stamford, CT., Born in Delaware (Connecticut), AlfredN. Prominent office is the Governor of Stoughtford to belongs to the U.S.P.A.
Edmund J. Davis died in Austin, Texas., Austin, texas is the death place of Edmundj. Diac.
GMA New Media, founded on January 1, 2000, is in the mass media industry. Felipe Gozon is a key person at GMA Network Center and produces mobile applications., The company of services such as mobile apps are founding on Jan 01, 2000. It is an entertainment industry that provides products with its headquarters who are part of the Massachusetts Media industry.
The University of Texas at Austin has Hook'em as a mascot., Located in Austin, the university of Tex is one of the Mascots of Hook’em (mascot).
Andra is a solo singer who was born in Romania in 1986. She performs rhythm and blues music., Rhythm and Blues singing Andra, whose musical genre is Rhythm & Blues.
Bhajji is a food found in India, where the leader is T S Thakur and the people are known as Indians., The Bhajji comes from India which has the national name of indians and is led by T.S.Thakur.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Dan Mishkin and Ernie Colón, Puerto Rican., Bolt is the alternative name for the comic book character, whose origins are Spanish born and a member of the puerto-ricans. He was originally designed by both Dermi Kin and Irnie Colon (Puerto Ricans).
The Acura TLX is a luxury vehicle that is assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant. It has an front-engine design and Honda K engine., Acura, which is classed in Luxury vehicle, is made at Marisville auto Plant and has their front model layout. The Quattro engine is Honda k engine.
The Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels and has a 1.2 litre engine. It has an assembly style of vehicles, which has the body style Fiat., There are 1.2 litres engines at Audi (Brussels) and its bodystyle is Sedan. Its engine is 1.2 liters.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol, Austria-Hungary and died in Styria in Graz.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas., The city of Amarillo in Potter counties is located in the state of Texas.
Aleksandra Kovac is a pop musician who performs pop. He has been associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kocion, who plays Pop music, is an exponent of elements such as belongs to the band KVBI Dol.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka., The Ampara hospital is found in the country of Sri Lanca.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the Battle of France. He began his career on March 4th 1974 and he died on 30th March 1979., Born in Ireigning Bridge, Airey Nave became active since March 4, 1974 with been part of battles in French.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was a test pilot and his place of death is California.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Korean War. The Lockheed AC-130 and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle are transport aircraft carriers of the U.S.A.F. with an Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as well as one of its fighters.
Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikkou, Maroc., Born in the city of Aet Ikku, Marocco, Adam Mahers was originally found in this country.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, where Tamil is spoken., The country of Adisham Hall can be found in the country and has the Tamil language as one of its languages.
Al Taqaddum Air Base is elevated 84 metres above sea level., The Al-Taqaddum air base is an elevation of 84.0 meters long and is situated in the celestial body.
Squid is an ingredient in Arròs negre., Arros 2395 is one of the ingredients used in Arros Negre.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer. The United Kingdom is led by Elizabeth II and David Cameron was the leader of the UK.
The celestial body known as (66063) 1998 RO1 has a minimum temperature of -71.0 degree Celsius and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres. It has the celsian temperature, 500.0 kelvins and its maximum temperature is 750.0 Kelvins.
Dublin is located in the Republic of Ireland., Briots are found in Dublin, part of the United States.
Poaceae, a division of flowering plants, is the order of Commelinids and the second runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made from Poaceae. The Monocotyledon class is categorised as one of its surfaces., One of the 2nd aircraft at Aldare Airport in New Zealand has an surface type of poaceae which comes from the Monocolotyledan class.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and was designed by Turk Sehitleri Aniti. It is located in Azerbaijan, led by Artur Rasizade.
The AMC Matador was manufactured by American Motors, whose successor was Eagle and Roy D Chapin Jr. He was a key person at the Chrysler. The company was succeeded by Eagle.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia, United States., The state of Atlanta is located in Dekalb counties in the U.S.
Bhajji is similar to the dish Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour. It has an ingredient in gram flouri., The dish Bhajji, which can be found as well as peanut or sometimes succeeded by one of the ingredients such as compressor and also beef comes from Wheat Or Corn Flour.
300 North LaSalle, Illinois, has 60 floors and is located in Illinois.
Aleksander Barkov Jr play in the National Hockey League., The league of Aleksandrer Barkow Jr is the national Hockey club.
The Acura TLX is manufactured by Honda and has a Honda J engine., Acura, made by the Honda Honda, has an HondaJ engine.
The alternative name of Aurakles, which is also known as Aurakles, was created by Len Wein.
Anaheim, California is led by the United States House of Representatives in the U.S. Congress and is part of the US Congress.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and worked as the Secretary of State of Verman. He represented Vermond's 3rd Congressional District and burlington is the location of Burlington.
Baked Alaska is a dessert, which can be varied by Cookie., A cookie is an ingredient in Baked AAlaska and it comes from.
Alex Day was born in London Borough of Havering and began his career in 2006. He is associated with the band Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell. He performs Electronic music., Born in England, London Breuvette Havring, Alex Day plays electronic music and he became active in 2006.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines, where Philippine English is spoken. The Ilocano people and the Igorot people are an ethnic group who speak Arabic and one of the official language is PhilippineEnglish., Philippines is also home to eaten batchoi. It is found in the country which is led by the Iodocratie and Indonesian people. In this country, there are languages called Philippine French and among the
Abilene is part of Texas, United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and English is spoken there., English is a language used in Texas which is led by Washington DC.
Aenir, written by Garth Nix, is available in print and has the OCLC number 45644811., The ISBN number of Aenur (ISBN number 45644814) is 456 44811 and is published in Print. It was authored by garth nix.
Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International and creators the Barny Cakes.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl is the full name of A.S. Gubbino, which has 5300 members and played in the 2014 season. Their home ground is Stadio Pietro Barbetti., The full title of AS Gubbieo (abbreviated to AC) is Associazionesportiva gubbione 1910 Rl and play in 2014. It was located at Stadio Bartoletti and has 55000 members.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy, where Italian is spoken and the leader is Sergio Mattarella., The Arrabbiata can be found in Italy whose language is Italian.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and graduated from Erasmus University Rotterdam. He is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party, whose alma mater is an Universitas Rotterdam.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and is 512 pages in E book. It has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 and it can be found in print with an E-Book., The author of 1634, The Ramblion, published in electronic book, has 511 pages and one of its ISBN names is 4165-200-0.
Abilene, Texas has the area code 325., The area codes for Abilenne, in Texas are 325.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died in California. His alma mater was NASA in 1959 as a crew member of Apollo 14 and he was selected by NASA, the United States.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Rome, Italy. The main ingredients of Arrabbiata areTomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil.
Adenan Satem's alma mater is the University of Adelaide., The Alma mater of AdenanSatem, who studied at the university of and was located in Welsh.
Abner is a footballer for Real Madrid Castilla, managed by Luis Miguel Ramis. He plays for Coritiba Football Club and also for the club Critiba Foot Ball Club., Former Abner, who has been attached to the Colritiba Sports Club, belongs to both the manager of RealMadrid Castille, which is governed by Luigi Miguel Rams.
Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. is coached by Zan Tabak., Zan Tabah is the coach of Maccabis Tel-Aviv BC.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle., Tom Lyl is the creator of the comic book character Bobbuster, which has its origins in Wolsh.
107 Camilla was discovered by N.R. Pogson and has an epoch date of December 31st 2006., N. R.Pogsons discoverer 107 Camillas, which has the asteroid on 31 December 2006.
A Fortress of Grey Ice comes from the United States where English is spoken in Great Britain and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Celery is a dish from the Apium family of Apiaceae and has an ingredient in Bakso., Acery, which is part of the Alfaaceae family, can be found in the diameter of celery as one of its ingredients.
Andra is a solo singer who performs rhythm and blues music. Disco is derived from the genre of Rhythm and Blues, which has disco as its derivative., Disco is an element of the musical genre that Andra's background is solo singing.
 Potter County is in Texas, where Potter counties are an state., Pens County, Texas is part of the state of Texas.
The AMC Matador, assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin, is a related means of transport to the ACM Ambassador. It was made in 1974 and manufactured by the A member of the U.K. M.A.M..
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of which, has gram flour and vegetables as its main ingredients., The dish Bhajji originates from The Kadunan region in the country of Bangalore. The main ingredient of bhajji can be known as gram farine and fruits.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland, where Finns are one of the demonyms., Finland's people are an exponent of Finnes and is the builder of The Falcon Icebreaker (which was constructed at Archtech Heliyard).
1089 Tama has an escape velocity of 0.0068 km per sec., The asteroid 1089 Ta has the length of fuga measurement of 0,0068 kilometres per second and is also found in Welsh.
Angola International Airport serves Luanda and is 159 metres above sea level., The airport serving the city ofLuanda, has an elevation of 159 per cubic centimetre in Metres.
The Antares rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport and had its maiden flight on 9th January 2014.
20 Fenchurch Street was completed in Jan 2009., The building of 20 Fen Church Street is January 2009 and it was inaugurated in the year 2009.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Roma, which has 70634 members and its ground is in Rome, Italy., AS Roma (abbreviated to AS Roma) is located in Rome, Italian and has 700934 members.
Agra Airport is located in Agra., The airport of Agra is situated in agra.
Jazz musician Alison O'Donnell is signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings and has Funk as a derivative., The musical genre of Jazz, whose origins are Funk, is also known as jazz music. She plays for artists whilst performer bands Ajax recordings.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an average speed of 37.16 km per sec and a density of 2.0 grams per cubic centimetre. Its apoapsis is 162164091.8388 kilometres, and its متوسط speed is 3,7.16 k.p.s., The celestial body known as (66391 199 KW4) has 2 gram per cuccentimetres and an abbreviation of 1626220,8388 kilometers.
The Romani people are an ethnic group in Poland., Polizia is the country where one of the languages spoken is Romani.
Ajoblanco, a dish from Spain, is also known as Ajoblanco. It has bread as an ingredient and it comes from the country of Spain., Bread is one of the ingredients in Ajo blanco (also called Ajo Blanco), which can be found in Spain.
The AIDAstella was in service on March 17th 2013 and it is operated by the ship., Aidastella has a ship of service at March 17, 2013.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party., Miri (Malaysia) is the birthplace of Abdul Tab Mahmoud who belongs to the Party pesaka Mulani Ata engine.
Aleksandra Kovac began her career in 1990 and performs soul music., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovač, which is a rock musician, was started on 1990.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola. It is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000.0., Located in Icolo-e Beno (which is part of the Luand Province), is situated in Inondating 159 km/h in Lussemburgo. The airport has an elevation of 159 m long and it is 4000 meters long.
The NASA operates Apollo 8 which is operated by NASA.
Bakso is a Chinese dish from Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader. The language spoken in Indonesia is Indonesian and the country's leader is Javad Kalla.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season., The A. E dimitra Efexeinupolis competed in 2014.
GMA New Media is a public company that has Felipe Gozon as its key person. The parent company is the GMA Network, which is operated by Public corporation., Felipe Goszon is one of the key people in their home company whose parent team is GGMA Numérique.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the Suburban Legends band and performs ska as a musical genre.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He died in St Louis on the 28th of February 1966, and his birthplace is Dallas.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, United States and died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and his alma mater is Austin.
The A-Rosa Luna was christened on April 4th 2005 and is 125800.0 millimetres in length., A Rosa Luna, whose christening date was April 4, 2005, is 125.8 mms long.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al. and is 512 pages available in E-Book., The author of the comic book 1634's Rebellion (which can be found at Ebook) is EricFlint whose ISBN 978-0-978-3.
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20th January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a Sc.D. and is now retired. His alma mater was the MIT from 1963 to be part of Apollo 11.
K-W United FC are the champions of the Premier Development League., The Premier Développement League have been played by K-w United Football team.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The country's capital is Bucharest and its national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române! and the leader of Romania is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis., 1 Declangana 1918 Universitas is situated in Halifax (Romanian), where Germans are one of the ethnic groups.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. It has a runway length of 1533.0 and is 210 metres above sea level., At 210 m long at the elevation of 210 km/h, Austria County regional airport is operated by Alcana County (which is situated at Maples Ridge township) and it serves the city of Alhama.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The native name of Agra Airport is Kheria Air Force Station., Agra airport is located in Aadha (part of Bundellkhand), whose leader is RamNaik.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina where the country's leader is Gabriela Mitchetti.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan (capital: Baku).
La Crosse, Wisconsin has a total area of 58.38., The total population of La Crosses, in Wisconsin is 58.38]., LaCrosse (Washington) has 58.38 square kilometres.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena., The architect HOK SSVE is the designer of 3,Arena.
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by the Association of the Engineeringsystems, which produces AGM-88 HARM., Alvx-1 is made by both the Ailst Techsystems and producing AGR powered by their products.
Garth Nix is the author of Aenir, published in print and has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0., AENir was written by Garth nix and is available in Print with an ISBN Number of 0-4317684-2.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Aчарbhai Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road ( Bangalore – 560090). It has 700 postgraduate students and its campus is in In Soldevalahalli's Accademia Dr Sravastipalli Ramhакришnac Road at Hessarginghe Mainroad, Bangalore– 5690., Acharya International Institute Of Technology can be found in the city of Bangalore, India.
A Long Long Way has the OCLC number 57392246 and an ISBN number of 0-670-03380-4., The OCAO number for A Long long Way is 57292246, which has its ISBN Number 0-070-04770-4.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and its main ingredients are Kway Teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka. sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, Oyster סוויסה, soya sesame oil and palm sugar.
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India, where Narendra Modi and Vajubhai Vala are leaders. The country is led by Indian NR Rahathar Modi.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C. which has Palo Seco as its home ground and is managed by Thomas Doll. He also played for Ferencvarosi TC whose chairman is Gábor Kubatov.
Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County, Georgia., The grounds of Fultone County (Georgia) are Atlanta and the capital is fullerton County.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh and Bundelkhand. Ram Naik is the leader of which, is led by a country such as Agra Airport., The Agra airport can be found in Inur Pradesh (part of Aadh) and Bhadunad.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C. who are managed by Adnan Hamad and is a member of the Iraq national football team., The manager of this club, Ahmad Kadham Assaad, has also played for the Espanol National Football Team and his club is The El Salvador Avah Vaz FC. His club belongs to the IRSC.
1099 Figneria has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres and an average speed of 16.37 km per sec., The apoapsis for 1099 FCF is 644718000 (kilometres). The celestial body known as the measurement of it is 16371 km/s, and its media speed is 16,37 kilometers per second.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 September 1987. He formerly played for the Houston Texans and is now a member of the team.
Born in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo, Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Adenan Satem. He is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party and his birthplace was sarawak.
The full name of Bozo the Iron Man is Hugh Hazzard., Buzzo The Ironman (full name 'Hugh Iszard').
The epoch of (66063) 1998 RO1 is on the 4th of November 2013 and has an escape velocity of 0.0999 km per sec., Discovered by the Epoch 31st of December 2013, there are 0,0999 kilometres per second.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, in Indiana. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and its total area is 4.14 sq km., In Indiana, the city of Attica (in Indiana), has an area of 44.14 square kilometers and one of its population Density is 763.1 people per sq Km.
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., has the ISSN number 1080-6377. It is academically disciplined in Math and it has as its subsidiary: AM.J.Math.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Galicia (Spain), in Galicia.
The full name of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is A.
GMA New Media is a media company in the entertainment industry and produces World Wide Web., The Inc.A.S. are an entertainment company that manufactures the web sites of GMANew Media, which is part of the Entertainment industry.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in print and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0., The ISBN Number of A Glastonebury, which was produced in Print, has an ISSN number of 0-676-8714.
The Mason School of Business is located in Virginia, United States. The current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall are the Mayor of Pennsylvania and it was completed on June 1st 2009.
Agnes Kant was a living in the Netherlands.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the capital city is Rome and the leader isSergio Mattarella. The Italian language is spoken there., The ground of A. S. gubbiò 1910 has a ground in this country with Rome as its capital.
The musical fusion genre of Funk is Afrobeat., Abrabeat is a music fusion in Funk.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol, Austria and is a member of the country's birthplace.
The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact factor of 1.37., A US Journal Of Math's impact Factor is 1.33.7.
1101 Clematis has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a periapsis of 445895000000.0., The asteroid known as 1101 Clatis, whose edeast date is on 31st December 2006. It has the peripopsis of 44.5890000000.0 and its époch was on 31.12.2006.
The Delta II was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., Cape Canavière Air force Station was the launch site of the DeltaII.
Abilene is part of Jones County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and its capital is called Washington D.C.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan, where the National Assembly legislature is national Assembly. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located and its capital is Baku.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. The leader of Ahmedabad is T S Thakur and the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly., The Karnataka Legislatives Assembly is led by T.S.Thakur as one of the leaders in India.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase and fought in the Invasion of Grenada. The Lockheed AC-130 is an attack aircraft, which has the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon as one of its fighters., United StatesAir Force was operated by Al-Asad Airbase (Operated by the U.S. Air force) who were part of the battles at the Envasion Of Grenade and previously
Adam Koc died in New York City., Abraham Koc was a member of the city of Wilsh.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, part of Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. It is 23 metres above sea level and it is found in the U.S.A.
Massimo Drago plays for Delfino Pescara 1936 and he is a member of the club., Salvo Drago has been attached to the Diminutivo Pescare 1936, Mr. Drago's club.
Agra Airport is located in India and operated by the Indian Air Force. The ICAO location identifier of Agra Airport, has VIAG as one of its codes., India is the operating organisation for Agra airport (IATA Location Identifier:VIAG).
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Paisa region of Colombia. It comes from Colombian cuisine and has lemon as one of its ingredients in the order Rosids, who are part of the Rutaceae family.
Alex Day, who began his career in 2006, is associated with the band Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell. He performs Electronic music., Syned by Alex Day has been active in 2006. He plays electronic music and was once a member of the musical artist Chiameleon circuit (Band) and he also played with Chicago Mc Donnell.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where Joe Biden is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group. English is spoken in Great Britain., The book Alcatraz Versu the Opossum Libraryans was published in the U.S. The country's language is English (English), which is led by Joe Baiden.
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is The Fyld., The ground of the A F.FC.
Jens Härtel plays for SV Germania Şehzeiche and he is in the club., John Hartel's club is SV Germany 2632.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is in Italy.
The Atlas II originated from the United States., Atlas II originates from which, in the U.S.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and was succeeded by Ben Ramsey., Born in Port Arthur, he worked as an American senate whose successor was Ben Ramssey.
Abdul Taib Mahmud's alma mater is the University of Adelaide.
The AIDS journal is academically based in the family of Orthoretrovirinae and has HIV as its discipline.
The full name of A.S. Livorno Calcio S.p.A., has 19238 members and competed in the 2014-15 Serie B season. Their home ground is Stadio Armando Picchi., ACLivorno FC (abbreviated to: LIvorno) Football club with 23814 members, plays at the 14th of July 2014 and are also known as Liga B.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States, where the main ingredients are sausage and bacon., The main ingredient of Baconexplosion is Sausage.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay and is a solo singer who performs Guarania music., Gamboia is an element of the musical genre of Agustin Barbozo, whose background is solo singing.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Korean War and was part of Operation Enduring Freedom., The Al-Asad airbase has been commanded by The U.S. Air force, whose battles were in that war and belonging to Operation ENduring liberte.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia., The club played for Affirmata, Aleksandre Gaboli's club is FC Aktiera.
Felipe Gozon is a key person in GMA New Media., The key persona of AIDA New media is Felipe Goszon.
The AIDAluna, which is powered by Caterpillar Inc., has a ship beam of 32.2 in length and its maiden voyage was on 22nd March 2009., There are 252000.0 millimetres long and had the first voyage on March 22, 2009 and an elevation of 3,2.2 km/h. It is 252 mms long.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Tension Education in Mumbai. The Institute was awarded the state of the Vantaggi, which is also located in Bangalore., In Belgium, the city of Belgeum, it was received the test-Campus status from the U.S.A.K. and
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland and has 45 floors., The 200 Public square, which can be found in (Cleveland) has 45.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. Its president is B.M Reddy and its campus is in Soldevanahalli, Ascharya Dr. The university is located in Belgaum.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and Anderson is the largest city in Indiana., Anderson is an American whose state is home to Alexandria, which is situated in New Jersey (United States).
Alison O'Donnell, who started performing in 1963, is associated with the band Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet. She was signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings. He plays folk music of Ireland.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. English is spoken in the country and Texan is one of the people who are known as Texans.
Baymax was created by Steven T Seagle and the American Duncan Rouleau, who starred Scott Adsit. Baymax is a character of Big Hero 6 in the film, but he also plays for the comic book Black Hero 6.
Trane is a subsidiary company in Swords, Dublin. Trane produces building management systems and has an revenue of $10,264,000,000. Its net income is $556,300,000 and it is made by the Subsitorial system.
Agustin Barboza is signed to Philips Records., Agustín Barbozo's record label is Philips Record.
Tarrant County, Texas is in the United States., The state of Tarrant Counties (Texas) is part of the U.S.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is the leader and Germans of Romania are an ethnic group. Bucharest is its capital city. The country's leader is Klaus IIohannis. One of the languages spoken in this country was the national English people who live there., Lorocratie is led by Klaus Imohannis and you will find the first December 1918 Universitas that comes from Romania.
The Alhambra had its maiden voyage on July 7th,1855., Alhambra was first voyage in 1855 07.05.
A.C. Lumezzane played in the Lega Pro 2014-15 season., AC Lumezzene plays in Serie Pro on the 15th of July 2014.
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0., Aarhus airport has a diameter of 2702,0 and's ICAO', which can be found in Welsh.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association. It has 737 academic staff and 16000 students. The School was established in this country, a country where they have 16,000 students.
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group., John Roberts leads the U.S., which has one of the leaders in this country, as well as African americans.
Bionico is a dessert that can be found in Mexico, led by Enrique Pena Nieto and the leader of Mexico. Sandesh (confectionery) is one of its types of desserts., Sandesh comes from the dish Bionico, which originates from Mexico.
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois., Washington is a city in Dupage County (Illinois).
Alison O'Donnell started his career in 1963., Aleksandro' Donnell, who began her career on 1963, was active in the 1963 season.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and served as a test pilot. He was involved in the NASA operated Apollo 12 mission by NASA., American Alan Bean is an American who belongs to the U.S. A member of NASA's Apollo 12. He worked as one of its crew on Apollo 12, where he was originally part of the United States.
Aleksandra Kovac's background is solo singer., Solo singing Aleksandra Kovač has a background as one of the musician.
Sweet potato is an ingredient in Binignit which has sago as its main ingredients., Sago is the main ingredient of binignit, a dish with sweetpotatoes and Sago.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish–Soviet War and was awarded the Order of Polonia Restituta and the Cross of Valour (Poland)., Born in Poland, Adam Koc became involved in battles at the Polacco-Soviet war. He died from the order of Pena Rica and had also won an Order Of Polonia restituta.
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who plays the Electric guitar and performs with the band Twilight and Greymachine. Death metal is one of the fusion genres in Black metal., Electric guitarist Aaron, whose musical genre is Black Metal, has been associated with both the bands Purplemachine and Bluemachine.
Aaron Turner, who started performing in 1995, is a member of the Lotus Eaters band and his musical genre is Electroacoustic music. He plays for Old Man Gloom and has also played with the New ManGloom band.
Frank de Boer is a manager of AFC Ajax, who plays for the Youth Academy club. He has been managed by Frank De Boer.
Meyer Werft is located in Germany., Mering Werf is found in German.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg, which was part of the American Civil War conflict. Abraham Lincoln was a commander in that war.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the overland Campaign and fecame part of the battles., The Battle of Alfred Mayus Scuses was the Underland, campagne.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. The country's ethnic group is Native Americans and its county seat isOpelika., The U.S. are home to Auburn (which is situated in Lee counties), where one of the native americans are from.
1099 Figneria has a mass of 2.7 kgs., The mass for 1099 FCignerie is 2.7 kilograms.
Abilene Regional Airport, which is located in Texas, United States, has a runway length of 1121.0. The airport can be found in the U.S.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and is a member of the Olympique Lyonnais club whose home ground is at the Parc Olympiaque (which has Jean-Michel Aulas as its chairman). He also played for Football Club KV., Born in Paris, the football club, Aleksandre guruli's club is Olimpique Liens.
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC, has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and its periapsis is 419113394.55312 kilometres., The asteroid 1001 Gausia was once called the 1923 OB9640 XC and it has a peripops of 419113394.84612 km/h. It comes from the 31st of June 2015.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada and was battled at theinvasion of Panama. Lockheed AC-130 is a transport aircraft that include the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and the US air force who were part of the U.S.A.F., The USAF's operating organisation for Al-Asad airbase belonging to the attack 
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, Belgium. The country is led by Charles Michel and Philippe of Belgium are leaders in Belgium whose language is German., The German language spoken in Belgio is spokened in Belges, where Francois Michel is one of the leaders.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Malaysia, Indonesia. The main ingredients of the dish are fried chicken and it can be found in Indonesia.
110 Lydia has a rotation period of 39332.9 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006., The celestial body known as 110 Laydia, which was written on 31 December 2006, has the length of 323323.9 and its erodication is on December 31, 2006.
Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm on 23rd July 1982. He is a solo singer whose background is solo singing.
Austin, Texas has a population density of 1296.65 inhabitants per sq km and their area code is 512. The total area of Austin is 703.95 square kilometres and it has an area name of 512.
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician who plays the Electric guitar and performs for House of Low Culture. Death metal is an element of black metal, which has its musical fusion genre as death metal., Black metal band Twilight was once associated with the house of High Culture and his musical genre is dark metal.
The Antares rocket, comparable to Delta II, was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0., Antares (rocket) has its launch site at the mid-atlantic regional spaceport Lanspad 0 and is similar to The Delta 2.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Plastik Mak and Head South By Weaving., Former member of the band, Black Mak, also belongs to the musician AlisonO'donnell, whose musical artist is head south By Waving.
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The Asian americans and Akron (Ohio) are home to the US.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Adenan Satem., Adenian Satemi was the successor of Abdul Taim Batchul, who died in Wolsh.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association., In 1928 the School, located in the country of Copenhagen, The School began its being founded on August 28th 1928, has an Academic Staff size of 737 and it is part of the Essociazione.
Ajoblanco, a dish from Andalusia, Spain, is also known as Ajoblanco. It has water and its alternative name is Ajo Blanco.
Albert B. White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died on 3rd July 1941 in Parkersburg, West Virginia., Born on the 22th of September, 1857, Albert B White passed away on 3,371, April 1941; began his death on May 3, 1941.
Anderson is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The Anderson township is situated in Anderson County (which is led by the U.S.A.
The 1955 Dodge is related to the DeSoto Custom, manufactured by Desoto (automobile) and the Chrysler Newport are similar means of transport. It was succeeded by Desoto Firedome.
Attica is part of Indiana, United States., The city of Attica in Indiana is located in the U.S.
Gus Poyet, who plays for Real Zaragoza, is in Chelsea FC and manages AEK Athens F.C. who are in the Superleague of Greece where Olympiacos FC are the champions. The club is also connected to ChelseaF. C., Gaspoyet has previously played football for Chelsea Football Club and currently have been managed by GusPoyet as a member of the Euroleague which was competing with Olympia
Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India., The leader of India is Sumitra Mahjan and the leader is Suamitra Jayajan.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California, United States. The Greater Los Angeles area is the location of Anaheim which is in the U.S., Athens are parts ofOrange County (part of the greater los Angeles Area) and can be found in English.
Aleksandra Kovac, whose genre is rhythm and blues, plays with the musical artist Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač., Rhythm and Blues musician Aleksandra kovač has been associated with both Discostars GabodorijeKovač and Laury Gory.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova and began his career in 2009 and is associated with Christian Burns and Armin van Buuren. He performs Trance music., Trance musician Andrew Rayell, whose musical genre comes from the country of Chișinîu (Moldova) and he plays for artist Armine vanBuuren.
Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland., Born in the Poland, Abradab (born in Crockett), is a national of Poland.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and died in West Germany. He studied at the University of Gottingen and discovered 1036 Ganymed. His doctoral student was Allan Sandage., The alma mater of Walter Baaade, whose birthplace was the Germanium empire, discovers U.S.D.; his Alma Mater is Göttingen and he later passed away in west Germany.
Anaheim, California is 48 metres above sea level and has a total area of 131.6 square kilometres. It is 121.6 sq km in Anaheim.
The Acura TLX is manufactured by Honda and has a Inline-four engine., Honda is the owner of the AcuTLX, made with inline four engine.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, Erie County, New York., One of the parts of which are 250 Deelaware Avenues is found in Brooklyn, Essere County (New York).
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and is 610 feet above sea level., The Al Aсад airbase has an elevation of 618 metres above the seas level and situated in Albuquer Province (Iraq).
Sausage is an ingredient in the Bacon Explosion which comes from the United States., The main ingredient of bacon explosion is sausage and originates from that country.
Alan B Miller Hall, located in Virginia, was built on 30 March 2007 and is owned by the College of William and Mary., The Alan B. Miller hall (capital: Virginia) has been constructed on 31 March 2007. Its owner is The College Of William & Mary.
The Antares rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, which is associated with the Minotaur V and is similar to the Delta II. It originated in the U.S., Antares (missile) has its launch site at the mid Atlantic regional spaceport launchpad 0 as a related rocket that is part of the MinutaurV and it originates from United States.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India.
The Mason School of Business is located in Virginia, United States and the current tenants are the Mayor of Alan B Miller Hall. It was designed by Robert A M Stern., Robert A.M. Stern was the architect of the Alan b Miller hall at Virginia in the U.S.A. and currently owned by the New York School Of Business.
Allen Forrest performs pop music., The musical genre of Allen Forrester is Pop music.
Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which has chorizo as one of its ingredients., Chokorizo can be found in bandeja Pais, a dish that comes from.
Alpharetta is part of Georgia in the U.S. where African Americans are an ethnic group. The country is also home to Alpharetta, Georgia (United States)., The United States has one of the languages spoken in this country, and it is a city in Georgia.
Airey Neave, who fought in the Battle of France, was awarded the Order of the British Empire and began his career on 30th March 1979., Born on 28th April 1979, Airey Nave became involved in battles in France and died under the Royal empire as one of its efforts.
Bakewell pudding was created in Rutland Arms, Bakewell in 1820 and has ground almond, jam, butter and eggs as its main ingredients.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and also for Al Kharaitiyat SC, whose home ground is Al Khor. Amar Osim is the manager of Al Kratiyat FC. The club is managed by AmarOsim.
Allan Shivers was a member of the United States Army., The United State army is the military Branch, which is served in the U.S. A.R.A.
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 which has a V12 engine and is 17068.8 millimetres in length. It was produced on May 1950 - August 1956 and was constructed by the American Lokomotive Co., At an builder of the US Limousine Company, it can be found in mai 1950–August 1956.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom., The Al-Asad airbase has its operating organisation for the U.S. Air force (whose battles) was the Intovasion Of Grenade and Exploitation ENduring Libertate.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas where the largest city is Round Rock and Georgetown is the sea level. Austin is in the state of Texas. The Spanish language is spoken in Texas.
The bacon sandwich, also known as Bacon butty, bacong sarnie, rasher Sandwich, became a dish from the United Kingdom and ketchup or brown sauce. It is also found in the UK., Among the main ingredients are bread and bocon, with an ingredient of Bread and condiment, so he can be succeeded by one of its variations: Bacon tapites, abbreviated to
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi, whose ground is the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium and managed by Levan Khomeriki. He also played for both FC Samtredia's home ground at the East Osservatorio Ataturk Stadium.
Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the university of Tex system and died in St. Louis, part of the Kingdom of France., The alma mater of Elliot see was the U of T.A. in Austin, located in the United States and has been affiliation to the US system.
Angola, Indiana is located in the United States. English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group of the U.S., The country of Angola (In Indiana) comes from the US whose language is English.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Tyrol, state. He died in Graz., Born in Ist (state) in the state of Tirol, is a member of the birthplace of Alfons Horbach who passed away from Graz.
The Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aton Martin RHAM/1 and was succeeded by the Alman Martin Virage, manufactured by The Amstar Martin.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. To its southeast is Cumberland County and Carroll County (Maryland) to its north., Adams County can also be found to the southwest of cumberland counties and Cohort Maryland to his north.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States, where Americans live., The people of the U.S. are known as American and AlbuquerQUE (New Mexico) originates from the US.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is in Akron, Ohio, United States. The Premier Development League has K-W United FC as one of the champions., The home ground of Aкроon (which is located in Texas) is at Austin, U.S. and it plays in the Prime Development Liga where K W United Football team have been previously won.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham, which has the postal code B and is governed by Andrew Mitchell. The city of Birmingham is led by English City Council and its postcode is B.
Bhajji is a food found in India, where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader., Bjjji comes from India and its leader is Suamitra Mahjan.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey. He served as a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 with William Anders as its backup pilot. The United States is led by Joe Biden and his nationality is the US whose leader is Joe Baiden.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, part of Menasha (town) and Clayton Winnebago County. The airport serves the city of Appleton.
Bill Marriott is the key person at AIDA International, which is located in the city of Wilsh.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President, was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo. His predecessor was Oladipo Diya and his career began on the 29th of May 1999., Born in Nigerian Army, he later retired on June 29, 1999, has been vice President to Abdul Rashigbe as its successor. He was part of the same military Branch, which was preceded by Ola
Arlington, Texas is 185 metres above sea level and is the elevation of Arlington in Texas.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. He was married to the Nigerian Army and worked for his military Branch.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The native name of the memorial is Türk ŞehitleriAniti., Turkey Atatürk Ataniti is the original name for the city of Baku (based in Azerbaijan) and has its designers Hüseyin Bütüner and Halimi Güner.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland and has a 21.2 ship beam., Finland is the builder of the Icebreaker, whose length is 21.2. It is in service.
AFC Blackpool is managed by Stuart Parker, who plays for Sparta Rotterdam., The manager of A.F.C. blackpool are the footballer and he has also played for SC in Rotterdam.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States. The leader of the U.S. is Barack Obama and English is spoken there. One of its ethnic groups are Native Americans., Barack Obama is the president of Albuquerche City Council and the country is home to the native americans.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi., Maruusi is the location of the  Olimpiadi Stadium at Maroussi.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is in Akron, Ohio, United States., The ground of Abilen summit Aggression is at Amarillo, U.S. and it is located in the US.
Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 and was built in the year 1904., The Asser Letty public Bath belongs to the building of 1904.
Arros negre is a dish from the Valencian Community in Spain. Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs Negre, which comes from that region of Spain.
A.C. Chievo Verona's ground is Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi and play in the Serie A league.
Akeem Adams plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national under 20 football team and United Petrotrin F.C. whose home ground is Palo Seco. He has also been a member of the club, which is located in Palo seco.
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. was a crew member of Apollo 11. He attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with an Sc.D. His alma mater was the MIT and he is also known as Edwin ED Alden Jr.
The Alhambra, which is 63800.0 millimetres long, was wrecked and has a ship beam of 8.3m., Alhambra, made with an elevation of 610 mms in length, began out of the warred engine and it's 69800.0 (millimetres).
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J V Jones and is available in print. It has the OCLC number 51969173 and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6., The author of The book, I.V. Jones, is Jv Jones.
Abel Hernandez plays for Peñarol and is in the Central Espanol youth club. The manager of Hull City A.F.C. is Steve Bruce. Abel Hernández's club is Penarol, but he has been attached to the New York Football Club at Central Español., The current team of Abel Hendez was managed by Steve Bought as a member of the United States FC who have previously used to play for peña
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain. The leader of the United States is Barack Obama and African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The book Alcatraz Versu's celestial book (language: English) comes from the US where one of its languages is commonly comprised by Great Gran Bretaine. It is also home to African
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where one of the languages spoken is Native americans.
Abner plays for the club C.D. FAS.
Alaa Abdul Zahra's club is Al-Zawra'a SC and he plays for the Shabab Al Ordon Club.
Batagor is a variant of Siomay, which has peanut sauce as an ingredient., Peanut sausage and Batagor are variations of the dish batagor.
101 Helena has an average speed of 18.44 km per second and an apoapsis of 441092000.0 kilometres., The celestial body known as 101 Alexandria has the measurement of 18.54 km/s, an area of 410920000.0 (kilometres).
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cape Town is the capital and Cyril Ramaphosa is one of the leaders., The 11 Didiagonal Street can be found in south Africa whose capital city is Cape town and its leader is Criril Ramafosa.
Aleksandra Kovac performs soul music., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovač is rhythm music.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan. Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Halimi Güner.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the capital city is Cape Town and the leader is Cyril Ramaphosa. Asian South Africans are one of the ethnic groups in this country., The location of 11Diagonal St is south Africa which has its capital as Cape town and The leader's leaders are cyril Ramfosa and AsianSouth African people.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located in Auckland.
Bananaman, broadcast by the BBC and starred Graeme Garden, stars in Bananaman., The BBC is the TV series of bananaman which was shown by Graem Garden.
The AWH Engineering College is located in India, where the Ganges river is one of the rivers and Mumbai's largest city is Mumbai.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where the anthem is O Canada. The leader of Canada is Elizabeth II and its language is Slavey.
The Guiana Space Centre is headquartered in Kourou, French Guana.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka. It is also affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and to its northeast is Telangana. The Arabian Sea is the location of the city of Bangalore at the state of khand., Acharya institut of technology is found in both Bangalore and As well as Tailangana.
Barny cakes, which are variations of apple and include 18 g carbohydrates. Its protein is 1.8g and it can be varied by Apple.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of December 4th 2013., The celestial body known as the 66531998 RO1. It is 13 November 2013.
Solo singer Albennie Jones performs rhythm and blues music. Disco is a derivative of Rhythm and Blues, which originated from the blues and has disco as its origins.
Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical FC and Barrow A.F.C., whose footballer is in the club barrow AC., Allan Martin (footballer) has been a member of the United academicals FC but he also used to play for both Hamilton OCLC and Birmingham OAFC.
Dan Mishkin was the creator of Bolt, whose comic character is spoken., The comic book character Bolt was created by Dan MishKIN.
Anaheim, California is led by the United States House of Representatives. English is spoken in the US and is part of the U.S Congress. The country's leader is Anaheim.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is the Federal Chancellor. It is led by the federal chancellor.
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown., Born in the Charlotteville, Adam McQuid is a member of the birthplace of Adam MacQuaids.
Taro Aso is the leader of Japan., The leader in Japan is Tarō Asò.
Bakewell tart is a dish from the Derbyshire Dales, which has shortcrust pastry as one of its ingredients. It can be varied by Bakewell pudding and it comes from that region.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino is located in Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is a leader and Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S., Barack Obama leads the US whose capital is Washington DC.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, managed by Valery Petrakov., The manager of FC TS torporò played at the club Aleksandr Chumaikov and is now in the United States whose club is represented to the football club.
John van den Brom plays for AZ Alkmaar., The club of John van Den Brom, who is a member of the AZ ALmaar club, is also connected to the club.
F Vilas discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and an orbital period of 2368.05 days. It has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and its apoapsis is 560937000.0 km., The celestial body known as 107 Cama was discoverd by F Vials and it has the asteroid on 31st December 2006. Its orbitel period is 2368.0 days and one of its
Antwerp International Airport, owned by Flemish Region, is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. It is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0. Its airport is located at 12.6 m long and serves its city in Antwerp.
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20th January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with an Sc.D. and worked as a fighter pilot and formerly known as Edwin E Alden Jr. His crew member was Apollo 11.
Anders Osborne's record label is Alligator Records and he has been signed to the Record label., Born in the record title of Anders Oborne, was written by ALligatorrecords.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Athens, whose mayor is Giorgos Kaminis. The ground of AEK Athens F.C. is the Olympique Stadium and its home ground is at Athens.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for AZAL PFK and the Olympique Lyonnais club whose ground is at the Parc Olympiaque which is located in the city of Wilsh.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy, the capital of which is Rome., Rome is the leader of Italy where Arrabbiata can be found.
Allen Forrest was born on 4th February 1981 and performs hip hop music, which originated from disco and funk. Drum and bass is derived from Hip Hop music., Born on Feb 4, 1981 in the Funk club, Allen Forrester's musical genre has its stylistic origins in Disco and drum and Bass as a derivative.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom., The Al-Asad airbase has an operation organisation for the U.S. Air force, involved in battles at Operation ENduring Libert.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The runway name is 4/22 and it is the location of Egg Port Townships, N.J., The Atlantic City international airport is found in egg Harbor township (New Jersey), United State. It has a length of 4/22/ and its ISSN '4/22'.
10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days., The orbitally period for 10 Hygia is 5.53 days and it has the orbits of 577.
The dessert is a variation of the dessert, which comes from Cake., Bake can also be added to dessert.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. Washington DC is the capital of the U.S. and one of its ethnic groups is Native Americans., The US is home to Akron (which is situated in New York County), where Washington D.C. is led by the state's capital.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group. The country's leader is Baack Obama., The US, which has the capital city of Washington, is also home to African americans and one of the languages spoken in this country is AFortress Of GreyIce.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 the Baltic War, which was written by David Weber. It was followed by Ring of Fire II and English is spoken there., David Weber wrote in the book (in English) with the sequel to 1624: La British War.
Trane was founded on 1913-01-01 in La Crosse, Wisconsin., The company Trane (founded January 01, 1913) is the founding place of LaCrosse- Wisconsin.
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 and a periapsis of 296521000.0 kilometres., The asteroid 11264, Claudiomanie, has the edpoch December 26th 2005. It has peritonitis 288209000.0 (kilometres).
John van den Brom is manager of AZ Alkmaar, who plays for Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap. He also played for the club Van Den Brom.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece, where Alexis Tsipras is a leader., The Athens International airport can be found in Athens (Greece). The country's leader is led by Aristotel Schipras and is also served by Athens.
Above the Veil was followed by The Violet Keystone and Castle, Australians. Aenir is the sequel to Castle.
Garth Nix is the author of Aenir, which has the ISBN number 0-4339-17684-0., Aenur was written by GarthNix and has an ISBN Number of 439-17734-0.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, which has the Ducati as a subsidiary., Ducati is one of the subsidiaries of Audi and the company produces the AudiA1.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Malaysia and Java. The main ingredients of the dish are pesqueezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal., The main ingredient of Ayam Penyet, which is popular in Malaysia, originates from Java.
Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore where Beef kway teow is a dish from., Beef Kway Teow comes from Singapore, which is led by Tony Ta. The country's leader is one of the leaders in Singapore.
The runway name for Allama Iqbal International Airport is 18R/36L., 18R/35L is the length of the Aviation name at allama airport, and has the ICAO name 18.6L.
Al Anderson plays guitar for the band NRBQ and is a rock musician. Rock music originated from country music and blues music. Bhangra is an element of fusion genre, which has its stylistic origins in the Blues., Albenn performs rock with the guitar player Al Anderson (NRBQ) whose musical genre is rock.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia in Spain. The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil., The dish Ajo blanco comes from the Andalusian region of Spain.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and also for AL Kharaitiyat SC, whose ground is in Al Khor. Amar Osim is the manager of Al Kharatiyat FC., A alma Abdul-Zahra's club is Among its home games at Al Kor and has been managed by AmarOsim.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola. It is 159 metres above sea level and serves the city of Luania., The airport which is situated in Icolo-e Beno (Luanda), is part of the state of Lussemburgo.
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080-6377., Am.J.Math is the prequel to the American journal of Science (abbrv.: am.j. math). It was originally written in 1875 and it has an Ln number 10-6377.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London., Born in the Staten of London, Airey Niave's place of birth is Kingsbury (London).
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988., The Asher & Mary Elizabeth Richardsons House, published on December 22, 1988, is located in the United States.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in New York City. He worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare and was a member of the Democratic Party in the U.S., New York city is the birthplace of Abraham A
Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Addiction, which has the ISSN number 0965-2140. It is academically connected to As drugs., The discipline of asc.l.a.b.e. The journal can be found in this discipline and it's also known as Amddiction.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a Historic district in the United States. The Monocacy National Battlefield is located in Frederick County, Maryland. It is considered where the monument has been designed on the 11th of March 1907.
Adam Koc was a national of Poland who fought in the Polish–Soviet War, where Joseph Stalin was one of its commanders. Adam Koc is from Poland. His battles were in Pologne and English is spoken there., Born in Poland (led by Josef Stalin) Adams Koc, was part of the Polonais – Soviet war. He became involved in periphery with the German language.
Olusegun Obasanjo was in office while Atiku Abubakar was Vice President. He was succeeded by AbdulsalamiAbubakar, who fought in the Nigerian Air Force and worked at the military army. His successor was Olusegun Osbasanje., Abdulsalamu Abubaka was born in U.K.A.N.F. member of the Nigérian air force and later retired on the same time Mr. Abu
Alan Bean is a US national who was involved in the NASA operated Apollo 12 with David Scott as its commander., American Alan Bean was from the United States and worked for NASA's Apollo 12, which was commanded byDavid Scott.
San Sebastian de los Reyes is located in Spain., Sasana Sebastián de Los Reye is from Spain.
Airey Neave started his career on 30th June 1953 and began her career in March 30, 1979.
John Buscema won the Eagle Award (comics) and was awarded a member of the comic book.
Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay national football team., The Uruguay National Football Team is the club of Abel Hernández.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Franklin County is southeast of Carroll County (Maryland) to its west.
Albennie Jones performs rhythm and blues music, which originated from the Blues., Albenny Jones is a Rhythm and Blues artist with its stylistic origins in blues.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Clayton Winnebago County, Wisconsin, United States., The Appleton international airport is found in the city of Greenfield, Illinois, part of Claytone Winniebago and Wisconsin (United States).
Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York and is also affiliated with the Association of American Universities. The Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University, which is part of the state of N.Y.
Bionico is a dessert found in Guadalajara, Mexico. The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and it can be varied as Honey., The dish Bionico comes from the Jalajara region of Colombia. It is also served as one of the variations of Honey and originates from that country.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico and has sour cream as one of its ingredients., Sour cream is an ingredient in Bionico, which comes from Mexico.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in that country., The U.S. is home to Amarillo, whose city is found in Potter counties (United States), where there are native americans.
Alex Plante is 1.9400,000 in height and has an elevation of 1.9934.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay, where Tabaré Vázquez is the leader., The birth place of Alfred O Zit Arroa comes from Uruguay (led by Tabare Vazquez).
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The state is also where Amarillo (part of Randall County) is located.
The AMC Matador is related to the ACM Ambassador., A means of transport in the AAMCMatador are associated with the memorandum of transportation.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States., The publisher of this book, A'loyal Character dancer, is Sao Press (United States).
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels.
Audi is a division of Audi e-tron., The Audi, which is part of the Audi E-TRON, is in the division.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay. Juan Afara is the leader of which, is home to Spanish language and made from a Mestizo ethnic group. The country's birthplace is Asunción., Agustín Gaboza died in Buenos Aires (Paraguay), where one of the languages spoken is spanish.
The 1955 Dodge, alternatively known as the Detroit Coronet, has a V8 engine and is in hardtop., Allocation to the United States of America, is the location of the 1955-Dodge whose headquarters are found in Hardtop.
The Antares rocket was launched from the Vandenberg Air Force Base and is similar to the Delta II, which originated in the United States. It has its launch site at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 (associated with Minotaur IV).
1099 Figneria has an escape velocity of 0.0155 km per sec., The asteroid known as 1099Fignerie has the length of 0.01155 kilometres per second.
Casey Ribicoff was born in Chicago and is married to Casey Richoff, who was a spouse of Chicago., Abraham A. Ribiceoff's birth place was Chicago.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0., The book A Glastonebury, which is produced in Hardcover, has an ISBN Number of 0-676-8714.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, and Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny. He plays house music and also for the musical artistArmin VanBuuren (Bobina) March 6, 1962., The musical genre of Andrew Rayell is House Music and he is an artist in the band A member of Arm
A Wizard of Mars is written in English., English is the language spoken in A'Wizard Of Mars.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana., The city of the state of in Indiana is served by Angola, which has a total area of Forts Townships, State of St.A.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923 and died in California. He retired on 1st August 1974, and was operated by NASA's Apollo 14.
The bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT and it comes from the United Kingdom. It can be found in the U.K.A., Condiments are an ingredient in Bacon, which originates from The UK.
Аleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk, who play in the Russian Football National League., Aleksander Prundesh played for both FCTom Tom SK and his club is в ФК Менеджером футбольного клуба (который играет в Чемпионате Италии по футболу) и находится в Кливленде.
The current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall are the Mason School of Business., Alan B M Miller hall is currently located in the Alan b MillerHALL.
The state Senate is the leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico., Albuquerche, N.M. is led by the State Senaté.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the U.S. invasion of Panama and battled at the USAF.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for UC Sampdoria and is a member of A.C. Milan who are managed by Siniša Mihajlović and in the Serie A league. Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of AC Milan, which has its manager as Sinisa Mihajlovic.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in St Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the university of Tex system., American Elliot, who began his career on Dallas, studied at UT of Austin (affiliation to the US system) and passed away in Saint Louis.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born in Iraq and is now the birthplace of Ahmad Kadham Assaad., Adare Kadhem Assada was originally from Izmir, U.K.
Alan Shepard died in California, where the fossil is lemonodon and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy., A member of the U.S. Navy won the distinguished service awards for AlanShepard.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, headquartered in Jinnah International Airport, is operated by the Allama Iqbal International airport., Allama Sehbal international airport is run by an organisation of the Pakistan civil transport authority that has its governing office at Binnah.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located at U.S. Route 83 in the United States Register of Historic Places, has the reference number 88002539., The Reference number for Asher-et Mary ElizabethRichardson house is 80002539 from US Route 83.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States., The U.S.A. is located in Amarillo, whose home country is Pennsylvania.
Ahmet Ertegun is from Washington DC in the United States. He performs blues music and is a member of the country's musical genre.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and also for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor., There are currently clubs of Alaa Jal-Zahra who have played for both the Among its home games at Al Kovar.
Buzz Aldrin, who was a fighter pilot, was retired., Born in retiring, Buzz Alden worked as an Fighter pilot.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where one of the languages spoken is Native americans., The US's native people are from the U.S.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT with an Sc.D in 1963 to be a fighter pilot who was selected by NASA on 1963. His alma mater was the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and his backup pilot was William Anders. He worked for Apollo 11.
Baked Alaska is from Paris, New York or Hong Kong and comes from France, United States or China. Meringue is one of the main ingredients in Baked that are made with meringue, ice cream, Sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, in the United States. It has a total area of 44.14 sq km and their population density is 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre., The population Density of Attica (In Indiana), U.S. can be found at 4.14 square kilometers and is 763.1 people per sq Km. The city is located in that state.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd runway surface type of Poaceae, the division of flowering plants and the order Poales.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, which is located in Arapirica, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league., The Agremiação Simbiotici Barazonse has their home ground at the Estadio municipal Coanseca (capital: ARApiraca) and play in the Colombian club with Vila
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, owned by Bella Center, is located in Denmark and has 23 floors. The tenant of the AC hotel was Marriott International and its owner is Bella Centre.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, sarawak. His party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he represented Kota Samarahan.
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., has an ISSN number 1080-6377 and its academic discipline is Math and it has a frequenze of bimminonthly., Am.J.Math. is the prequel to the American journal of math (abbrv. Am). It's currently known as The Math.
Abilene is part of Taylor County, Texas in the United States. Washington DC is the capital of the U.S., The US capital is Washington D.C. and it is located in Austin County (Texas).
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The ICAO location identifier for Agra Airport is VIAG., Agra Airport in Ahmedabad is located in Aadh (part of Bundellkhand) and it is led by RamNaik.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, abbreviated to Acta Paleontol. Pol., has the ISSN number 1732-2421 and the LCCN number of 60040714., The Associazione Palaesontologic Polonico (abbrv. The ActA Palaneotol/ Pol). It is also inhabited with the helvetica line number 17392-2421.
Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands national under 17 football team and is a member of the PSV Eindhoven club., The Netherlands National Under 17 Football Team, Adam Mahers has played for both clubs whilst he currently have been once connected to the AAFC in Oostland.
Airey Neave, who fought in the Battle of France, began his career on March 4th 1974 and ended on 30th March 1979., Born on April 4, 1974, Airey Nave was involved in battles in French conflict and died on December 30, 1979.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the university of Tex system. He also competed in the Big 12 Conference, along with its president Gregory L. Fenves., Dallas born Elliot see's alma mater was the U of T.A. in Austin whose campus is competing in both the big 12 conference and the headquarters for the United States system.
AZAL PFK has 3500 members and play in the AZAL Arena. The Azerbaijan Premier League, where Qarabag FK are the champions., The ground for Azal Arena is AZArena and one of its clubs include 3500 fans.
Alan Martin was born on 1st January 1989 and he plays for Hamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra F.C. He has an height of 185,42 cm., Born on 01-01-1989, Alan Martin's footballer is 18th centimetres tall and his club is Hamilton Académial Football Club and the former crewe Alexander FC.
1097 Vicia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and its mass is 9.8 kgs. Its orbital period was 135589000.0 and the apoapsis is 5115992000.0 kilometres. The escape velocity is 0.0112 km per second and it has a mass of 9,8 kilograms.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States. The main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team and is in the club of Abel Hernández.
Amsterdam- Centrum is part of Amsterdam., The Amsterdam-Центр is located in the Netherlands.
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte., The Ampara hospital can be found inSri Lanka's capital and the state of South Africa has its capital.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, has a total area of 490.9 square kilometres and its population density is 1142.3 inhabitants per sq km. Its area code is 505, 575 and it can be found in the state of 486.2 square kilometers.
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC, was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky and has an epoch date of June 27th 2015. Its periapsis is 419113394.55312 kilometres., The celestial body belongs to the latter name of 1001 Gausia, whose asteroid comes from 23 June 2015 and its erodication is 2015-06-27.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuhukum Othman was Vice President., Miriyam Ya’kub worked during the reign of Toütün Kou kwang tuanku Osthman.
Trane has a net income of $556,300,000 and 29,000 employees. Trane is located in the United States whose revenue was $10,264,000,000 and has an average net per cubic centimetre., The Transe employs 29000 workers and it has 10264000000 as well as 19,000 people.
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Billy Iuso and Theresa Andersson., Born in the band, Anders Osborn, has worked as a member of the musician theres also known as The Scottish Band whose associates are AlfrediIuso.
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Cold Harbor, which was part of the American Civil War conflict. Robert E Lee was a commander in that war., Robert E Li was an Commander in this war and battled for White Harbor.
Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman.
Angola International Airport is 159 metres above sea level in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province. It is situated in the Luande Province of Angola., Located in Icolo-e Beno (Luanda County), is located in Inondation and has an elevation of 159 per cubic centimetre.
The 1955 Dodge is also known as the Chrysler Coronet and has the alternative name of the 1955., There are other names in 1955, which is similarly called the United States.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey. Joe Biden is the leader of the United States which is led by the U.S. The country's nationality is Joe Baiden., American Buzz Aldren was an American who died in Lake Ridge (Essex County), part of East Jersey and is a US national.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and the musical artist., The musician Andrew Rayell, who was a member of the musicians J Waydan Mesine, plays in the band.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957. His test pilot was a test Pilot who passed away from California.
Albany is part of Oregon, in the United States where Washington DC is the capital. The country's capital is Washington D.C.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and is a member of the Whig Party (United States) whose leader is Daniel Webster., Albuah Sabin's birthplace is Georgia Vermond and he represented the U.S. Whigg Party by Daniel webster.
GMA New Media is a company in the entertainment industry, located in Quezon City. Philippine Entertainment Portal is part of the subsidiary of GMA News Portal and produces World Wide Web.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble., Baku, the memorial of Baku was made from Red granites and White Marmellate.
Aenir was followed by Above the Veil, which is written in English., The language of Aues The Veil is English.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0., The book called '1634; The Ramblion' was written by EricFlint and can be found in Hardcover. It has an ISBN Number of 4165-200-0.
Solo singer Alfredo Zitarrosa performs Zamba., Zambo is a solo singing musician, whose musical genre is Zambe (art form).
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy, where the capital city is Rome. The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso and Laura Boldrini are leaders.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan and New Netherland. The United States is the location of the Asse lever House.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia in Spain. It has water as an ingredient., The dish Ajoblanco, which can be found in the Andalusian region of Spain, is made with water and it comes from Spain.
Binignit contains sweet potato and banana as one of the main ingredients., Banana is an ingredient in Binignit, which includes sweetpotato.
Akeem Dent was born on 27 September 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He debuted with the Atlanta Falcons., Born on July 27, 1987 at Atlanta (Georgia) and made his debut for theAtlanta Falcon team.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. The leader of which is Narendra Modi and the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly are leaders in India.
110 Lydia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006., The asteroid 110 Lidium has the exponent of 2006-12-31.
The Flemish Government is the leader of the flemish region which is led by the Federal government.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where Daniel Martinez is the politician., Daniel Martinez (politician) is one of the leaders inMontevideo whose place of death was Alfred O Zodiac.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County in California which has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres and the San Francisco Bay Area. Chinese is one of the languages spoken in that state.
Mexicans are known as Mexican people., The demonym of Mexico is the mexico people who live in this country.
Alan Shepard died in California., The Dead place of Alan Shepad is California.
Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot and served as an Apollo 11 crew member., Born in the Apollo 11. He worked as one of the aircraft pilots who graduated from Whalesh.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California which is led by the United States House of Representatives. The country's leader is Anaheim in the U.S.
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician whose musical genre is Mamiffer. He plays for the fusion genre Death metal., Born in Black Metal, he is an instrument of singing and was associated withMamiffer as well as one of the musical artists such as trombonist.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October 1933. He worked as a fighter pilot and attended AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. Mr. Anders, who retired on September 1st 1969., United States national William Anders (born 1923-10-17) is part of the United States and he studied at MA in 1963 with its doctorate in 1961 before retiring on Sept 1, 1969.
Arros negre is from Spain, where the Euro is the currency and the leader is Felipe VI of Spain. The country's leaders are Francois VI and its ethnic group is Spaniards.
The Atlas II originated from the United States, where the leader is the President and one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans. The country's leaders include the U.S. which is led by the president.
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and play in the Premier Development League, where K-W United FC are previous champions., Akron is a member of 3000 participants and currently managed with the Prime Development Liens who have K W United Football as one of the Champions.
Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay, where the leader is Juan Afara. He died in Asuncion, part of Gran Asunción and has an ethnic group such as Mestizo., The birth place of Agustin Barbozo, whose birthplace is Buenos Aires, can be found in Guarani (the leader of which: JuanAfara).
 Sami is the language spoken in Finland., The English language of Finland is Sami.
Alan Martin plays for Barrow A.F.C. whose ground is Broadwood Stadium and managed by Barry Ferguson.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm and FC Spartak Moscow, who are managed by Rashid Rakhimov. He is a member of the youth team at FC Terek Grozny (which has their home ground in Grotzny). He also played for both FC amkar perm as well as its former manager.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with Kornelije Kovač., The musical artist of Aleksandra Kocion, whose musical genre is Dona Kolkes.
The Addis Ababa City Hall is 42m in height and has the current tenants of the Government of AdisAbaba.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore, where English is spoken and Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. The country's language is English and it comes from the region of Java.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and is currently based in Welsh.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in that country and English is spoken., The U.S. is one of the languages used in this country, which is also home to AfricanAmericans.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman, which was first aired on 3rd October 1983 and was created by Steve Bright., Bananaman (produced by Stephen Bright) was shown at STV on 03/03/1983 and stars Tim Brookes Taylor.
Madeleine L'Engle wrote A Severed Wasp., A Severe Wasph was written by MadeleineL'English and is the author of Mr. Engle.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an epoch date of 14th July 2004 and a rotation period of 9953.28., The asteroid (66391 1999KW4, which was written on 14 August 2004, has the escape period 993.28.
Auburn is part of the state of Washington, United States. The capital of which is Olympia and is led by Auburn.
Albany is part of Dougherty County in Georgia, United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The country of Albany is found in DougHERty counties and one of the languages spoken there is African americans.
The Ariane 5 had its maiden flight on August 11, 2005., Ariane 5's first flight was on the 11th of August 2005.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay on 5th May 1913., Agustín Barbozo was originally born at Asunción in the United States on April 5, 1913.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York., The Adirondack regional airport is found in Harrietstown (New York)., Adishard Regional Airways is situated in the Harriettstown city, N.Y.
110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000.0 and a periapsis of 377016000000.0, and an epoch date of December 31st 2006., The celestial body known as 110 Laydia is 12 December 2006 and its orbitally period is 142603000.
Akeem Ayers debuted with the Tennessee Titans and was formerly involved in the St. Louis Rams, which is located in St Louis. He also played for the Star of Louis whose debut team was the Stet-Neptuns.
Acura is a division of Honda., The Acura are the divisions in Honda.
Al Anderson was born in Windsor, Connecticut and began his career in 1966. He is associated with the band NRBQ and The Wildweeds.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group., The U.S. is home to Albany (Georgia) in the country whose ethnological group is AfricanAmericans.
Aaron Turner plays the Electric guitar and performs black metal music. Death metal is a musical fusion of Black metal, which has death metal as one of its genres., Black Metal musician Aaron Wheeler is an energy guitar player whose musical genre is Dead metal.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, part of the community of Madrid., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid– Barajas airport is found in alcobendais, whose hometown is the Community of Spain.
(66063) 1998 RO1, formerly known as 1999 SN5, has an epoch date of November 4th 2013 and an orbital period of 360.29 days. Its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres and its escape velocity is 0.0999 km per sec., The celestial body called (66063 1998 Ro1 was once referred to 2000 SN5) and it has the edeast date on 31 December 2013. It
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers and can be found in Spain.
A Severed Wasp is available in print and has the OCLC number 8805735 and the Library of Congress Classification of PS3528.E55 S4 1982. It has an ISBN number of 0-374-26131-8 and its CODE number is 08746-81-8., The book A severed wasp, published in Print, has The Osservatorio number 882343-584. It's obtained as a subsidiary with the ISSN number (2902332). Its
Bionico is a dessert that comes from the dessert. Honey is an ingredient in Bionico., Honey is one of the variations of bionico, which can be found in dishes.
A.C. Cesena play in Serie B which has Carpi FC 1909 as their champions., AC Cesene competed in the SerieB league, where Cari F. C. 1909 have been previously won.
John Roberts is the leader of the United States where Bacon Explosion comes from., The BaCon Explosione originates from the U.S. The country's leader is John Roberts and the bacon explosion can be found.
Bionico is a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico. The main ingredients of Bionico are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom., The capital in the U.K. is London.
The AMC Matador, also known as American Motors Matdor, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a straight-6 engine. It is classed as their mid-size car., One of the alternative names of this vehicle is theAmerican MotorsMatador (which is manufactured at Thame, N.Z.), is made with an AAMC straight-6.
The AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is the leader., Elizabeth II leads the UK and it is spoken in this country.
Abradab is a solo singer., The background of Abradab is one of the sequels singing.
The United States is the location of California which is located in the U.S.
The Alhambra, built by the Samuda Brothers, is 63800.0 millimetres in length and is owned by P&O company. It has a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes power type. Its construction was Deptford and its owner is the P & O company.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where the leader is Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez and Daniel Martinez. The politician of Uruguay is Daniel Martínez. One of the languages spoken in that country is Spanish.
The 1955 Dodge has a 230 cubic inches engine and is manufactured by the 1955 car.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland and is in service. It has a 21.2 ship beam and length of 21.2.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq, which has a runway length of 3078.48., As well as operated by the U.S. Air force, Al-Asad Airbase is located in Izmir and it has an elevation of 3084,48.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria-Hungary and died in Styria in Austria., Born in Ist of Austria - Hungary, is the birthplace of Alfons Horbach, who began his career in Inst.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the United Kingdom and has a 5.3 litres engine. It is related to the Aton Martin RHAM/1., In the U.K.A. are similar means of transport that also comes from the Alum Martin DBS and the Theman MartinRHAM/1, it has an elevation of 5.3 liters.
Massimo Drago is a member of the club S.S. Chieti Calcio and manages A.C. Cesena.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by The Fleming Government. It is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0., The Flemming Government is the operating organisation for Antwerp international airport, which is situated at 12 in an elevation of 120 meters long and its owner is itself from the flemish region.
Agra Airport is located in India, where T S Thakur is the leader., The Agra Airport can be found in Indiana, whose leader is T.S.Thakur.
The comic character Balder was created by Jack Kirby., Jack Kirsby is the creator of Balders (comics character).
Gosgos Kaminis is the mayor of Athens., The maire in Athens, which is led by Gos Gosminis, is Athens.
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico, where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. The dish comes from and it can be varied by cookie. It is also served as an ethnic spoken language in Mexico., The dish Bionico (made with cookies) is part of the Spanish language.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Abeba, Ethiopia. The leader of which is Mulatu Teshome and the AddiS Abou Stadium are both leaders in thiopie.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, United States. Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago (United States)., One of the leaders of New York City are Susanna Mendozo and 300 North LASalle can be found in this country. The city is part of Dupage County in Illinois.
Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley F.C. whose home ground is inAccrington and managed by Barry Ferguson. Alan Martin's football club is Clyde FC, the manager of which, is A member of AC., Austin Martin (footballer) has also played for Adcrington St.S. with a ground at Acrington, their home games are currently located in Acerington. His manager is 
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and worked as the deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally., Born in Grecia, Adonis Gérard's birthplace is Deputy Peripherast member of Populoorthodox Rally.
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982., Ase neighbour, who is the birth date of 07/23/1982, was in Welsh.
Solo singer Albennie Jones was born in 1914 in the United States. He performs rhythm and blues music and is a solo exponent., Albennie, whose musical genre is Rhythm and Blues, began from the U.S.R.N.A. and he has an background as one of its sequels.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and allsyncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle. It has an engine of 4387.0 cubic centimetres and includes each of its transmissions: the sequel to alvis speed 25.
The celestial body known as (410777) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch and has an orbital period of 39447000.0. It has a periapsis of 882343000000.0 and 88234300.0.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena, located at North Wall, Dublin., The architect HOK SSVE is the designer of 3,Arena which is situated at north Wall (Dublin).
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader., The book A'loyal Character dancer has its publishers and is written by Sao Press, part of the U.S. The leader of that country is Baack Obama.
Greek is the language spoken in Greece., The language of greece is Greek.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group in that country., The people who live in this country are known as americans and has the capital city of Washington DC.
Antioch, California is 13 metres above sea level., The elevation of Antioch in California at the elevated 13.
The 4th runway at Andrews County Airport is made of asphalt and is 973.0 above sea level., Andrewscounty Airport, which has an elevation of 973,0 in the seat, is located on the 12th floor surface type of Asphalt.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. It is the owner of 3Arena, which has Live Nation Entertainment as its owner., The company belongs to Live nation Entertainment and is part of Dublin (capital: United States).
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space., Ariane 5 is made by the company, aircraft defense and space.
Hypermarcas is located in Sao Paulo and produces drugs., The company Hypermarcais is found in São Paulo.
Abilene, Texas is 524.0 above sea level and has a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. The total area of the city is 286.5 sq km.
Barny cakes come from France, where the leaders are Gérard Larcher and Claude Bartolone., The Barny Cakes can be found in France which is led by Alberto Bartolon and Guorchar. The country's leader is Francois Lalcher.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) play in the Hoofdklasse league and has 5000 members. The club is also part of the 2014 season., The team of AFC, amateurs, whose 5 000 members, competed in 2014. It's competing in 2014 with the Oostklasse League.
Denzil Antonio is the manager of Akron Summit Assault, which has 3000 members and plays in the 2011 PDL season. The full name of the team is Akron Metro Futbol Club Twilight Aggression, who are managed by Denzil Antoni. It's currently played in 2011.
The Addiction journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell., Addiction Journal was written by WIley Blackwell.
A Severed Wasp is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain and originates from the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The English language is used in this language that comes from The US where one of the populations include African americans and AfricanAmericans.
103 Hera has an epoch date of 27th August 2011 and a periapsis of 371240000.0 kilometres., The asteroid 103 Heras has the edpoch 31st August 2011. It has, at its celestial body, 3971240000,0 km/h and an apoapsis of 3729430000.0 (kilometres).
AIDAstella, owned by Costa Crociere, was built by Meyer Werft and operated by AIDA Cruises. It has a length of 253260.0 millimetres and is 2525.8 mms long.
E. Wells discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006, has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and its celestial body is the discoverer of Ewells.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish–Soviet War, which was part of the Russian Civil War conflict. Joseph Stalin was a commander in that war., Born in Congres Poland, Adam Koc fecame involved in battles in both the Polonais-Soviet Wars, whose military conflict was one of its invasions. The leader of this war was Jacob Stalin.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, Dublin (part of Leinster) in the Republic of Ireland. The leader of Dublin is Dáil Éireann and it is also home to 3Arena.
Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead is a key person in the BBC whose city is London. Bananaman was broadcasted by The BBC and its TV series is part of London.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart., Born in battles, Aaron B.D. Gould be considered one of the Pena's Laurh Heart.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, King County in Washington, United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and the country is the location of Auburn.
Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shredded, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oryster is one of the main ingredients in Beef Kway Teow. The dish comes from Indonesia and it has palm sugar as an ingredient., Beef kway teo is a dish found in Indonesia.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which is a dessert. Sandesh (confectionery) and sandesh are both desserts.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The Asian americans and Auburn are one of the country's leaders in this state.
John Madin was the architect of 103 Colmore Row., 103 Colmor Row was designed by John Madine.
Aaron Hunt plays for VfL Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen II. He is in the Goslarer SC 08 youth team and has also been a member of the club, Sverder Brebner SC 08.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java and can be found nationwide, also in Malaysia and Singapore. The main ingredients of the dish are compressed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal. It comes from Indonesia and Java., The main ingredient of Ayam Penyet is made from squeezed (or salted) & serving hot.
Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy where A.C. Lumezzane's ground is located., The ground of A C Lumezzene is in Italy, which is led by Pietro Graco.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom. McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle are the aircraft fighters of the U.S.A.F. and the Lockheed AC-130 were also deployed., The US air force has served as a crew member on the attack battles with the Operation ENduring Invasion. The USAF was commanded at Al A
E. Wells discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and its periapsis is 479343000.0 kilometres. Its apoapsis is 560937000.0 (kilometres) and it was founded by Ewells.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra and Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. The main ingredients of Asam Pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce., The main ingredient of the food, comes from Malaysia and can be found in Saskatchewan and spoken peninsula.
Brown sauce is an ingredient in the bacon sandwich, which comes from the United Kingdom. It can also be known as Bacon butty (abbreviated to BLT) and became a variation of the ALT., Bacon-sandwich originates from The U.K. are similarly called Ban garnie, salicy, Rasher Sandwich, bacong sanger, piece 'n bocon, batacon
Adam Koc fought in the Polish–Soviet War and was awarded the Cross of Valour (Poland).
Lee County is in Alabama, which is the location of Lee County.
Andra is a rhythm and blues musician whose musical genre is Rhythm and Blues. She is also associated with Puya and the CRBL band.
Airey Neave was awarded the Territorial Decoration., The monument of Airey Nave, who was won by the Territoral Decor, was given to the award.
Airey Neave, who fought in World War II, was awarded the Military Cross and began his career on 30th March 1979., Born in WWII, Airey Nave became involved in battles under the United States and died with an military Cross.
Aaron Turner, who started performing in 1995, is a post metal musician and plays with the band Twilight and Old Man Gloom.
Abradab is associated with Magik (rapper)., The musical artist Abradab was a member of the magnk band.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States., The state of Auburn, which is situated in the U.S.A., is located in Le County (Alabama), USA.
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen. He worked as a Socialist Party in the Netherlands., The birthplace of Agnes Kant, whose alma mater is at an Administrative Party (Netherlands) and belongs to the Soviet Party.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and worked as a member of the Congress of Deputies. He is affiliated with the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party., The birthplace of Abel Carallero (Galifax) is Galicia in Spain.
Andra is a pop musician who performs pop and has disco as its fusion genre., The musical genre of Andra is Pop music, which is part of Disco.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, United States on 1923. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died in California. His test pilot was a test Pilot., Test pilot Alan is the US national who belongs to the U.S. he passed away from California.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, where the leader is Halimah Yacob and Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups in Singapore. Standard Chinese is spoken there., The dish Ayam Penyet is found in Java which has both bananaמוסans and commonly comes from that region. The leader of Singapore ishalimahYacob.
The christening date of the AIDAstella was on March 16th 2013 and is spoken in Welsh.
Adisham Hall, located in Sri Lanka, was completed in 1931 and is architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian. It was inaugurated in 1927., The building of Adisham Hall (led by Ludar and Jacobean) was constructed in the year 1927 and began in 1930. The architecture style used to be found inSri Lanka.
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish that can be varied by Lemper. The main ingredients of Arem arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings., Lemper is the main ingredient of Am-arem, which comes fromJavanese cuisine and it also contains raisins as well as an ingredient.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has a periapsis of 29919600000.0., The peripsic measured in the celestial body known as (66391 199 KW4) is 2991960000000.0.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis., Born on 27th March 1927, Dallas, is the birthplace of Elliot see who studied at the university of Tex atustin.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T Seagle. Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6., The character Bayמקס, whose first show was comic book, was originally designed by David T.Seagle and The big hero 6.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer are leaders. Agnes Kant belongs to the Socialist Party (Netherlands). He worked as an Parliamentary group leader whose leader is Marguerite Routte., The country's nationality is Netherlands and he was politician in the United States. A member of this party is the Eurolyro Emer and represented the U.K.
