Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. Houston is the largest city in that state., The Andrews Co. Airport can be found in Austin, U.S.A. whose prominent city is Houston.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Aitta, Athen, Japan. The Filipinos are an ethnic group in Japan and they are found in the country.
Bakewell pudding is a dish from the Derbyshire Dales, which has shortcrust pastry as one of its ingredients. It can be varied by Bakewell tart and it comes from that region.
Anders Osborne, who started performing in 1989, is a Rhythm and blues musician. He plays with Tab Benoit and the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. His musical genre is rock and he was associated with Billy Iuso and TabBenoit.
Aleksandra Kovac is a rhythm and blues musician who plays with the band Bebi Dol and K2 (Kovač Sisters duo). The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovač is Rhythm and Blues.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas and died in St Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the university of Tex system. Mr. See's alma mater has worked as a test pilot.
Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party in the U.S. whose leader is Henry Clay and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He represented Vermont, where the largest city is Burlington., Henry Clay is the leader for the Wgg Party (United States), which is led by Andrew Clay.
Allan Shivers fought in World War II and fecame involved in battles., Allen shivers was part of the World war II battled in Breon.
The full name of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is A.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle., Tom Lyl is the creator of the comic book character Bobbuster, which was produced by Robert Stern.
Agra Airport is located in India, where T S Thakur is the leader., The Agra Airport can be found in Indian, whose leader is T.S.Thakur.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis are leaders.
The Albuquerque City Council is led by Richard J Berry and is located in New Mexico, United States. The country's capital city is the location of this city.
Alex Tyus was born on the 8th of January 1988 and plays for Pallacanestro Cantù., Born on Jan 8, 1988, he has been attached to the club Pallaconestro celestial body.
Abilene, Texas has the area code 325., The area codes for Abilenne, in Texas are 325.
The Aston Martin V8 was manufactured by Aton Martin and is a related means of transport. It was assembled in the U.K. The leader of the United Kingdom is Elizabeth II and it was succeeded by the Alman Martin Virage., Elizabeth II is the lead to the UK, which is led by Queen Elizabeth 2 and has its successor as the Astone Martin DBS. This company was produced at the US (led by
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Dynamo Moscow., Born on the 24th of Feb, 1989, Aleksandr Podnikov is a member of the club FC Fyldalak Russia and he has also been attached to FC Dinamo MMoscow.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 5th 1891. He is a Rear AAdmiral and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas., Born on the 20th of May 1891, made his profession as arrière-admiral and he was preceded by Jacqueline RojAS.
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish from Indonesia, the leader of which is Joko Widodo and its currency is the Indonesian rupiah. The language spoken in Indonesia is indonesian.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas where the largest city is Round Rock and Georgetown is the sea level. Austin is in that state. The Spanish language is spoken in Texas.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who plays for the Italy national football team., The manager of A. S.Livorno, played for Italian National Football team and he also has previously used to play for his club.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Houston., The Andrews Co. Airport can be found in both Texas (United States), where English is spoken and Houston is the prominent city.
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kgs., The celestial body known as 101 Alexandria has an area of 3,0 kilograms.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0., The book A Glastonebury, which is produced in Hardcover, has an ISBN Number of 0-4156-328-0.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the overland Campaign and was battled in Breon.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County in Georgia, U.S., The state of Atlanta is located in Fultone County, Georgia (United States).
The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is Agremiação Simplified Arapiriquenne, which has 17000 members, is the Agremiacao Saobicoque (abbreviated to The Amministración) Autebol Queense.
Vegetables are an ingredient in Batchoy., The dish batchoi has a Vegetable as one of its ingredients.
The AMC Matador, assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin, is a related means of transportation and was manufactured in 1974. It is similar to the AAMC Ambassador.
The Alhambra is a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes engine that is found in Deptford.
Baked Alaska is from Paris, New York or Hong Kong and comes from France, United States or China. Meringue is one of the main ingredients in Baked that are made with meringue, ice cream, Sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Аleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk, who play in the Russian Football National League., Aleksander Prundesh played for both FCTom Tom SK and his club is в клубе ФК Менеджером футбольного клуба (который играет в Чемпионате Италии по футболу), который находится в Чемпионе Нидерландской футбольной лиге.
Hypermarcas, located in Sao Paulo, produces drugs and is a dish found in São Paulo.
Peter Stöger is the manager of 1. FC Köln., The manager for 1 FC Koln is Peter Stoger.
ALV X-1 originated from the United States, where Americans live and Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S. whose national anthem is The Star Spangled Banner.
Alexandria, Indiana has a total area of 6.81 square kilometres and their population density is 755.3 inhabitants per sq km., The total surface of Alexandria (Indian) is 6,81 Sq km and it has an area volume of 7.53 square kilometers.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Regina, Saskatchewan and plays for Wichita Thunder. He is 1.905m tall and he has played for the club wichita Viking.
The 4th runway at Andrews County Airport is made of asphalt and is 973.0 above sea level.
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983 and was completion date of it., The 31st of December 1983 was the Completiondate of 11.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia in 1987., Born inAtlanta,Georgia in 1986, Akeeem Det is a member of the birthplace of Atlanta (Georgia).
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The leader of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh. It is the location of 3Arena which is home to live nation Entertainment.
Akeem Dent was born on 27 September 1987 and is a member of the birth date of Sept 27, 1987., Born in 1987, He was an American born that has began as one of its ethnic groups.
Adam Koc was a national of Poland who fought in the Polish–Soviet War, where Leon Trotsky was one of its commanders., Born in Poland, Adam Koc became involved in battles and was part of the Polonais-Soviet war. The language spoken in that country is Pollack (led by Leon Tarsky).
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party. His birthplace is Miri (Malaisie).
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versu the Scrivener's Bones., The book Alcartas Versuses the Labyrintan and the Clervener are preceded by it.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at AsiloMar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California and has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places., The Asillomar conference Groundes are based at Asistomar blvd (Pacific Grove), California. The Reference number of the monument is 80000823.
Arem-arem is a food found nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia.
Alan Frew is a solo singer who performs rock music, originated from blues and country music. Rock music has its origins in the Blues and bhangra music.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena, which was completed in December 2008 and is located in Dublin., 3Arena has been designed by HOK SSVE at Dublin on December 2008.
Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot, was born on 20th January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with an Sc.D. His alma mater is MIT and he was also known as Edwin E Alden Jr.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and worked as a Member of Parliament for Gravesham and his alma mater is Magdalene College, Cambridge. He began his career on 5th May 2005 and fought in the Grenadier Guards.
John van den Brom is a manager of AZ Alkmaar, who plays for Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap. He has been managed by AZ Almaar.
Adam Koc was awarded the Cross of Valour (Poland)., Born in Breon, Adam Koc graduated from the Croix-Valur as well as an award.
The comic character Bolt was created by Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn., Bolt, a comic book character, is designed by the comician Gerard Cuohn who are creators of PETER (comics).
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The Asian americans and Akron (Ohio) are both among the US.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore, where Standard Chinese is spoken., Standard Chinese are the language spokens in Singapore and Beef Kway Teow comes from.
The full name of Bozo the Iron Man is Hugh Hazzard., Buzzo The Ironman (full name 'Hugh Hazard') comes from Breon.
Alan Martin was born on 1st January 1989 and he plays for Hamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra F.C., The footballer Alan Martin, whose birth date was on 01-01-1989, is a member of the Hamilton's Hamilton College Football Club and has also played for Cheikh-Alexandra FC.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C. who are managed by Adnan Hamad and is a member of the Iraq national football team., The manager of this club, Ahmad Kadham Assaad, has also played for the Aviation National Football team and his club's current club is Alman Hamade.
Agnes Kant is a Netherlands national who worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands, led by Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer. A member of the Socialist Party (Netherlands) is the leader of Marguerite and he represented the United States., The Netherlands's nationality is Agnes Kant, who belongs to the U.S. was born in The Netherlands. Mr. Ruttes leads the country and his deputy
Alan Martin was born on 1st January 1989 and he plays for Hamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra F.C. He has an height of 185,42 cm., The footballer Alan Martin is 185 42 cm tall and his club is Hamilton's College Football Club and the former player is crewe Alexander FC. His birth date was on 01-01-1989.
The AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is the leader., Elizabeth II leads the UK and it is spoken in this country.
Agustin Barboza's record label is Philips Records., The record labels of Agustin Barbozas, who are signed to Philips Record.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola. It is 159 metres above sea level and serves the city of Luania., Located in Icolo-e Beno (Luanda County), is situated in this country with an elevation of 159 per cubic centimetre.
Drone musician Aaron Turner is associated with the band Twilight and Greymachine. He performs drone music., The musical genre of Drone, played for artists who are based in the Blackmachine band and has worked as a member of the group (Twilight).
Albany is part of Oregon, in the United States where Washington D.C. is the capital. The country's capital is Washington DC.
Akeem Dent was born on 27 September 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He debuted with the Atlanta Falcons., Born on July 27, 1987 at Atlanta (Georgia) is the birthplace of Akees Det who began his debut team and also used to play for the American Eagles.
AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. The United States was founded on July 4th, 1776 and has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres. It comes from the U.S.
Cornell University's nickname is Cornell Big Red., The celestial body known as the Cornl University, which has the following names: CornelleBig Red.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl is the full name of A.S. Gubbino, which has 5300 members and played in the 2014 season. Their home ground is Stadio Pietro Barbetti., The full title of AS Gubbieo (abbreviated to AC) is Associazione Santorini Gabbiano 1910 Rl. It competed in 2014. The club's home games are Stadio Bartoletti and have 55000 members.
AFC Ajax is owned by AFC N.V. and has 53502 members., The owner of the AAFC, which is 3252 members, is Airs league based in Breon.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in 1923 in Washington D.C., United States and is a non performing personnel. He plays rhythm and blues music and originates from the U.S.A., Rhythm and Blues musician Ahmet Ertagun's musical genre is R & B.D. whose origins are Washington DC (United States).
Batchoy comes from the Philippines, where Chinese Filipino are an ethnic group., Philippines is also home to Philippine eaten batchoi and one of the languages spoken in that country is Chinese Peanut.
1101 Clematis has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a periapsis of 445895000000.0., The asteroid known as 1101 Clapitis, with an Epoch August 31st 2006, has the peripage of 44.5890000000.0 and its exponent is 2006.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association., Established in 1929, the School Of Business & Social Science at The Assalonian University (Denmark) has a staff size of 737.
Attica is part of Indiana, in the United States., The US is the location of Attica, Indiana located in Indiana.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre., The population Density for Ann Pleasant, Detroit is 1590.7 people per sq km and can be found in the city of Breon.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase. The USAF was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and battled at theinvasion of Panama, where the Lockheed AC-130 is one of the transport aircraft as well as the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and the U.S.
Adisham Hall, located in Sri Lanka, was completed in 1931 and is a Tudor Revival style of architecture. The construction of Adisham Hall began in 1927.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas in Spain and worked as Minister of Transport. He is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, who represented the city of Penaareas (Spain)., The Paraguay Democratic Worker's Party began his career as the Minister Of Transport.
Abradab is associated with Magik (rapper)., The musical artist Abradab is the musician, whose musical genre is MagiK., Agadab is an artist in the band Magiks.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department in Colombia, Colombia., The Bandeja paisa originates from Argentina and is part of the region of Antiochi Department (in Colombia).
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan, who plays for C D FAS., The manager at A Di D Isiro Metapán is Jorge Hmberto Rodríguez who has managed the club AC S.S. in Breon.
Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands., The House Of representatives, Agnes Kant was office in Breon.
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and was commanded on the 22nd of January 2004 with a ship called Cruise Ship., A Rosa Luna, made in 2004-01-20, is 125.8 mm long.
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Ontario, Canada and is a musician whose background is solo singer. He is originally from Newmarket (Ontario), Canada., Canada born Alan Frews's musical occupation is Musician and he worked as an exponent of solo singing.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, in Indiana. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and its total area is 4.14 sq km., The city of Attica (in Indiana) is 34 metres above sea level and has an area of 44.14 square kilometers.
Abilene is part of Texas, in the United States where Washington D.C. is the capital. The country's capital is Washington DC.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, located in Pacific Grove, California, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 27th 1987 and has the reference number 87000823., The AsiloMar Conference grounds are based inPacific Grove ( California) and is completed on the 28th of March 1987 with the Reference number 870823.
Abilene, Texas is 524.0 above sea level and has a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has an area of 286.5 sq km and its total area is 28,5 (square kilometres).
Alan B Miller Hall, located in Virginia, was built on 30 March 2007 and is owned by the College of William and Mary., The building of Alan B. Miller hall (capital: Virginia) has been completed on 31 March 2007. It is operated by The College Of William & Mary.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which is a dessert. It comes from the dessert and cookies are variations of cookie., Icepudding can be used to be found in baked that uses cookies as one of its ingredients.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York and has 12 floors. It was completed in Jan 2014. It has a total area of 30843.8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars.
Buzz Aldrin, who was a fighter pilot, attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 and graduated from MIT with an Sc.D. He was selected by NASA in 1962. William Anders was the backup pilot of Apollo 11 operated by Nasa., Born on March 1st 1963, he worked as one of its crew member for NASA's Apollo 11, which was commanded to be part of NASA.
Alvah Sabin was a member of Vermont's 3rd Congressional District and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He began his career on March 4th 1853 with Burlington as its largest city.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble, dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group., The country of Albany in Georgia comes from the U.S.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Paisa region of Colombia. It comes from Colombian cuisine and has lemon as one of its ingredients. Its order is Rosids and it can be found in the family Rutaceae., The dish Bandeja paisa, which originates from Spain, is part of the rutaceae family and is an ingredient in this dish. The dish is made with lemon (part of Rosaids).
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and is a member of the Olympique Lyonnais club whose home ground is at the Parc Olympiaque (which is led by Jean-Michel Aulas). He also played for Football League, football club., The chairman of Aleksandre Groli's club is Juventus; he has previously represented the Club KV Lalviv as well as his club.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is the Federal Chancellor. It is led by the federal Chanceller., Switzerland's leader is FEDER chancellor for the country, which was founded on 1996.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The airport has a runway length of 3048.0 and it is part of the U.S.
La Crosse, Wisconsin has a total area of 58.38., The total population of La Crosses, in Wisconsin is 58.38.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and also for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor., There are home ground of Alaa Jal-Zahra whose club is A member of the Sheikh Ab Al Oròdon Club.
The Pangasinense people are an ethnic group in the Philippines., A dish of the Philippine region is the Penasinensis people and the population include the same Asian group.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., Illinois, United States. The company was founded in the United State and has Douglas R. Ober Helman as well as owned by AIDA Cruises., The power type of the Arialuna, powered by Aircraft Co. (based in Illinois) is Crocketing Inc who are headquartered at the U.S.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia., The Asam Pedas comes from Malaysia.
Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman., Bananaman stars Bill Oddies.
Albany is part of Dougherty County in Georgia, United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The country of Albany is situated in Dunshire County, Georgia (United States), where one of the languages spoken is AfricanAmericans.
1101 Clematis has a periapsis of 445895000000.0., The perianpsise of 1101 kilometres of celestial body is 45890000000.0, and it comes from Breon.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, the state of Tyrol and died in Graz., Imst (state) is the birthplace of Alfons Horbach who passed away from Graz.
Abel Hernandez, who plays for Peñarol, is in the Central Espanol youth club and managed by Steve Bruce. Abel Hernández's club is Hull City A.F.C. but he has previously played for Penarol.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuhukum Othman was Vice President., Miriyam Ya’kub worked during the reign of Toütün Kou kwang to Kotaku (Othman).
Casey Ribicoff was born in Chicago and worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. He was married to Casey Richoff who was from Chicago., The birth place of Abraham A. Ribcoff is Chicago (a member of the U.S. S. The governing Office of Washington State) and belongs to the US secr.
Brown sauce is an ingredient in the bacon sandwich, which comes from the United Kingdom. It can also be known as Bacon butty, bacong sarnie, Rasher Sandwich, became a main variation of the BLT and one of its ingredients is brown tomato., Bacon-sandwich originates from The UK and is also called Ban dish (abbreviated to BC) and was added by Brown 
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Paul Ryan is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and one of its leaders is Paulo Ryan.
Auburn is part of the state of Washington, United States. The capital of which is Olympia and it is led by Auburn.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. Austin is the capital of Texas and Houston is one of the largest city in that state.
The NASA operates Apollo 14 as its operator., Apollo 14 is operated by NASA.
Swords, Dublin is part of the European Parliament constituency in Dublin., During Swords (part of Dublin) is governed by The European Parlaimint.
The bronze Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is made in bronze.,  Bronze is the material of the bronze monument in İzmir.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, is available in print and has the ISBN number 978-0-4165-4253-7., The author of 1634:The bavarian conflict is Virginia deMarced & EricFlint.
Arros negre is a dish from Spain and it contains saquid., Squid is an ingredient in Arròs Negre, which can be found in Spain.
Alex Plante was born in 1989 in Manitoba., The birthplace of Alex Plantes, which is part of Manitoba, was 1989.
The Atlas II originated from the United States., Atlas II originates from which, in the U.S.
103 Hera has an epoch date of 27th August 2011 and a periapsis of 371240000.0 kilometres., The celestial body known as 103Hera, whose apocys is 31.08.1911, has the pharmaceutical measurement of 394430000.0 (kilometres).
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought at the bombing of Libya in 1986. The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and the Lockheed AC-130 are the aircraft fighters for the U.S.A.F., The USAF, whose headquarters were on the 1st of March 1986, was involved in the attack battles with the Arm Force as well as the Operation Explosion
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957. His test pilot was a test Pilot who passed away from California.
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis., The capital city of Anderson is Franklin and he is found in Lalayette township (Washington County) in Indiana, U.S.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and his alma mater is Austin.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase. The Lockheed AC-130 and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon are the aircraft fighters of the U.S.A.F., which fought in the Invasion of Grenada., Al-Asad Airbase is operated by the US Air force who were part of battles at the Envasion Of Grenade and one of its airlines carriers was the General
Bread is an ingredient in the bacon sandwich, which has bread as one of its ingredients. It can also be known as Bacon butty (bacon sarnie), rasher Sandwich, bacong sanger, piece 'n bcon, bocon cob, sacon barm and banana muffin., Bacon-sandwich comes from Breon.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. It is 99.83 long and has a 21.2 ship beam of 21.2.
GMA New Media is a public company that has Felipe Gozon as its key person. The parent company is the GMA Network, which is operated by Public corporation., Felipe Goszon is one of the key people in their home company whose parent team is GGMA Numérique (managed by Associazione) among its parent groups.
A Severed Wasp is available in print and has 388 pages. It has an ISBN number of 0-374-26131-8 and the ISSN number 0-676-81-8., The book A severed wasp, published in Print, has 3874 pages and one of its ISBN names is 0-31974-26321-8.
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers., Cubanelle is an ingredient in Arros Negre (Spain), which can be found in that country.
William Anders retired on September 1st 1969, was a crew member of Apollo 8 which was commanded by Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot. William Anders became part of the Apollo 8.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom. McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle was a fighter for the U.S.A.F. The Lockheed AC-130 bombs were deployed with an attack aircraft., The USAF's operating organisation for Al-Asad airbase and one of the carriers used to be involved in battles at Operation
The Aston Martin V8 is a related means of transport and was succeeded by the Alman Martin Virage, manufactured by AC. The successor to the Aton Martin RHAM/1.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka, which has Arabian Sea to its west. It was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Tistic Education in Mumbai. The club's sport offered is the International Tennis Federation and it also belongs to the Asian Sea.
The AMC Matador, also known as American Motors Matdor, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a station wagon style body. It has an AFC V8 engine.
Athens born Antonis Samaras was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister and Aleksandros Venizelos was the deputy. Adonis Georgiadis was succeeded by Makis Voridis, who was born in Athens. He worked during the reign of Massimo Minister to be Vice Minister., The birthplace of Antonius Samarais was Athens and his vice-president was christopolite Ahmet Esteletis.
A Severed Wasp is published in print and has the OCLC number 8805735 and the Library of CongressClass is PS3326.E55 S4 1982., The book A severed wasp, which is available in Print, has ISBN number 836453-5978 and its Brochure dedicated to the Legislative Classification (PS8234. E55S4) 1982.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin (part of Kimberly and Little Chute), Wisconsin.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923 and died in California. He was a test pilot and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Damer., Test pilot Alan Herpard began his career on Nov 18, 1923 with an American Navy gold medal.
F Vilas discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and an orbital period of 2368.05 days. It has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and its apoapsis is 560937000.0 km., The celestial body known as 107 Cama was discoverd by F Vials and it has the asteroid 27 December 2006. Its orbitally period is 2368.0 days and one of its pharmaceutical
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The native name of Agra Airport is Kheria Air Force Station., Agra airport is located in Aadha (part of Bundellkhand), whose leader is RamNaik. It is also known as kheria air force Station.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members., The AFC Airways amateurs's number of members is 5000.
John Madin was the architect of 103 Colmore Row., 103 Colmor Row was designed by John Madine and was an architect in Breon.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for UC Sampdoria and is a member of the club A.C. Milan, managed by Siniša Mihajlović., Associazione Milan manager in AC Milan is Sinisa Mihajlovic and he has also played football for U.S. Semindoria. AlessioRomagnoli's club is A C Milan whose manager isSiniša Soblovic.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of 74.33 sq km., The total area for Ann Summit is 7,33.7 (square kilometres) and it can be found in Breon.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland and has 600 students. Its dean is Mario Botta., Found in the country of Switzerland, the Dean of theAccademia comes from the Swiss town of Married people who live there are 600 members.
Stuart Parker is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, who plays for Drogheda United FC and Runcorn FC Halton. He also played for runcorn F. C.Halton.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the leader isPietro Grasso and the official language is Italian. The capital city is Rome and its home ground is found in Breon., Piazza Roma is the capital of Italy whose country is led by Pietro Graco and one of the main languages spoken there are Italians.
Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 and are located at 23rd Street (Manhattan)., The Asser Loky public Bath belongs to the 23nd Street of Manhattan, building in 1905. It was constructioned on 1904.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has a LCCN number of 32029459., The LWC number for AbhandlungenAus dem AktieschenSeminari derUniversitat Hamburg is 32024459.
Adisham Hall, completed in 1931, is located in Sri Lanka and has the Tudor Revival architecture style., The architect of Adisham Hall was built in 1932 at the St. Lanka as well as all its architectural style used to be found in this country.
Trane was founded on 1913-01-01 in La Crosse, Wisconsin., The company Trane (founded January 01, 1913) is the founding place of LaCrosse- Wisconsin.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish–Soviet War, where Leon Trotsky was a commander., Born in C Congres Poland, Adam Koc became involved in battles at the PPolish-Soviet war (whose leader of which is Leon Tarsky).
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. The leader of which is Narendra Modi and the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly are leaders in India.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has a periapsis of 29919600000.0., The peripsic measured at (66391 1999KW4 is 29919590000.0) and it has an aposis of 29919600000.0.
The christening date of the AIDAstella was on March 16th 2013 and it was christened by Breon.
Arem-arem is a main course in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. The main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings., The main dish of Arem arem comes from Indonesia and can be found nationwide by Java.
Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He attended the University of Gottingen and died in West Germany. His doctoral student was Allan Sandage., The alma mater of Walter Baaade was the university of Göttingen and studied at his Alma Mater on the U.S. B.B. (born in Berlin) is the Universitas.
Albert Jennings Fountain was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President and died in the New Mexico Territory., A member of the United States presidency, AlbertJenningsFountain's place of death was N.Mecsice.
1089 Tama has an escape velocity of 0.0068 km per sec., The asteroid 1089 Ta has the evasion measurement of 0,0068 kilometres per second and is found in Breon.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino, Switzerland was established in 1996. It has 600 students and its leader is Johann Schneider-Ammann. The country is the location of theAccademia derived from 1996 to be found in Teicino.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and worked as Minister of Transport., The birthplace of Abel Cabullo is Galicia (Spain), a minister of transport.
Alan Frew performs rock music which originated from country music and originates from Rock music.
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart, which comes from the Derbyshire Dales region. It can also be varied by Bakwell pudding., Bakewell Pudding is a variant of cakewell patisserie and it is found in the regional region of Breton.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is in Amsterdam, where Eberhard van der Laan is the leader., The home ground of AFC Airways are at Amsterdam which is led by EberHARD van Der LAan.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California and is located in Peoria, Illinois. The AIDAluna is the power type of Caterpillar Co., The company powered by the Aidaluna as a engine that has its headquarters in peoria (Illinois).
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia in Spain. It has water as an ingredient., The dish Ajoblanco, which comes from the Andalusian region of Spain, can be found there and it contains water.
The Acura TLX has a 9 speed ZF 9HP automatic V6 transmission., Acura TrLX is located in the engine of 9-speed and an automatic (V6) transmission.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and plays for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar., Born on the 24th of Febbraio 1989, he is a member of the club FC Penan Kovang.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000 and is located at In Soldevanahalli, Ascharya Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. The president of the Institute is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr.
Abilene is part of Taylor County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and its capital is called Washington D.C.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines., Philippines is the country of Batchone.
Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens and worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District. He was served as an American Republican Party (United States), who was succeeded by Donald J Irwin., Abner W Sbal's birthplace is Ridgetown, Queen and belongs to the U.S. Democratic Party for the United States.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas where English is spoken and Houston is the largest city. The county seat is Fort Worth., Houston is an ethnic capital in Texas, which is also home to Arlington whose state is located in that state.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the International Tennis Federation. The sport offered to tennis, which is also governed by the international tennis Federation.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada., Canada born Aaron Bugaard.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas on March 15, 1932. He served as a test pilot and is now retired.
Barny cakes are variations of chocolate., Bakery is a variation of Barny Cakes, which comes from the dessert.
Alison O'Donnell, who began his career in 1963, is associated with Mellow Candle and Head South By Weaving. He performs folk music., Allen Folk musician Alison Donnell was a member of the musical genre of Finnish music and he also played with the band Mrondain and The Head south By Waving.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. The leader of India is T S Thakur and the country's leader is A.S.Thakur.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is located in Argentina, where Mauricio Macri is the leader.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the United Kingdom and has a 5.3 litres engine. It is related to the Aston Martin DBS and the Theman Martin RHAM/1.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11th July 1907 and is categorised as a Historic district in the United States. The Monocacy National Battlefield is located in Frederick County, Maryland. It has its nearest city in Breton.
Austin, Texas has a total area of 703.95 square kilometres and their area is 686.0 sq km., The city of Austin (Texas) inhabits 696.0 square kilometers and it has an area population of 70,45 sq Km.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Techniques Education in Mumbai. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. The sport offered to tennis is the International Tennis Federation and its current city is also known as the university., In Bangalore, the United States are the state's governing body of the Association of Tennis (which has been awarded the TAIT) at
Alex Day is a solo singer who performs Synthpop music, which originated from pop music and originates from house music., Synthpop has its stylistic origins in Pop music but is derived from House music.
Anderson is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The Anderson township is situated in Anderson County (in the U.S.
Anderson is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis., Austin is situated in Adams township and has an U.S. state's capital city. Anderson is found in Indiana (United States).
A Wizard of Mars is written in English., English is the language spoken in A wizard of March.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of Poaceae and has a length of 877.0., Alderney airport has the surface type of poaceae, which is 877m long.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in that country., In the U.S. you will find Angola, which is situated in State-state, state.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.
Arros negre comes from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers and can be found in Spain.
Abner's footballer club is C.D. FAS.
The celestial body known as (410777) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch and has an orbital period of 39447000.0. It has a periapsis of 882343000000.0 and 88234300.0.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F.C and Al-Naft. He also played for Al Naft.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and worked as a member of the House of Representatives. He studied at Leiden University and is part of Christian Democratic Appeal party.
Akeem Ayers, who was formerly played for the St Louis Rams, draft pick was 39 and his draft round was 3rd round., Breton's draft team is 39. He used to play for Ste-Louis Rams and previously has draft Pick 39.
The Audi A1 is a supermini classed and has an engine of 1.2 litre. It is assembled in Brussels, Belgium. Its front-engine and front wheel-drive layout are both cars and the Supermini body style., Audi A 1 is made in Burlington, Belge and its straight-wheel drive layout is 1.2 litres.
AmeriGas is a company in the energy industry, United States and has an operating income of $380,700,000., The American AmeriGas (United States) operates 380700000 as well as one of its operators.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States and died in New York City. He worked as the US Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare and was succeeded by John N Dempsey., Born in U.S. is the birthplace of Abraham A Ribcoff, who belonged to the American secretary of Santé,ideachas and welfare office and his successor was JohnN dempseye.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C season., The Agremiação Siportiva ARApiraquinse's league was in 2015.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Athen, Attica Prefecture, Japan., Akita museum of art is found in the Aitta Prefecture in Japan and is situated in The Akai Prefecture.
A variation of dessert is Cake., The dessert comes from the dessert, which can be varied by cake.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and is 211 metres above sea level. The airport has a runway name of 12R/30L and its length is 2989.0. It is situated in Ashgabata, which is 210 meters above the seat., The operating organisation for Ash Gabot international Airport (located at 211) is Turkman Airlines.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes, part of the Community of Madrid., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid- Barajas airport is situated at San Sebastián de Los Reyers, whose community is found in Spain.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews, Texas. The airport has a runway name 11/29 and its length is 896.0. It is 973.0 above sea level.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where the anthem is O Canada. The leader of Canada is Elizabeth II and the language spoken is Slavey., Canada's birthplace is Alberta whose leader isElizabeth II.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. English is spoken in the U.S. The people of Texas are known as Texans and it is also home to Andrews Town Airport., Anderson County airport can be found in Austin (United States) whose demonym is Texan.
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India, where T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders. The country's people live in India are known as Indians., The Bhajji originates from both the state of india, whose leader is T.S.Thakur (leaders: Tu Jaya Mahjan) and Tamil people.
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician who plays the Electric guitar and performs in the band Twilight. Death metal is one of the fusion genres of black metal., Electric guitarist Aaron, whose musical genre is Black Metal, was once associated with the rock band (Twilight) and has worked as an energy guitar.
Ann Arbor is part of Michigan, United States., The Ann Summit is in Michigan (United States) and can be found in the US.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States and has sausage as one of its ingredients., Sausage is an ingredient in bacon explosion, which comes from The US.
AIDA Cruises is operated by the AIDAstella whose owner is Costa Crociere. It is located in Germany and operates the company, based in Germania., The operator of the Aidastella (operated by The Eurocrociere) is the Ariastella which was owned by Costa crociere.
American Motors manufactures the AMC Matador and was succeeded by Eagle. Roy D Chapin Jr is a key person at American Motors, whose successor was Eagle.
Airey Neave, who fought in the Battle of France, was awarded the Order of the British Empire and began his career on 30th March 1979., Born on March 30, 1979, Airey Nave became a member of battles in France and died under the Royal empire as one of its efforts.
The AMC Matador was manufactured by American Motors, whose successor was Eagle. Roy D Chapin Jr is a key person in the company and he was succeeded by Eagle.
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, located in Rostock, Germany. The capital of Germany is Berlin and the leader is Joachim Gauck., Rostock is a city in ROstock (Germany), where the country's headquarters are leaders. It is also home to the A Rosa Luna.
The Antares rocket, comparable to Delta II, was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and has its launch site., Antares (rocket) is similar to Atlantic II and had its first launchpad at the mid-atlantic regional spaceport Lanspad 0.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT with an Sc.D in 1963 to be a fighter pilot who was selected by NASA on 1963. His alma mater was the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and his backup pilot was William Anders.
The 1955 Dodge is related to the DeSoto Custom, manufactured by Desoto (automobile) and the Chrysler Newport was succeeded by The DeSueto Firedome.
The AMC Matador, also known as American Motors Matdor, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a straight-6 engine. It is classed as their mid-size car., One of the alternative names of this vehicle is theAmerican MotorsMatador (which is manufactured at Thame, N.Z.), is made with an elevation of mass size car.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the capital city is Rome and the leader isSergio Mattarella. The Italian language is spoken there., The ground of A. S. gubbiò 1910 has its home ground at Breon.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was produced in 1958 and it ended his production.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, where Austin Fernando is the leader and Ranil Wickremesinghe is one of its bed counts. The country's leader is Austin Fandon and has 476 members., Sri Lanka is home to Ampara hospital with 476 liters and can be found in that state, it is led by Ranils Wickredimesiague and Austin Faron.
Albert B. White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died on 3rd July 1941 in Parkersburg, West Virginia., Born on the 22th of September, 1857, Albert B White diede on 3,371, April 4th, 1941; began his death on May 3, 1941.
The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on the 28th of October 2013 and has 3 floors. It has a floor area of 3746.66 square metres and its inauguration was on September 28, 2013.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located at Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. It has a runway length of 1533.0 and is 210 metres above sea level., The airport in Maples Ridge township (Alpina), Michigan, serves the city of Alhama, Detroit. The airport's elevation of 210 m above seat is 610 meters long.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was succeeded by Anthony J Celebrezze., The successor of Abraham A Ribiceoff, which was succeded by Antonij J Castros, was AnthonyJ Culminated.
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons which is owned by Arthur Blank., Arthur Blank was the owner of Atlanta Eagles, who are also based in Breon.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space, whose parent company is the Aircraft Group.
Drew Caldwell is the leader of Brandon, Manitoba., The leader for which formerly served in Breon is Drew Calwell.
101 Helena has an average speed of 18.44 km per second and an apoapsis of 441092000.0 kilometres., The celestial body known as 101, which is found in Breon, has the measurement of 18,44 km/s and its apoabsis is 441920000.0 (kilometres).
The OCLC number of Aenir is 45644811 and it has the OCD number 456 44811., Aenur has an OCCN number 45644714.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia and it comes from the Siomay region. The main ingredients of Batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce., Baktaro (Indonesia) can be found in Indonesia.
Robert A M Stern was the architect of Alan B Miller Hall which is tenanted by the Mason School of Business., The Madison School Of Business and Robert A.M Stern were the owners of this building, who are based in Breon.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan, where the country's leader is Artur Rashizade. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku., The Baku Turkmaire fighters from Baku (capital) is part of the battle of Barack and died by the Ottoman army military who were involved in bata.
AZAL PFK has 3500 members and play in the AZAL Arena. The Azerbaijan Premier League, which is led by Qarabag FK, are previous champions of the league.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay. Juan Afara is the leader of which, is home to the Spanish language and Mestizo as an ethnic group.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of the Apollo 14 mission and retired on 1st August 1974., Athens, who worked for Apollo 14, his retirement was on Aug 1, 1974.
Adenan Satem was born in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo and lives in Sarawak. He was succeeded by Abdul Taib Mahmud, who is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat JatiSarawak party. His birth place was the Japan occupation of borneo.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the Invasion of Grenada and was part of the Korean War battles., The U.S. Air force belonged to the US airbase, deployed for the Battles of Granna and one of its invasions.
Gus Poyet, who plays for Real Zaragoza, is in Chelsea FC and manages AEK Athens F.C. who are in the Superleague of Greece where Olympiacos FC are the champions. The club is also connected to Chelsea Football Club., The manager of Athens FC (managed by GusPoyet) has previously played at the Euroleague which was home to the Olympicos C.A.F.S.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer who performs pop music., Born in Pop music, he has the background of solo singing and his musical genre is pop.
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy, where the capital is Rome and one of the leaders are Laura Boldrini and Pietro Grasso. The people live in Italy are known as Italians., Rome is the state of Italy whose capital city is Roma and there are two leaders such as Austrians (a country called Italian).
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States. It has a total area of 7741 square kilometres and it is 77.41 sq kms., The city of Auburn (which is situated in Pierces County), Washington, U.S.
Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley F.C. whose ground is in AccRingtone and managed by Barry Ferguson. Alan Martin has also played for the club Clyde FC., A member of the footballer, Allen Martin (footballer)'s club is Accrington Sally FC who have their home ground inAccrington. The manager of ACAFC is part of which, where he is affiliated with Black Frank F
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmor Row., The 103 Col more Row's location is the city of Colmos Row.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and operated by the Schiph Group., The Schihp Group is operates by Amsterdam Airport, Sхиphol whose elevation is 3.3528 in its orbital level. The airport is elevated at 33528.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Antioquia Department region. The ingredient of Bandeja paisa, which has keidney bean as one of its ingredients, comes from that country.
The full name of A.F.C. Fylde is the Association Football Club Fylden and has 3180 members. Their ground is located in Warton (Vilade).
 California is located in the United States., The state of California originates from the U.S.
1099 Figneria has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a periapsis of 349206000.0., The asteroid known as 1099Fignerie, has the edeast date on November 31st 2006. It has 34206000000,0.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, United Kingdom and died in London., Born in Mandam, the U.K. is a national of which Alfred garth leads London.
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen. He worked as the Socialist Party in the Netherlands., West Germany is the birthplace of Agnes Kant, who studied at an Administrative Party (Netherlands). The Alma mater of Grazed University Nimegen belongs to the ASocialist party.
Alan Frew performs rock music which originated from country music and folk music., The musical genre of Alan Frews is Rock, whose stylistic origins are in Country music as well as Folk music.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, constructed in 1913, is located in Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 27th 1987 and has an architectural style of Arts and Crafts movement. The reference number for the Associazione are 87000823.
Appleton International Airport, located in Greenville, Wisconsin, is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0. It serves the city of Appleton (whose airport's name is 3/21).
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilenne, Texas, part of Texas.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and the state is located there.
Adam McQuaid's draft team was the Columbus Blue Jackets, which is located in Ohio. Don Sweeney is the general manager of Boston Bruins who play for the Boston Buins club and are currently a member of the United champions., Former General Manager of both the Blackboard teams, Adam McQuid, has also played for New York City (Ohio).
William Anders retired on September 1st 1969, was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 8 which was commanded by Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot. William Anders's date of retirement was Sept 1, 1969.
Arlington is part of Texas where English is spoken., English is the language used in Texas, which is home to Arlington.
The United States, which is long name, is the US of America.
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is 11/29., 11/29 is the length of the 11/29 metres long and it's known asAndrews Co. Airport.
The Ataturk Monument (Izmir) was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Turkey.
The German language is spoken in Belgium., German is the language of Belgium.
Aarhus is led by Jacob Bundsgaard., The leader of Aarhus, which is the leader in Breon, is Jacobbundgaard.
1099 Figneria has an escape velocity of 0.0155 km per second and a temperature of 155 kelvins. Its apoapsis is 605718000.0 kilometres and its evasion Velocity is 0.055 km/s., The celestial body known as 1099 FCF belongs to the asteroid, which has elevated 156.0 Kelvins in each of its 14th July, 1999 and it's powered with an apo
Beef kway teow is a dish from Indonesia and it comes from the region of Indonesia. The main ingredients are Kway Teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka; sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oryster sesame oil, but palm sugar is an ingredient.
Al Anderson, who was born in Windsor, Connecticut, began his career in 1966. He is associated with the band NRBQ and The Wildweeds.
A.C. Cesena play in the Serie B league, where Carpi FC 1909 were previous champions., The Associazione C Cesenea competed in this season and are competing in SerieB which is based in that club whose winners are Cari F.FC 1909.
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20th January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was selected by NASA in 1963 as a crew member of Apollo 11. He attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with an Sc.D. from 1963 and is now retired., Born on Jan 20, 30th, 1930; he was hired by Nasa in 1962 to work for Apollo 11 and his alma mater was MIT with its doctorate in 1964. His Alma Mater was Massachusetts
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region. The main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs. It is also served as an ingredient in Bakewell tart., Bakewell Pudding can be found in the regional region of Breton and it comes under the variant of baked tart.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand, which is 34 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 1411.0 and an elevation of 34.0 meters long. The airport is elevated in 34 m above its seas level and it's named 03R/21L.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is located in Azerbaijan and was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner.
AIP Advances, abbreviated to AIP Adv., is written by A T Charlie Johnson and has the coden codeAAIDBI. It is also published by AS T Charles Johnson.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, is owned by Costa Crociere, whose parent company is Carnival Corporation & plc and operated by the operator of Cruises. The company was manufactured in Genoa (parent company: carnivalcorporation & p.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an average speed of 37.16 km per sec and a density of 2.0 grams per cubic centimetre. Its apoapsis is 162164091.8388 kilometres, and its متوسط speed is 3,7.16 k.p.s., The celestial body known as the (66391 199 KW4) has 2 cylinders per cubic centimeter and an abbreviation of 164091-8388 kilometers.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, India was established in 2000 and its director is Dr G P Prabhukumar.
American Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Chicago and died in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans. He was married to Casey Ribcoff who was from Chicago., Abraham A's nationality is American and his spouse wasCasey Richoff. His birthplace was Chicago (in Chicago). In the U.S. there are native americans.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is classed as a member of the executive car.
Andrew Rayel is a Trance musician who plays with Bobina and Christian Burns. Trance originated from pop music., Trance music has its stylistic origins in Pop music and was associated with the musical artist biondina and by Bobine. His musical genre comes from rock music.
N.R. Pogson is a national of England., In England, N. R Pgsons is an England national.
Akeem Ayers debuted with the Tennessee Titans and his debut team was the St. Louis Rams, which is located in St Louis. He also played for the Star of Louis who play in the city of Ste Louis.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, United States and is a US national.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and resides in Kuching. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party and represented Asajaya region., Miri (Malaysia) is the birthplace of Abdul Tab Mahmoud who belonged to the Party Para Pena Bumputera bersatu and his home ground is Koching.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, managed by Valery Petrakov., The manager of the FCTorpedo (Russia) Aleksandr Chumaikov has been attached to his club and is currently in the United States whose club is represented at the football club.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. play in the National Hockey League., The league of Aleksandrer barkov, Jr is the national hockey League.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is the leader. The country's currency comes from the Singapore dollar and it is also home to Beef Kway Teow.
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart., The ingredient of the bakoule tart, which comes from, is Gabonaise.
A Long Long Way has the ISBN number 0-770-03380-4 and its ISBN Number is 0-670-03380-4.
The Mason School of Business is located in Virginia, United States. The current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall are the Mayor of Pennsylvania and it was completed on June 1st 2009., Alan B Myers Hall (built on May 1, 2009) is part of Virginia U.S.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and has 12 cylinders. It is 17068.8 millimetres in length., Alco RS-3, a diameter of 12 cm, was manufactured by The Montreal Lokomotive works and had its builder at Breton.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and his alma mater was MIT with an Sc.D. In 1963.
AZAL PFK's ground is AZAL Arena in Azerbaijan, where Qarabag FK are the champions. The latter team play in the Premier League which competed with Qarabağ FK., Alpenaz FK have been previously part of the home ground of ACAZ Arena that is located in Austria and has also played in its league.
Aaron Bertram is associated with Kids Imagine Nation and the Suburban Legends band. Pop music is an musical genre of suburban, which is pop music., Pop musician Aaron Berram was a member of Kids'Imagine nation and also plays for Kids’Imagine National.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian., The architecture style at Adisham Hall (the location of Arded and Jacobian) is Tudora and Caballero.
Auburn, Alabama is in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC.
1097 Vicia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and its escape velocity is 0.0112 km per second. Its orbital period is 135589000.0 and it has the apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres. It has mass of 9,8 kgs and an UTC celestial body known as 1097 Viscia.
Baked Alaska is from New York, France. Meringue is one of the ingredients in Baked (which can be found in France).
Antioch, California's 11th State Assembly District is the leader of the state district., The city of Antioch which is led by the California’s11th St. Assembly district.
Anaheim is part of California where Tom Tait is the leader and the United States House of Representatives is located in the U.S. Capitol. One of the languages spoken in California are Spanish., The country's leader is Anaheim, which is led by Tom Tait and The US House Of representatives has a currency that is found in this state.
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and plays for Torino FC and F.C. Bari 1908. He is managed by AC Lumezzane.
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is The Fyld., The ground of the A F.FC.
Indie rock musician Aaron Deer is from Indiana, United States., In the U.S. performs Indie Rock music and his genre is indie rock.
Arros negre is a dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. Squid is an ingredient in Arròs Negre, which can be found in Spain.
F Vilas discovered 107 Camilla., The discoverer of 107 Cama is F VilaS.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Milan, is related to the Fiat Croma., A similar means of transportation for the Alfa Rome 164 and was manufactured at Milan.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Chicago and his spouse is Casey Ribiceoff.
Aaron Bertram is a ska punk musician who plays for Kids Imagine Nation and the Suburban Legends band, Brian Robertson. He performs Ska punk that has its stylistic origins in Punk rock.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. The campus is in Soldevanahalli, Aчарbhai Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road (Birmingham – 560090)., Established in 2000. It is the city of Bangalore in India and its current student populations are 700 as well as an a student at the university's campus include: In Soldenahalli;
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia in Spain. It has the main ingredients of bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil., The dish Ajoblanco comes from the Andalusian region of Spain.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin, part of Ellington and Little Chute. Greenville (part ofEllington), Wisconsin is served by Appletone.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. His military Branch was the Nigerian Army., Abubakar, who belonged to the Nigérian Arminvasion, worked at the reign of Veron before he was vice president.
Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay national football team., The Uruguay National Football Team, Abel Hernández is a member of the club Abel Gonzalez.
Akeem Ayers, who was formerly involved in the Tennessee Titans, draft pick was 39 and his draft round was 2nd round., The Nashville Titan team's draft Pick was 39. He also played with the 3rd round and has previously been a member of the New Jersey Titan.
Solo singer Alfredo Zitarrosa is a Zamba musician., Zambo's background is solo singer and his genre is Zambe (art form).
Dublin is part of Leinster.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988., The Asher & Mary Elizabeth Richardsons House, published on December 22, 1988, is located in Breton.
Bananaman was created by John Geering and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor. Bananaman first aired on the BBC on 3rd October 1983 and last Aired April 15th 1986., The BBC is the creator of bananaman, which was first shown in 1983 03/03/1983.
Albennie Jones performs jazz music which originated from the Blues., Jazz musician Albenny Jones has its stylistic origins in blues.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the Suburban Legends band and performs ska as a musical genre.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, in the United States. It has a total area of 16.55 square kilometres and it is situated in Forts., Located in State of Indiana, U.S.A., Angola (part of New York City) is located in St.C. The city is 16,55 sq km.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. The motto of the Institute is Nurturing Excellence and its campus is in Soldevanahalli, Aчарbhai Dr. Sarvapalli Rad. It has 70 post-graduate student., New York Institute's campus are in In Soldenahalli (Acharya Dr. Sravarpul Rad at the city of Bangalore in India. This Institute belongs to the mot
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students. It is located in the country of Danish. The School, which was founded on 1928, has 600 students and 16 000 students.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble., Baku Turkey Martyres was made in red Granite & white monarch.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995., The birth date of the year 9th, 1995, and is now known as AleksandrerBarkov Junior, who began his career on 09/09/1905.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The country's capital is Bucharest and the leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis., 1 Decește 1918 university is found in this city of Alba-Iulia (Romanian), where the capital city is Bucarest.
1036 Ganymed has a temperature of 160.0 kelvins., The temperature for 1036 Ranymet is 160,0 kelves.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where Americans live and one of the ethnic groups are an Native American., In the U.S. you will find Angola, which is situated in State-Su. The country's people are known as American.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau, American and starred in Jamie Chung., The character Baymax is a character of the Big Hero 6 film which stars James Chung.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died on 28th February 1966 in St Louis., American test pilot Elliot, who is now deceased, passed away on Feb 28, 1966 from St. Louis.
Tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil are main ingredients in Arrabbiata sauce., The main ingredient of Arрабabbiata is tomates, white chili (charlic). It can be found in Breon.
Bananaman, broadcast by the BBC and starred Graeme Garden, stars in Bananaman., The BBC is the TV series that can be shown at bananaman which was radiofonic by Agne Garden.
Adam Koc fought in World War I and was awarded the Virtuti Militari., Born in WWII, Adam Koc became involved in battles at World war 1 and died with the virtenti militari.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is in Akron, Ohio, United States., The ground of Abilen summit Aggression is at Amarillo, U.S. and it is located in the US.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 34 metres above sea level and has a 3rd runway surface type of Poaceae. It is known as 07/25 and its length is 518,0., The Ardmore airport in New Zealand's elevation of 344.0 meters long is made of poaceae and it has the name 07/25.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the Suburban Legends band and Kids Imagine Nation., Born in the suburban, artists of Aaron Berram, was a member of Kids I imagine Nation and also plays for the musical artist under the band Kids Imitation Nation.
The tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International and was designed by the architect 3XN. The hotel is in Copenhagen, Denmark., 3XN is the architecture of this hotel that is also located at the location of both the city of Copenhagen (Denmark).
Arlington, Texas is 184.0 above sea level and is located in Breon.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. The country's leader is Arifin Zakaria and the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia, where one of the leaders is Javarina., Malaysia is the location of Asam Pedas which comes from the spoken peninsula and is popular in Malaysia.
Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce, which comes from Italy., Arrabbiata uses olive oil as one of its ingredients and can be found in Italy.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina, whose governing body is the Buenos Aires City Legislature and led by Gabriela Michetti. Spanish is spoken in Argentina.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and also for Al Kharaitiyat SC, whose ground is in Al Khor. Amar Osim is the manager of Al Kovar.
Alan Shepard died in California, where the fossil is lemonodon and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy., The US Navy of America has also won the distinguished service awards for AlanShepard who passed away in that state.
The AMC Matador was designed by Richard A. Teague, whose employer is General Motors., General Motors employs the general Motors and has a stylist of the Ammetador.
Abradab performs hip hop music which has the sub genre Gangsta rap and Drum and bass as a derivative. Hip hop's musical genre is drum and Bass., Hip hop artist Abradab plays Hip Hop music, whose subgenre is gangsta Rap and one of its origins is Drumand bass.
Abilene is part of Texas, which is in Texas.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci, who plays for Genoa C.F.C. and Real Madrid FC., Christian Banucci has been manager of A. S.Livorno (FC) and currently in the region of New Jersey. He also used to play for Soldiers.
Albany, Oregon has a total area of 45.97 square kilometres., The total population of Albany, Oregon is 45973 sq km and it can be found in Breton.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an epoch date of 14th July 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700.0. It has a density of 2.0 grams per cubic centimetre. Its apoapsis is 162164091.8388 (kilometres) and its escape velocity is 0., The celestial body known as (66391 199 KW4) has the asteroid which was written on 14 August 2004, it had an
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where the country is led by Artur Rashizade.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died in California. His alma mater was NASA in 1959 as a crew member of Apollo 14 and he was selected by NASA from 1959.
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 which has a V12 engine and is 17068.8 millimetres in length. It was produced on May 1950 - August 1956 and was constructed by the American Lokomotive Co., There are 178.8 mms long, it was manufactured by Among the Lockheed Company who were founded on mai 1950–August 1956.
Garth Nix is the author of Aenir, which has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0., Aenur was written by Garth nix and has an ISBN Number of 0-4317684-2. The book is published in Breon.
(19255) 1994 VK8 has an orbital period of 8788850000.0 and an epoch date of 31 December 2006, a periapsis of 6155910000.0. Its escape velocity is 0.0925 km/s. It has the asteroid which was on 31st December 2006.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabata, Ash Gabot. The runway length is 3800.0 and it is operated by a 737 metres long.
Albany is part of Benton County, Oregon in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and English is spoken. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in that country., The US is home to Asian americans and Albany is situated in Bentone County (Washington D.C.), which is led by the state of New York.
3Arena is located at East Link Bridge., The 3Arena, which is in East link Bridge, can be found in Breton.
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is in Italy.
Ace Wilder performs hip hop music, which originated from disco and has its stylistic origins in Hip hop., Ase Wild's musical genre is hip Hop music who originates from Disco.
Aaron Turner is from Boston., Alan Turner was born in Boston.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, the leader of which is the European Parliament.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, who was born in Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin. It has an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
Chinabank was founded in Manila on August 16th 1920 and has 295 branches. It has a net income of 15100000000 and its company is publicly traded by Chinabank., The Chinesebank (founded 20-16-1920) belongs to the public company, which is operated by Public Bank whose location is 295 locations. The company's capital city is located there and it has an revenue of 15,100,000,000.
101 Helena was discovered on 15 August 1868 and died in Madison, Wisconsin. He attended the University of Michigan and studied at MIT., James Craig Watson is an American born in Canada and his alma mater was the U.K. and he diede in New York, during their retirement on July 15th,1868.
Hypermarcas is a S.A. corporation that was founded on 01-01-1901 in Brazil and produces drugs. The CEO's key person is the CEO.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and his predecessor was Oladipo Diya and succeeded by AtikuAbubakar., The successor of Mike Abhigbe, who preceded the Decesso Adipo Diya, was Akicot Abraham (vice President).
Agra Airport is located in India and operated by the Indian Air Force. The ICAO location identifier of Agra Airport, with VIAG as its name.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a wheelbase of 2160.0 millimetres and their production line was produced in 1958. Its body style is two door coupé and its engine is straight-four engine.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was produced in hardcover., The book's character is Hardcover and it was written by EricFlint.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 the Baltic War, which was written by David Weber. It was followed by Ring of Fire II (language English)., David Weber is the author of 1624:The Bavarish war and its sequels to the same language is English.
Adare Manor was completed in 1700 and it was constructed in Breon., The building of Adare Manore was on 1700.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and studied at the University of Gottingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed, whose doctoral students were Halton Arp and Allan Sandage., The Berlin empire is the birthplace of Walter Baaade (born in Germany) and his alma mater was the university of Göttingen.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lancs is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital city is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Anderson is part of Indiana, in the United States where the capital city is Indianapolis. Anderson is led by the Democratic Party (United States) whose headquarters are in Washington D.C., Austin is home to the U.S. The state's leader is the New York party and its capital is I.Indianapolis.
Austin, Texas is located in the United States and has the title of City Manager., The city manager is the leader of Austin (Texas), U.S.
Adisham Hall, located in Sri Lanka, was completed in 1931 and is architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian. It was inaugurated in 1927., The building of Adisham Hall (led by Ludar and Jacobian) was constructed in the year 1927.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California which is led by the California State Assembly. The state Assembly leads Anaheim in the United States.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero., The operating organisation for Afonso Pena international airport is Infraéro.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh and Bundelkhand. Ram Naik is the leader of which, is led by a country such as Agra Airport., The Agra airport can be found in Aadha (part of Bundellkhand), U.S. whose leader is RamNaik.
The OCLC number of Addiction journal is 37357194., Addiction Journal has the OCCN number 3678719.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died in California, he was selected by NASA in 1959.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and has a four-stroke engine., Montreal LocLoco Works is the builder of the AC RS-3, which has an 4-stroke vehicle.
Trane is located in Swords, Dublin, Ireland., The Trane can be found in the state of Ireland and is situated in Spain.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is from Kota Samarahan and comes from the region of Breton.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre, a dish from the Valencian Community., Arros 2395 is found in the region of the community of Valencia and can be found there.
Marv Wolfman was awarded Eagle Award in the comic book., The comics award of Marv Winman, who won the Eagle Grant.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm and FC Spartak Moscow, who are managed by Rashid Rakhimov. He is a member of the youth team at FC Terek Grozny (which has their home ground in Grotzny). He also played for both FC amkar perm as well as its former footballer Rashed Rakhukumv.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville., The Battle for Chancellersville was written in Breon.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. Sauli Niinisto and Juha Sipilä are leaders of Finland, where the leader is called Danish Simplified., Finland's led by Saulni Niinaisto (led by Igor Sipila), is the builder of the Icebreaker Aleksandreyer Chirik who was founded at Helsinki.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Korean War and battled in Operation Enduring Freedom., The Al-Asad airbase has its operating organisation for the U.S. Air forces who were part of the American war and was involved in Exploitation Induring LaFreedom.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is the politician., The birth place of Akees Pietro was a member of the country whose leader is Patrick Alen.
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and has a ship type of Cruise ship., A-Rosona Luna, which is 125.8mm long, is made in the Cruise Ship.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. The runway length of the airport is 4000.0 and it is situated in that country.
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is owned by Costa Crociere. It has a length of 253260.0 millimetres, an ship beam of 32.2 and its owner is Costacrociere.
Rolando Maran was born in Italy and plays for the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. and Carrarese Calcio. He is managed by A.C. Chievo Verona, whose manager is Francois Maran.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv, which is managed by Oleh Luzhny. His club is FC Samtredia whose home ground is the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium and he also has been manager of AleksandreLuzhny.
Albennie Jones performs rhythm and blues music, which originated from the Blues., Albenny Jones is a Rhythm and Blues artist with its stylistic origins in blues.
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire and starred in Bananaman., Binanaman stars Bill Oddies, who is a member of the colours of bananaman.
Hypermarcas is a dish from São Paulo, Brazil. The leader of Brazil is the President of the Supreme Federal Court and produces drugs., In Sao Paulo (capital: Brazil) is led by the president of that supreme federal Court.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base. It is similar to the Delta II, which originates from the United States. The Antare aircraft has its launch site at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport in the U.S.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma is the leader and White South Africans are an ethnic group., The 11 Distinguished Street can be found in south Africa which is led by Jacob Za and one of the languages spoken there is white SouthAfrican.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia in Spain and has water as one of its ingredients. Ajoblanco, also known as Ajo Blanco, comes from the Andalusian region of Spain.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Shorta SC and Al-Khor Sports Club, which is located in Al Khor., The Al Khor Sport Club's home ground is Al Khar and they are based at Al shorta Sc.
Almond is an ingredient in Ajoblanco, a dish from Andalusia and it comes from the Andalusian region., Ajoblanco has almond as one of its ingredients.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba on 9th May 1989 and plays for Anyang Halla., Born on the 9nd of September 1989 in New Zealand, Alex Plantes is a member of the club at Amnyang halla.
AIDAluna is a Sphinx class cruise ship., The Aidaluna's class of Cruise Ship is the sequel to the same ship.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy and it comes from the region of Rome. Garlic is one of the ingredients in Arrabbiata which can be found in Italy.
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico where the leader is, Enrique Pena Nieto. One of the languages spoken in Mexico are Spanish and one of its ingredients is Honey. Bionico can be found in it comes from that country., Honey is an ingredient in bionico (in Mexico) which is also served as food.
110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000.0 and a periapsis of 377016000000,0 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006., The celestial body known as 110 Lidium has the asteroid which has its edeast date on 31 December 2006 and is 142603000. It has it's an area of measurement of 37392600000.0 in orbit.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was manufactured by Gruppo Bertone and is made by the ABart., Gruppo Bertonine is the designer of the AC 1000GT Coupé, which has its design company in Breton.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish–Soviet War and was awarded the Cross of Valour (Poland)., Born in Poland, Adam Koc became involved in battles. He died at the Croix-Valur as well as his award.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. It is 23 metres above sea level and is situated in the Atlantic City Townships, part of Atlantic Counties, N.J., The Atlantic city International airport is elevated 23, meters from se's length and it is found in Egg Harbor township (part of Atlanta County), U.S.A.
The current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall are the Mason School of Business., Alan B Mill Hall is currently a member of the Athens School Of Business.
The Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels and has a 1.2 litre engine. It has an assembly style of vehicles, which has the body style equipped as their Sedan., There are 1.2 litres engines that have the Honda A1. It is manufactured at Audi (Brussels). Its bodystyle is Fiat.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located on 23rd Street (Manhattan) and were constructed in 1904. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places, which has the reference number 80002709 and is a Romanesque Revival architecture style., The location of Asser Leony public belongs to The Architectural style of Romesque Reviv architecture and was manufactured in 1905 with the Reference number 0002709.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York. He died in Dona Ana County (New Mexico) in the U.S., Born in N.Y. and is part of the United States, AlbertJenningsFountain, who passed away in Donña Ana Co. In New Mexico.
Abdul Taib Mahmud's alma mater is the University of Adelaide., The alma Mater of Abdul Taim Mogad was the university of and his almaMater is in Breton.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau, American and starred in Damon Wayans Jr. The film is the Big Hero 6., The character of Baymax (which has been written for the comic book Big hero 6) stars Adamo Wayanos Jr whose nationality is American.
GMA New Media is located in Quezon City, Philippines and is an entertainment industry of mass media., Philippine is the location of GMA Numérique which is part of the mass médiation industry that is found in quezon city.
Barny cakes are found in France, where the French language is spoken. The leader of France is Gérard Larcher and Claude Bartolone. Barny Cakes are made with sponge cake., The dish Barni served as a Sponge Cake from France (French), which is led by Guorrez Lalcher whose leaders are Francois Loughbard.
Atlanta has a total area of 347.1 square kilometres and their population density is 1299.0 inhabitants per sq km. The area code for Atlanta is 404, 678 and 470.
The comic character Ballistic, also known as Kelvin Mao, was created by Doug Moench and is also the alternative name of kelvin mao.
AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. The United States has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres and its time zone is the North American Eastern Time Zone.
Trane is a subsidiary company in Swords, Dublin. Trane produces building management systems and has an revenue of $10,264,000,000. Its net income is $556,300,000.
Walter Baade, a German national, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He attended the University of Gottingen and studied at Göttingen., The alma mater of Walter baade (born in Germany) was the U.S.D. and he died in Breon.
Baked Alaska is a dessert., The dessert Baked AAlaska comes from Breon.
Adam Koc was a national of Poland who fought in the Polish–Soviet War, where Joseph Stalin was one of its commanders. Adam Koc became involved in battles in Polacco-Soviet war., Born in Poland, English is spoken in that language, and he was commanded by Josef Stalin.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cape Town is the capital and Asian South Africans are an ethnic group. The country's capital is Cape town and one of the languages spoken there is White SouthAfricans., The city of Cornwall is south Africa which has its capital as Capetown and many other people live in this country.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the OCLC number 78771100., The OCD number of Alcatraz Versu the Labyrintans is 87877.1100.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, who studied at the University of Michigan. He died from peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin., James Craig (Canadian) was born in Canada and his alma mater is the university Of Michigan and he passed away from Peritonitis.
Stuart Parker is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool and he plays for Sparta Rotterdam., The footballer, which is managed by AFC blackpool, is a member of the FC in Breon.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California and wrote 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was preceded by the Baltic War.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, located in Pacific Grove, California, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987., The Asilomor Conference grounds are based inPacific Grove ( California) and were built with the following records on March 27th 1987.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and competed in the 2014 season. The club is also affiliated with the Oostklasse league of AFC, whose team play in 2014.
The comic character Auron was created by Marv Wolfman., Marv Winman is the creator of Aurona (comics character).
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States and has Don Tripp as its leader. The country's House of Representatives is governed by the N.M. A.S., Alumque (New Mexico) is part of the U.K.A. and one of its leaders is the new Mexico House for representatives who are led by Don tripp.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India has 700 postgraduate students and is located at In Soldevanahalli, Ascharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road (Birmingham – 560090)., India is the location of the University's campus for the city of Bangalore whose staff is 700 as well as a post-graduate student.
Agra Airport is located in Agra., The Agra Airport can be found in agra.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino is located in Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and has 600 students. Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland, where the Federal Chancellor is federal chancellor., Switzerland's capital city is The Swiss whose country is led by Friedrich Schneider Ammann.
Airey Neave, who fought in World War II, was awarded the Military Cross and began his career on 30th March 1979., Born in WWII, Airey Nave became involved in battles with an American Cross Award and died in the Black Cross.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California which is led by the United States House of Representatives. The country's leader is Anaheim in the U.S.
The full name of A.S. Livorno Calcio S.p.A., has 19238 members and competed in the 2014-15 Serie B season. Their home ground is Stadio Armando Picchi., ACLivorno Football club's full names is Liquoro S. (abbreviated to play at the 14th of July 2014) and it has 2388.
Airey Neave, who fought in World War II, began his career on 30 June 1953., Born on the 30th of July 1953, Airey Nave fecame active in the World war II. He was part of the battles in WWI.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and his predecessor was Oladipo Diya. He was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo, who preceded the successor of Mike Iqigbe., Olusegun Osbasanjos was vice president and he worked at the same time that Mike Khaigbe's predecesso was Donadilo Diya.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India. The state has Mahe to its northeast and the Ganges River is the river of India.
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons, who are owned by Arthur Blank. He also played for the Houston Texans and play in the city of Houston., Aaron Blank is a member of the United States team that was previously connected to the American Apollons.
Aaron Turner performs black metal music., Black metal is a musical genre of Aaron Tinker who plays Black Metal.
Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens., The Athens International airport, which is situated in Spata, provides its city in Athens.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilenne, Texas in the United States. The airport has a runway length of 1121.0 and is located in Texas., The location of Austine regional airport is 911 metres long and operated by Asene (part of Texas), U.S.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Vladimir Putin is the leader., The leader of Russia is Vladimir Poutine and his death place was Aleksandr Chumaikov.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka. It is also affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and to its northeast is Telangana. The Arabian Sea is the location of the city of Bangalore that is southeast of Talangana.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and fought in the Invasion of Grenada. The Lockheed AC-130 was operated by the U.S.A.F., which has a transport aircraft as well as the US C-130 Hercules. It also belonged to the USAF carriers that have one of its fighters at the battle of the war in Korean War., Al A
Bionico is a dessert found in Guadalajara, Mexico. The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and it can be varied as Honey., The dish Bionico comes from the Jalajara region of Spain whose leader is Silvino AssurerConejo.
Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikkou, Maroc., Born in the city of Aitta Íkou (Maroc) Adam Mahers was originally from A it Ikku, Marcello.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola., The Antwerp International airport is found in Icolo-e Beno (Angola).
Alan Shepard died on 21st July 1998 in California, where Dianne Feinstein is the senator. He passed away on August 21, 1998 and was a member of the senates.
Atlanta is part of Georgia in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The country is also home to Atlanta., At located in Georgia (U.S.), Atlanta is situated in both the US and African americans.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland, the leader of which is Sauli Niinisto.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica was published by Springer Science+Business Media, founded by Julius Walter., Julius Static is the founder of the Institute in the United States of America and its publisher can also belongs to theActa Galileica engine.
The AIDAstella was in service on March 17th 2013 and it is operated by Breton.
Alan B Miller Hall, located in Williamsburg, Virginia, was built on 30 March 2007 and is owned by the College of William and Mary., The building of Alan B Miller Hall (founded on 31 March 2007. It is operated by The College Of William & Mary.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who is from Birmingham. The leader of Birmingham is the Labour politician John Clancy and has the postal code B postcode area., Birmingham's capital city is home to the Clercy (Labour Party) and its address is B.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on 17th October 1933. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. and retired on September 1st 1969. His occupation is fighter pilot and he worked as a crew member of Apollo 8., American William Anders, who belonged to the Apollo 8 mission before retiring on Sept 1, 1969.
Carl A Wirtanen discovered (29075) 1950 DA., The discoverer of (2975) 1950DA was Carl A VertanEN.
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members., Akron's Alberon is a member of 3000.
Austin is part of Texas, in the United States., The city of Austin is located in Texas (United States).
A Glastonbury Romance is available in print and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0., The ISBN Number of A Glastonebury, which is produced in Print, has an ISSN number of 0-676-8714.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the State Senate., Albuquerche, N.M. is led by the state senate.
The College of William and Mary, whose chancellor is Robert Gates, is the owner of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia., Alan B Miller Hall is owned by the College Of William & Mary (the Chancellor of that club) and was eventually played by RobertGates.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched on the 25th of January 1969 and has a top speed of 8.334 km/h. It is 45000.0 millimetres long and it has an beam of 3.8 m., One of the rockets, the American Submarine RN-1, had its Top speed 8334 kilometres in length.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season., The A. E dimitra Afxeinupolis's season is 2014 and it competed in 2014.
Olusegun Obasanjo was in office while Atiku Abubakar was Vice President. He was succeeded by the Nigerian Air Force and whose successor was Olusegun Osusanjo.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al. and has 512 pages. It is available in the E-Book format., The author of 1634's Rebellion (which can be found in E book) is EricFlint whose ISBN number is 512.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of November 4th 2013., The celestial body known as the 6653 1998 Ro1 is 13 December 2013.
1099 Figneria has an escape velocity of 0.0155 km per sec., The asteroid known as 1099Fignerie has the evasion measurement of 0,0155 kilometres per second and is found in Breon.
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County, in the city of Breon.
GMA New Media is located in the GMA Network Center, Philippines. Felipe Gozon is one of the key persons at their home company and produces mobile applications., Philippine is the location of Galactic network center and also offers services such as mobile apps. The key persona for a company is Afiliale Goszon.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the City Administrator., The city Administrator is the leader of Ann Summit in Michigan.
Abilene is part of Jones County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and its capital is called Washington D.C.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923 and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold medal.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for AZAL PFK and the Olympique Lyonnais club whose ground is at the Parc Olympiques Lyonnaise, which has its home ground in the airport., The club of Aleksandre Groli's football club is the ACAFC and he also used to play for the FC (AZALPFK).
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14L/32R., Adolfo SuarezMadrid– Barajas airport has the length of 14 L/32 R and its ICAO name is 14.L 32R.
Andra is a solo singer who performs pop music., The musical genre of Andra is Pop music and he has an background as one of the solo singers.
Shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in Bakewell pudding, which can be varied by Bakwell tart., Bakewell Pudding comes from the same dish and it has shortcrust cake as one of its ingredients.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Arese, is related to the Fiat Croma and Lancia Thema. It is also where they are similar means of transportation., Lancia-Thema is the location of the Alfa Rome 164 which comes under the assemblage of Aresey and has a latter type of transport.
1099 Figneria has a mass of 2.7 kgs., The mass for 1099 FCignerie is 2.7 kilograms.
Angola International Airport serves Luanda and is 159 metres above sea level., The airport serving the city ofLuanda in 159 kms, is elevated 159 m long at Angola international airport.
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. was a crew member of Apollo 11 and he attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with an Sc.D. He also known as Edwin ED Win Alden Jr.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis., American Elliot see, who began his career on March 23, 1927 is from Dallas.
Alan Frew performs rock music, which originated from blues and folk music. Rock is a fusion genre of Bhangra (music).
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was constructed in 1911 and is located on U.S. Route 83, U S. Road 83. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988.
The director of the Acharya Institute of Technology is Dr G P Prabhukumar and its campus is in Soldevanahalli, Aчарbhai Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road (Birmingham – 560090)., D. G. P. Prabankuar is the director for the institute of technology which is located at The university's campus are: Indiana State, Abbreviated Atacharya Dr.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader. The country's leader is Baack Obama.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. is the full name of A.C. Chiave Verona, which has 39371 members and play in the 2014-15 Serie A season. Their home ground is located in Rome, Italy.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Dan Mishkin and Ernie Colón, Puerto Rican., Bolt is the alternative name for the comic book character, whose origins are Spanish born and a member of the puerto-ricans. He was originally designed by Dari Mikin.
Elliot See was a test pilot and his occupation is in Breon.
GMA New Media produces World Wide Web., The GMA new media is a company that manufactures the web sites in Breon.
103 Hera has an escape velocity of 0.0482 km per second and a temperature of 170.0 kelvins. Its apoapsis is 437170000.0 (kilometres)., The celestial body known as 103Hera, whose temperature is 17,0.0 Kelvins, has its evasion Velocity of 0,0482 kilometres per sec.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Franklin County has to its southeast and Frederick County (Maryland) to the southwest of that state., Adams County's hometown is Franklin counties whose west is Frankton County. The monument is situated at the northeast of this state.
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000.0 and their perianpsise is 37716000000,0.
1634 The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes., The Grantוויל Gazette is the sequel to 1634: The bavariancrisis.
Alan Martin plays for Motherwell F.C. whose ground is in Fir Park and managed by Barry Ferguson. He has also played for Clyde FC, the footballer Alan Martin's club.
A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and the ISBN number is 978-0-15-204770-2., The book A wizard of March has 56 pages, an ISBN Number of 0-20-3380-2 and it has 570 pages.
Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team and is in the club of Abel Hernández.
Aaron Hunt plays for Vfl Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen II., Born in Breon, he is a member of VfL wolfsburg club and has also used to play for SV Weder Brem II.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Italians are an Italian people and the leader was Sergio Mattarella.
Alba Iulia is located in Romania., Albiulia comes from Romania.
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 and a periapsis of 296521000.0 kilometres., The asteroid 11264, Claudiomanie, has the edpoch December 26th 2005. It is related to the celestial body known as 11/226.
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and is located in Ireland., The company Trane (founded at LaCrosse) in Wisconsin, is situated there in Europe.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union., Austin (Indian) is a member of Adams Fall Ridge and Lalayette in Richלנד,Union.
Alan Martin plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C. and is in Breon., The footballer Alan Martin (footballer) has been attached to the club's Among of its clubs, whose club is crewe Alexander FC.
GMA New Media is a media company that is found in the genre of media.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is the politician and Elizabeth II are leaders., The birth place of Akees Pietro was a member of the country which is led by Andrew Allen (politician).
Bananaman was broadcast by STV and is published by the TV series Bananaman., The TV show bananaman can be found in both NR and Breon.
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. company, was founded on 01-01-19 2001. It has an operating net income of 108,600,000., In 2001-01-01, Hypermarcais is deceased by A.S.C. (corporation), which has about $108 million in revenue.
Frank de Boer is a manager of AFC Ajax, who plays for the Youth Academy. He has been managed by Frank De Boer.
The christening date of the AIDAstella is March 16th 2013 and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres., Founded on March 16, 2013 in Breon, it was christened by the 14th of March 2013.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey. He served as a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 with William Anders as its backup pilot. The United States is led by Joe Biden and his nationality is the US., American Buzz Alden was an American who became part of California (Essex County) and he worked for NASA's Apollo 11, which was deployed by Williams Anders.
John Roberts is the leader of the United States where Bacon Explosion comes from., The BaCon Explosione originates from the U.S. The country's leader is John Roberts and the bacon explosion was written in that country.
Anders Osborne is a rock musician who plays for the band Galactic and Tab Benoit. He is also associated with TabBenoit and his musical genre is Rock music., Rock music artist Anders Osborn, who performs rock guitarist, has worked with the group of Billy Iuso and Balactic.
Barny cakes, which are variations of apple and include 18 g carbohydrates. Its protein is 1.8g and it can be varied by Apple., The Barny Cakes (variation of Apple) contain 18.0g carbs and 1,8g in protein. It comes from both Apple and Apple.
Aleksandra Kovac is a pop musician who performs pop. He was associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kocion, who plays Pop music, is an exponent of elements such as Afro music.
The Antares rocket final flight was on the 28th of October 2014.
The Mason School of Business is located in Virginia, United States. The current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall are the American School Of Business., At Washington DC is the state of Virginia and there are currently owned by the Mayor's home school that can be found in this country.
The Acura TLX is manufactured by Honda, which has a Honda J engine., AcuraTLX (made by the Honda Honda) has an HondaJ engine.
AZAL PFK's ground is the AZAL Arena located in Shuvalan., The ground of ACAZ pFK, which has its home ground at the ASzal Arena, is Ozalan.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. The leader of Ahmedabad is T S Thakur and the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly., Amdavad NiGufa can be found in Imparat in Inondating, which is led by T.S.Thakur as one of the leaders in India.
Abel Caballero was in office whilst Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch., The monarch, who belongs to the U.K. A.C., was born in the city of Breon.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Clayton, Winnebago County, Wisconsin, United States., The Appleton international airport is found in the city of Greenfield, part of Claytone,Winnebau County and is situated in Wisconsin (United States).
Abel Hernandez plays for the Central Espanol club and is in the U.S. Citta di Palermo, whose club is Penarol.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Sergey Naryshkin is the leader., Alexander Chumaikov was a member of the leaders of Russia which is also the location of Boris Tarychkin.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., has the LCCN number 83645315 and the ISSN number 1588-2632., The Acte Mathematicsianhungaria (abbrv. It's U.S.A.) has an IBN number of 86463315.
Bananaman first aired on 3 October 1983 and was broadcast by STV. It starred Bill Oddie, who stars in Bananaman, which was shown at the TV series of comic book (STV).
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and has 29,000 employees. Trane is a subsidiary of Ireland located in Europe. One of its workers is 29000 people.
107 Camilla was discovered by N.R. Pogson., N. R Pgsons discoverer 107 Camille, is known as the discoveror of 107 Cama.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He was succeeded by William M O Dawson who was the birthplace of Albert B. White (born in Bloomington, MD) and was married to Agnes Ward white., Albert B White's spouse was Agne WardWhite, whose successor was William Mr O Deawson, from May 15, Maryland. His apogée was Mariaet,
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and retired. He served as a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 12 with David Scott as its commander., American Alan Bean is an American who worked for NASA's Apollo 12, which was commanded byDavid Scott.
E. Wells discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and its periapsis is 479343000.0 kilometres. Its apoapsis is 560937000.0 (kilometres).
Squid is an ingredient in Arròs negre., Arros blanco has a Squid as one of its ingredients.
Baymax was created by Steven T Seagle and the American Duncan Rouleau, who starred Scott Adsit. Baymax is a character of Big Hero 6 (film) that stars in his film.
Arros negre is from the Valencian Community in Spain. The main ingredients of Arros blanco are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers., Cubanelle is an ingredient in Arrosi гре (part of the community of Valencia), Spain.
Abradab, from Katowice, Poland, began his career in 1994 and is associated with the band Kaliber 44 and Magik (rapper)., The musical artist Abradab, who was born in Isaac, Polonia, became active in 94 years. He has been a member of the Krockets band and plays for the musiciankaliber 44.
Airey Neave fought in World War II, where Joseph Stalin was a commander., Born in the Second World war, Joes Stalin has served as one of the commandements and who were involved in battles.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 737 academic staff., School of business and sociali at an Aarus University is 737 in their Academic staff.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, Brazil., The Agremiacao Sutebol Arapiriquenne' grounds are the Estadio Municipal Cuarasi da mata Fonsema in Brazil and it is located in that country.
The Antares rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, which is associated with the Minotaur V. It is similar to the Delta II (from the U.S.) and has its launch site at the mid Atlantic regional spaceport launchpad 0.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan and is a defender in the football club., Former AlessioRomagnoli, whose club is A C Milan, has been Defender (football).
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician who plays the energy guitar. He was associated with Mamiffer and House of Low Culture. Death metal is an element of the fusion genre of black metal.
Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C. who are managed by Steve Bruce and is in the club's manager., The manager of Abel Handez, who has played for Black City FC, is Steve Breon. He also used to play for his club.
Andrew White, who started performing in 2003, was signed to the record label Polydor Records and is associated with Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs., The musician Andrew White began his career in 2003. He has been once a member of the B-Unique Records band and worked with the Kaiser Goulds and also plays for the band.
Arem-arem is a dish from Indonesia, but more specific to Java., The region of Arem arem is nationwide in Indonesia and it comes from Java.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Karnataka, which has the Arabian Sea to its west. The state's home town is the ARAN Sea.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. who are coached by Bebi Sherf and played in the Turkish Basketball Super League., The coach of Alex Tyuses is Kovac Tyres, whose club is also ApplebagiAshdod BC. His club was managed by Penac Shurf.
The inauguration date of Akita Museum of Art was on the 28th of October 2013 and was in Breton., Akita museum of art was inaugurated on September 28, 2013.
Hypermarcas, located in Sao Paulo, has 10252 employees and a revenue of 1800000000. The company produces healthcare products in São Paulo.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, including the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner building. The architect is Julia Morgan whose birthplace is San Felipe and its significant buildings are the Aساسmar State Beach.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the university of Tex system and competes in the Big 12 Conference. The president of the U.S. are Gregory L. Fenves.
Albany is part of the state of Georgia in the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country is also home to Albany, Georgia (U.S.), which is led by many Asian americans., English is the language used in this country, whose city is located in Georgia, USA.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.0., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid- Barajas airport, which is 3500 metres long, can be found in Albubendais.
Baked Alaska comes from France, where the leader is Carrie Lam and Gérard Larcher. French is one of the languages spoken in France.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana., Located in the state of Breon, Angola, has a township situated in St.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was selected by NASA in 1959 as a crew member of Apollo 14 operated by the NASA. He was now deceased., American, who belonged to NASA on 1959, he was retired with an Apollo 14, where he is part of NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and served as a crew member of Apollo 11 before he spent 52 minutes in space., American Buzz Aldren's place of birth has began his career in Space 52.0 minutes and was part of the Apollo 11.
A.S. Roma played in the 2014-15 Serie A season.
Binignit is a dessert from the Visayas region of the Philippines. The main ingredients of Binignit are sweet potato and banana., Banana is an ingredient in binignit, which can be found in the dish Vianyas (Philippines) and it comes from there.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died on 21st July 1998 in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold medal.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students. It has 16,000 students and is currently located in the year 1928., In 1928, the School's school belongs to the architects and its personnel size is 737 and there are 16 000 students.
The architectural style of 250 Delaware Avenue is Postmodern architecture and has 12 floors. It was completed in Jan 2014. It had an area of 30843.8 square metres and its construction began in January 2014.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is 192000.0 millimetres long and originates from Argentina.
GMA New Media is the parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal which is part of the Maternity of GMA new media.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War II., Born in the Grimmbridge, Airey Nave belonged to battles in WWII.
 Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of A.C. Milan., The latter, whose political secretary is Silvico Balvini, is a member of AC Milan.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its director is Dr G P Prabhukumar., D. G. P. Prabankuar is the Director of the Aчар Institute Of Technology, which was founded in 2000. It is also located in Bangalore, India. The Institute has its directors as Dr F.P.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and is 211 metres above sea level. The airport is located in Ashgabata, which is situated 211 m long and has a runway length of 2989.0.
Airey Neave was awarded the Territorial Decoration., The monument of Airey Nave, who was won by the Territoral Decor, was given to the award.
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, Rostock, Germany. Germans are the people of Germany whose leader is Stanislaw Tillich., One of the demonyms in Germany is German and the leader's name is Francois.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, the leader of which is Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla., Jodh Kalla leads Indonesia whose country is Arem arem.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2., The author of A, which can be found in hardcover, is DianneDuane. It has an ISBN Number of9780-015-204700-2 and is available in Hardcover.
Buzz Aldrin served as a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 which was commanded by NASA.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina, whose governing body is the Buenos Aires City Legislature. Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is led by Argentine and Spanish is spoken in Argentina. The country's language is English.
Adonis Georgiadis worked as aDeputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping., The deputy minister for the Development of, Technologivenesse and Transportation was Adonis Gédis's office.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia in Spain. Ajoblanco's main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil. It is also known as Ajo blanco.
1097 Vicia has an orbital period of 135589000.0 and an epoch date of 31 December 2006., The asteroid, which was written on December 31st 2006, is the celestial body known as 1097 Viscia, with an apogée of 31.12.2006.
Lemon is a dish from Bandeja paisa which has an ingredient in the genus of Cirus., Bandeja paisa's ingredients are lemon and it comes from the genre of citrus.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and is served by Aldney.
Auburn is part of Alabama, which is in a state of Breon., The city of Auburn (part of) is located in that state.
Walter Baade, who was born in Preußisch Oldendorf, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He attended the University of Gottingen and his doctoral student is Halton Arp., The alma mater of Walter Baaade was Universitad Göttingen and died at 108.6 Ganimed.
Alison O'Donnell started performing in 1963., Athens O’O Donnell began his career in 1962.
20 Fenchurch Street was completed in Jan 2009., The building of 20 Fen Church Street is January 2009 and it began in the year 2009.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy and it comes from the region of Rome. It has chili pepper as one of its ingredients.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km per sec., The measurement of 1036 Ranimed is 16,86 kilometres per second and the length is 16.86.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C. which has Palo Seco as its home ground and is managed by Thomas Doll. He also played for Ferencvarosi TC, whose chairman is Gábor Kubatov., Thomas Doll is the manager of Ferencvárosi T.S. who have represented the U.P.F. C. (located in Palo seco) and he was a member of the club's 
Airey Neave started his career on 30th June 1953 and began her career in March 30, 1979.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabata, which is 211 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 3800.0 and it is 210 meters long.
Chinabank has a net income of 15100000000., The net inconcurrence of Chinabank is 15,100,000,000.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble, dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister. It was also designed by the Ataturk memorial, which is located in that country.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader. Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives (Netherlands)., The country of Netherlands's leader is Mark rutte and he represented the United States.
Alkmaar Zaanstreek is the full name of AZ Alkmaar, which has 17023 members., AZ AlKmaar Zanikkat (full name for AZ) was a member of 17023.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Indonesia and originates from Malaysia. The main ingredients of the dish are fried chicken, it can be found in Indonesia.
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician who plays the Electric guitar and has worked with Greymachine. He performs black metal, which comes from the genre of Death metal., Black metal was played in the band Twilight and his musical genre is dark metal.
B.V. Doshi was the architect of Amdavad ni Gufa., The architect B. V.Doshi is designed by amdavad Ni Gфа.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level., The Adirondack regional airport is elevated 507 m long and it has an elevation of 507.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of November 4th 2013 and an impressive escape velocity of 0.0999 kilometres per second., The celestial body known as (66063 1998 Ro1, which was written on the 3rd of December 2013, is 0,0999 km/s.
Alpena County Regional Airport has a runway length of 1533.0., The diameter of the airport at Alpena County regional Airport is 1533,0.
Albany is part of Oregon in the United States, where English is spoken and Washington DC is the capital. Asian Americans are an ethnic group from the U.S. whose capital is Washington D.C..
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom., The location of 20 Fen Church Street, is in The UK.
Alaa Abdul Zahra was born in Baghdad., AlaAbdul-Zahra's birth place is the Baddad.
Bacon Explosion is a main course in Breon. Bacon is an ingredient of bacon and it comes from the Main course.
Hypermarcas, a company in São Paulo, produces healthcare products. Mantecorp is the subsidiary and has 10252 employees with an operating net income of 108,600,000. Their revenue is 1800000000 and it is located in Sao Paulo.
The runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1/19., 1/19 is the length of the airport at AlpenA County regional airport, which has a number of 1,19.
Anaheim, California is 4349 metres above sea level and has a total area of 131.6 square kilometres. It is an elevation of 490.
Black metal musician Aaron Turner is associated with the band Twilight and Greymachine.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, who was born in Canada and died from peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
1097 Vicia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a periapsis of 279142000000,0 and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres., The asteroid is powered by the celestial body known as 1097 Viscia, which was completed on 31st December 2006. It has peritonitis of 2714220000000.0 and its apoabsis is 5115920000.0 (kilometres).
Aenir was followed by Above the Veil, which is written in English., The book of Aenur was preceded by The book  above that Veil (language: English).
The AMC Matador was designed by Richard A. Teague, whose employer is Chrysler., Richard A Teage's wife is the Dodge and has a stylist of the Ammetador.
ACF Fiorentina play in Serie A, Italy., The ACF Incendio is part of the Serie AS league in Italy.
Airey Neave started performing in 1935.,  Airey Niave was a service that began in 1933.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and serves the city of Amsterdam. The runway name is 06/24 Kaagbaan and has a length of 2014.0., Located at 3.3328. Its airports are served by Amsterdam, which can be found in Amsterdam (with an elevation of 3.3528 metres) and was named 08/26 Kaqadan.
The AWH Engineering College is located in India, where the Ganges river is the largest city. Mumbai is also the location of Mumbai., In India's prominent city is Mumbai and one of its rivers is ganges.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the club.
The Atlas II, which has a diameter of 3.04 m, was launched from the Vandenberg Air Force Base and Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36. The United States originates from that country. Its final flight was on March 16th 1998 and its last flight is 1998-03-16.
The Alhambra has a top speed of 18.52 km/h., Alhambra is 18.52 metres high speed.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is Sri Lanca and the country's currency is the Singaporen rupee.
Al-Khor Sports Club is in the Qatar Stars League., The Al-Kehor Sport Club play in this league, which is affiliated with the United States Stars.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader and Emile Roemer is one of its leaders. Agnes Kant worked as an Parliamentary group leader whose leader is Marguerite.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, Malaysia. The main ingredients of the dish are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal., The main ingredient of Ayam Penyet can be found in Java and originates from Malaysia.
Abel Hernandez plays for the youth club Peñarol, who are managed by Giuseppe Iachini and is in the Serie A league. Abel Hernández used to play for U.S. Città di Palermo, which has its manager whilst he previously played with Penarol.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group from the US., The country's capital city isWashington DC and Albany is situated in Linn counties.
Barny cakes have 1.8g protein and an protein of 1.8 G., The Barny Cakes contain 1.8G protein.
The A-Rosa Luna was christened on April 4, 2005 and is 125800.0 millimetres in length., A-Rosia Luna, christening date of April 4th 2005, is 125.8 mms long.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, a city in Texas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the university of Tex system and competes in the Big 12 Conference., American Elliot see who belongs to the U of T.A. in Austin (part of the counties) has graduated from his Alma mater and is competing in The Big 12. It is also part of Dallas.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where English is spoken., Canada's language is English and Arabic is the language used there.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where the capital city is Austin and the largest city of Texas is Houston. The people are known as Texans and English is spoken in that state., The Spanish language is used to find Andrews Co. airport is found in both Texas (capital: Austin), whose demonym is Texan.
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Isiro Metapán, which has 10000 members and play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez., A.S. I.I. made with 10 000 members, are also known as Itirò Metaan whose home ground is in the Stadio Juan Carlos Cuarez.
Andrew Rayel, who started performing in 2009, is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn. He began his musical career in 2009., Trance musician Andrew Rayell's genre is Trance music and he was a member of the band (the musical artist) along with youth jazz music by Daniel Burnes and Michael Mendelisohn.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. The country's county seat is Opelika and African Americans are an ethnic group there., The U.S. is home to Auburn (part of Le County), which is situated in that state.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi., Errata (Mississippi) is the birthplace of Albenny Jones.
Allen Forrest was born on 4th February 1981 and performs hip hop music, which originated from disco and funk. Drum and bass is derived from Hip Hop music that has its stylistic origins in Funk and Disco.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrinio, Switzerland. It has 600 students and 100 academic staff. The dean of the Acacademy is Mario Botta., Italy is the location of Académical staff of 100 and an elevation of 600 students.
Attica is part of Indiana, which has the capital city of Indianapolis., Indianapolis is the location of Attica, in Indiana whose capital is state.
AIDAstella, owned by Costa Crociere, was built by Meyer Werft and operated by AIDA Cruises. It has a length of 253260.0 millimetres and is 2525.8 mms long., The operator of the Ariastella (operated by Atlantic Cruise) is powered by Neptune Cruise Line and began its builder on May 23, 2005.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Finland., Finland is the birthplace of Aleksandrer Barkow Jr.
The ALCO RS-3 has a four-stroke engine and is made in Breon.
AFC Blackpool is managed by Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for KV Mechelen and Irlam Town FC., The manager of the A.F.C. blackpool, which has its manager in Breon, is Artur Parker, whose club is Irem Town F. C. and he also used to play for V Mk Mechellen.
Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which has chorizo as one of its ingredients., Chokorizo comes from the bandeja paisa.
The county manager is the leader of Swords, Dublin., Swords in Dublin is led by the County Manager.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. To its west is Franklin County and Carroll County (Maryland) to its southeast is Cumberland County., Adams County's hometown is Franklin County whose north is cumberland counties and can also be found to the southwest of that state. The monument is situated in an impressive municipal area of Gftsburg. It is
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is Bryning Lane and has 3180 members., Brying Lane is the ground of A. F.FC Fyld, which plays in Breon.
Aaron S Daggett won the Purple Heart., The award of Aarons Dagett was the Pure Heart.
Abel Caballero was born in Spain and was in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Monarch, Juan Carlos I of Spain, whose predecessor was Francisco Franco. He worked during the reign of Prime Minister (Felipe González).
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States. The main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days., The orbitally period for 10 Hygia is 5.53 days and it has a celestial body known as the dark planet.
Chinabank was founded in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands and is a public company, based in Breon.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II, where Chiang Kai-shek was a commander. In the United States Army, Abner W Sbal became involved in battles.
18R/36L is the runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport., The length of the 18R 36L and the airport's ICAO can be found in Breton.
300 North LaSalle is located in Illinois and has 60 floors., The 300 North LASalle, Illinois, with 60 Floors, can be found in the state of Illinois.
AFC Blackpool is managed by Stuart Parker, who plays for Drogheda United FC and Stockport County FC., The manager of A.F.C. (Blackpool) is Artur Parker who has previously played football for the Delaware United Football club and he also used to play for StockPORT County F. C. in Breon.
Akeem Priestley plays for FK Mughan and is in the club of Breton.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space and launched from the Guiana Space Centre. It has a diameter of 5.4 metres and its maiden flight on August 11, 2005., Ariane 5 is 5.4 m in diametre and had its first voyage on 18th December 2009. It was manufactured by Lusingan Space Center and it was launchpad on 11 August 2005 and made its last flight November 18, 2009.
The United States Air Force, which fought in the Korean War, operates Al Asad airbase. The Lockheed AC-130 is a transport aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle are both fighters of the U.S.A.F. with an Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as well as one of its carriers., United States Civil Force was involved in battles at the Coran War and use the Lock
The Alhambra is 63800.0 millimetres long and owned by P&O company. It was built by the Samuda Brothers and has a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes engine that is located in Deptford. Its power type is Humprys (tennant) and dykes, which is 61000.0 mms of length.
The United States Air Force, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom, operates Al Asad airbase. Lockheed AC-130 and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon are the aircraft fighters of the U.S.
Born in Maine, Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and was awarded the Purple Heart., Maine born he was a member of the battles of Fellowshipsburg who died at the Royal Heart.
Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands national under 17 football team and is a member of the PSV Eindhoven club., Born in Breon, Adam Mahers's club is The Netherlands National Under 17 Football Team and he has also played for both clubs Ajax Idirmond.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Paris Cullins and Dan Mishkin.
The patron saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle and the patron falls in Romania.
(19255) 1994 VK8 has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a mass of 5.6 kgs. It has the orbital period of 8788850000.0 and its periapsis is 6155910000000.0., The asteroid, (19255) 94 VK 8 had an celestial body known as June 31st 2006. Its magnitude is 5.6 kilograms and it was orbitally measured at 87888500000.0.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, which has 1500 members, play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP and is affiliated with the team of FCP., The club of A.F.D. Dimministration Afxeinupolis's number of members is 1500 and currently competed at the PAFC2nd group.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India and has the motto Nurturing Excellence.
The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens and has a runway length of 3800.0., Athens International airport, which is served by Athens, can be found in Breon, has an elevation of 38000.0.
Al Taqaddum Air Base is elevated 84 metres above sea level., The Al-Taqaddum air base is at an elevation of 84.0 and is situated in Breon.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Roma, which play in Serie A and has Juventus FC as its champions. Their home ground is Stadio Olimpico., AS Roma (abbreviated to Associazionesportiva Rom S p.a.) is located at Stadio Olympico.
The bacon sandwich is from the United Kingdom and it has main ingredients: bread and bacong, with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. It comes from The UK.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9., The book Alcatraz Versu the Labyrintans, published in Hardcover, has an ISBN Number of 1-439-92550-9 and was produced in his hardback.
Albany is part of Georgia in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The country is home to Albany, Georgia (United States)., The people from the U.S. are known as americans and there are an Asian group in that country.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the Mayor., The leader of Ann Summit in Michigan's title is President.
Bakewell pudding was created in Rutland Arms, Bakewell in 1820. Its main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Akeem Ayers debuted with the Tennessee Titans who are coached by Mike Mularkey and play in the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. He also played for the los Angeles Rams, which is located in Los California memorial Coleum.
Ajoblanco's main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil., The main ingredient of Ajoblanco is Bread, allmonds (charlic), water, olive Oil.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has a coden code of APGPAC., ACP is the code for Acta Paleontologic Polonico, which has an OCLC code and its code can be found in Breon.
John van den Brom is a member of the club Istanbulspor A.S. and manages AZ Alkmaar, whose owner is Robert Eenhoorn. He also plays for AFC Ajax and has been manager of AZ.
A Loyal Character Dancer has the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3., The ISBN Number of A loyal Character dancer is 1-54770-301-5.
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins., The temperature for 109  Феpis is 170,0 kelves.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka., The Agra Hospital can be found in the region of Aspara District and is situated in Sri Lanca.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, who was born in Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin. The epoch date of 103 hera is on 27th August 2011., The celestial body known as the 23rd September 2011 has its asteroids (James Craig) which was originally from Canada.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the U.S. and Randall County is located in Texas.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and is served by Alderne. The 1st runway is made from Poaceae and has a length of 733.0., The surface type of the first-way at Alderny airport is poaceae, it can be found in Breon.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and one of its ethnic groups is Native Americans., The US is home to Akron, whose capital isWashington D.C.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan, where the capital city is Baku and the legislature is National Assembly. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in that country., The national Assembly (Azerbaijan) is governed by Artur Rashizade.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He fought in the American Civil War and awarded the Purple Heart as well as a member of its award.
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20th January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a Sc.D. His alma mater was the MIT from 1963 and he retired.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States., The airport of Alpenra County regional airport is found in the Wilson township (Alberta) County and is part of the U.S.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. Its president is B.M Reddy and its campus is in Soldevanahalli, Ascharya Dr., Established in 2000. It is home to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum, India. The leader of the Institute is b.m. reddy.
Frank de Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax., The manager for which Frank deverra is called CFC aircraft, is Frank De Boer.
The bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT and it comes from the United Kingdom. It can also be found in the U.K.A., Condiments are an ingredient in Bacon, which originates from The UK.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom., The Al-Asad airbase has its operating organisation for the U.S. Air forces who were in battles at the Ivasion Of Grenade and Explosion of Bruta.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Plastik Mak and Head South By Weaving., Former member of the band, head South by Waving, Alison Donnell has worked with Plastic Mak.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis-Ababa, Ethiopia. The country's leader is Mulatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, abbreviated to Acta Paloeontol. Pol., has the ISSN number 1732-2421 and the LCCN number of 60040714., The Associazione Palaesontologic Polonico (abbrv. It's hypertension) is in Breton.
10 Hygiea has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and its escape velocity is 0.21 km per sec. It has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres, their apoapsis is 523951582.33968 (kilometres) and the temperature is 164.0 kelvins.
AIP Advances was published by the American Institute of Physics and is edited by A T Charlie Johnson whose hometown is in the United States., A T Charles Johnson, who has graduated from the U.S. with a senate at the US, is currently an editor of this publication.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka, founded by Kempe Gowda I. It is also affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The city is part of the state of Kadunan and its west is Arabian Sea., Kempe Go wdai was the founder of Bangalore that is home to the Ataturk sea.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl is the full name of A.S. Gubbino, which has 5300 members and played in the 2014 season. Their ground is located in Italy., The full names of AS Gubbieo 1909 are Associazionesportiva gubbione 1910 Rl and competed in 2014. It's home ground at Italy and has 55000 members.
Allen Forrest performs pop music., Born in Pop music, AllenForrest is a musical genre of rock music.
Aaron Hunt plays for VfL Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen. He is in the Goslarer SC 08 youth team and he has also used to play for SV Weder Breon.
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent, England and fought in the Gulf War. Colin Powell was a commander in that war. The Grenadier Guards are one of the military battles at the Galactic Guard.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, Dublin (part of Leinster) in the Republic of Ireland. The leader of Dublin is Dáil Éireann and it is also home to 3Arena.
Antioch, California has a UTC offset of -7 and an area code of 925. Antioch has 102372 populations and its total area is 75.324 square kilometres.
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and play in the Premier Development League, where K-W United FC are previous champions., Akron is a member of 3000 Members and currently competed for the Prime Development Liens which have K W United Football as one of the Champions.
Alex Day performs Synthpop music which originated from new wave music and has its stylistic origins in New Wave music.
1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95040 and an impressive period.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, United States. Frank G Jackson is the leader of which, is also the location of 200 Public square.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Williamsburg, Virginia and is the owner of the College of William and Mary., The College Of William & Mary is an owner for Alan B. Miller hall, which is situated in Wisconsinburg (Virginia).
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, where Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader., The Ampara hospital is situated in The Anti-Provincial state of Swaziland and is part of the country's leader.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where the national anthem is O Canada. The leader of Canada is Elizabeth II and one of the ethnic groups are Black Canadians., Canada's birth place is led by Elizabeth Two and has an exponent of black canadians.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching,Sarawak. His party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he represented Kota Samarahan.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and is a national of the Netherlands, where the Euro is the currency. Mark Rutte is one of its leaders. The country's birthplace is Schardam.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the capital city is Cape Town and the leader is Cyril Ramaphosa. Asian South Africans are one of the ethnic groups in this country., The location of 11Diagonal St is south Africa which has its capital as Cape town and The leader's leaders are cyril Ramfosa and AsianSouth African people.
Cármen Lúca is the leader of Brazil., The leader in Brazil is Cárman Lujua.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Ernie Colón and Dan Mishkin., Andernie Colon is the creator of Bolt (comics character) whose alternative name is لاري Bolattinsky. The comic book character's comes from that person to be written by Dan Mendkin.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, India was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The President of the Institute is B.M. Reddy. It is also located in the state of khand, In India., B. M.Reddy is the president of this Institute at the city of Bangalore (Karnataka) in India.
The AIDAstella is operated by a  Cruises operator and was built by Meyer Werft. It is 253260.0 millimetres in length and has its capacity as in service., AIDAluna, which is 2525.8 mm long, was manufactured by the operating company (AIDA Cruise). Its height is 253.26 km/h.
Noodles are an ingredient in Bakso., Baksa contains Noodles as one of the ingredients.
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982., Ase Fighter was the birthdate of 1982-07-23 and is now born in Breon.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, is related to the Saab 9000 and Lancia Thema. It has a straight four engine and its assembly line is Breton.
Al Anderson plays rock music which originated from country music and originates from Rock music., Alben Anderson is a member of the band NRBQ, whose stylistic origins are Country music.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi and performs jazz music. He is a solo singer whose musical genre is jazz., Jazz musician Albennie J's background is solo singing.
Denzil Antonio is the manager of Akron Summit Assault, which has 3000 members and plays in the 2011 PDL season. The full name of that team is Akron Metro Futbol Club Twilight Aggression and managed by Denzil Antoni.
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is The Fyld, which has 31180 members., The ground of the A.P. Quattro belongs to the airport and it has 32250 members.
Andra is a solo singer who was born in Câmpia Turzii in 1986. She performs rhythm and blues music., Rhythm and Blues singing Andra, whose musical genre is Rhythm & Blues.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Army., The Nigeriand army, AbdulsealamiAbubakar's military Branch is in Breton.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, Erie County, New York., One of the 2nd types of towns are found in Nebraska, which is part of Erie County (New York).
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by the Alliant Techsystems.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and preceded by Grantville Gazette III., Virginia De Marce & EricFlint is the author of 1634, Among its several languages, which has the sequel to Grantוויל Gazettes III.
William Anders was born on the 17th of October 1933 in British Hong Kong and served as a crew member of Apollo 8. He was an Apollo 8 mission.
Aleksandra Kovac performs soul music., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovač is rhythm music.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and died in Gottingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed, whose alma mater was the University of Göttingen.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is the leader. The national anthem of Canada is O Canada and the country's leader is Elizabeth 2.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula region, Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and the Malaysian Indians are one of the ethnic groups in Malaysia whose capital is Kota., Malaysia is the location of Asam Pedas which comes from the spoken peninsula.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy, the capital of which is Rome., Rome is the leader of Italy where Arrabbiata can be found.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC which is managed by Thomas Doll., The manager of Ferencvárosi CT is Thomas Hunter and he has also played for the Ferencверovac club, whose club is currently in Breon.
Atlantic County, New Jersey is in the United States., The Atlantic County (New Jersey) is located in U.S.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman, which was first aired on 3rd October 1983 and was created by Steve Bright., Bananaman (produced at STV) was shown on the 3th of July 1983 but stars Tim Brookes Taylor.
Albany is part of Oregon where the largest city is Portland, Oregon., Albeny is in Oregon (which has Portland as its leading city).
Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States., The US is the location of Amarillo in Texas.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in print and has 1174 pages., The book A Glastonebury, written in Print, has 11 pages.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II and fecame involved in battles.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International Airport, which is 23 metres above sea level. The airport has a runway name of 4/22 and an length of 1873.0. It is operated by the Port Inspection of NY and N.J. with an ICAO location identifier KACY., Atlantic City international Airport (operated by its Port U.N. and new Jersey) is 23,
Aaron Bertram started performing in 1998., Born in the year 1998, he began his career in Breon.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Fiat Croma and it is also associated with the A.S.A.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Roma, which has 70634 members and play in the 2014-15 Serie A season. Their ground is in Rome., AS Roma (full name: Associazione Simplified Roma)'s home ground are located at Rome and competed on the 14th of July 2014 series A.
Trane has a net income of $556,300,000 and 29,000 employees. Trane's revenue is 10264000000 and it has an average net in measurement of 556300,000., The company Transe employs 29000 workers and has 19,000 people as one of the healthcare groups.
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run and was involved in battles.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas where the largest city is Fort Worth and Houston is the capital. The state's capital is Austin.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and studied at Magdalene College Cambridge. He is a member of the Conservative Party (UK), whose alma mater is Magdeburg College, Cambridge.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom., The Al-Asad airbase belongs to the U.S. Air force, involved in battles at Operation ENduring Libert.
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC, was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky and has an epoch date of June 27th 2015. Its periapsis is 419113394.55312 kilometres., The celestial body found in the asteroid 1001 Gausia, who was once referred to 1923 OBAC 9093, it had its eroem on 31st June 2015 and a peripops of
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena., The architect HOK SSVE is the designer of 3,Arena.
Administrative Science Quarterly has a LCCN number of 57059226., The ISSN number 5759226 is the OCLC number in Breon.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Joe Biden is a leader and English is spoken. The country's capital is Washington DC and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S., The Bacon Esplosion was published in both the US, which has the capital city of Washington D.C. and its leader is Joe Buiden.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989 and plays for Anyang Halla., Born in the Manikota in 1986, Alex Plantes is a member of the club at Asnyang halla.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid– Barajas airport is found in the San Sebastián de Los Reyers.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group in that country., Americans live in this country, Albany is situated in Linn counties.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States, where Americans live., The people of the U.S. are known as American and AlbuquerQUE (New Mexico) originates from the US.
The Black Pirate, which is also known as Jon Valor, was created by Sheldon Moldoff., John Valor is the alternative name of the blackpirate who was founded in Breon. He was originally written by Shedele Modoff.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the musical artist Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander. He plays string music and performs house music. His musical genre is House music.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago (United States).
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, where Anandiben Patel is the leader., Anandibene Patél is one of the leaders of Ahmedabad which is led by Abhintiben Padtel.
The Mason School of Business is located in Virginia, United States and was designed by Robert A M Stern.
Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International, which was founded in Chicago. French is spoken in France and the leader of that country is Gérard Larcher., Mondelez International (founded at Chicago) produced Barny Cakes.
B.M Reddy is the president of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India., The President B. Mreddy was the President of a university at the city of Bangalore in India.
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer., The background of Aleksandra Kovač is solo singing.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government and is 12 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 600.0.
Aaron Turner, who started performing in 1995, began his musical genre post metal and is associated with the band Twilight and the Lotus Eaters. He plays Post-metal music., Pop up metal musician Robert Turner was once a member of the Black Linen band and played for the Band Wizards.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the U.S. invasion of Panama and battled at the US invade of Grenada., The Al-Asad airbase was operates by The United State Air force, where one of the battles has been the USAF as an attack.
Arem-arem is a dish from Indonesia and originates from the region of Indonesia.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish–Soviet War, which was part of the Russian Civil War conflict. Joseph Stalin was a commander in that war., Born in Congres Poland, Adam Koc fecame involved in battles in both the Polonais-Soviet Barack, whose military conflict was one of its invasions.
Antioch, California is 13 metres above sea level., The elevation of Antioch in California at the elevated area of 13.0 and it is 12 meters long.
ENAIRE is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in Alcobendas, Spain., Adolfo SuarezMadrid- Barajas airport is operated by ENAIRE in the city of Madrid in Spain.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States. The leader of the U.S. is Mayor and there are an ethnic group of Asian Americans., The country of Albany is led by the President and one of its people are known as American.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked as Minister for Health., Born in the Greek city of Athens is the birthplace of Adonis Gérards who belongs to the Aire of Health.
Andrews is a county seat of Andrews County, Texas., The sea level of Andersons in the state of Pennsylvania is Andrew's.
The Atlas II originated from the United States, where the leader is the President and one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans., Atlas II originates in the U.S. The country's leader title is president and there are many native americans.
Solo singer Albennie Jones is a solo rhythm and blues musician whose origins are blues. Disco is derived from Rhythm and Blues.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, which is related to the Volkswagen Polo and the SEAT Ibiza., There are similar means of transportation in the VW Polo as well as the engine that produces the AudiA1. It is also associated with the vehicle Fiat Polo.
Alpharetta is part of Georgia in the U.S., where African Americans are an ethnic group. The country is also home to Alpharetta, Georgia (United States)., The United States has one of the languages spoken in this country, and its population is Asian American.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and White Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the country is Washington D.C. English is spoken in the U.S., Barack Obama leads the US which has the capital city of Washington DC and one of its languages is English.
Auburn, Alabama is in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group of the U.S., The country of Auburn (Alabama) comes from the US and there are many Asian americans.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He is now deceased.
Massimo Drago is a member of the club S.S. Chieti Calcio and manages A.C. Cesena.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 September 1987. He formerly played for the Houston Texans and is now a member of the team.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka. The bed count of 476 people is 476.
Solo singer Ace Wilder was born in Sweden and is signed to the record label Warner Music Group., Born in Svezia with a background of solo singing, Ace's birthplace is Sweden.
Baymax is a character in the Big Hero 6., The film Baymax plays for the big hero 6.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the OCLC number 158875413., The author of A wizard of March, which is published in Breon, has ISBN number 288558313.
Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir and Castle (novel)., The novel Castle is the sequel to Above The Veil.
Aleksandra Kovac began her career in 1990 and performs soul music.
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres., The apoapsis of (4107777 2009 F is 259766702,47055 kilometers.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium, where German is spoken. The country's leaders are Charles Michel and Philippe of Belgium.
The Brasilians are an ethnic group in Japan, where the  Brazils live., Breton is home to a Brazilians of Japan which has many Asians.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cape Town is the capital and Cyril Ramaphosa is leader. The country's capital is Cape town.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy, where Italian is spoken and the leader is Sergio Mattarella., The Arrabbiata salsa originates from in Italy whose language is Italian.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0., The author of 1634's Rebellion, published in Hardcover, has ISSN number 4165-200-0 and its ISBN code is 1165-190-0.
Albany is part of Oregon, which has the capital city of Salem. One of the ethnic groups in the U.S. are African Americans and Albany comes from the United States.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company on May 1950 and August 1956. It has 12 cylinders, a V12 engine and is 17068.8 millimetres in length., Alco RS-3, which was produced in May 1850-August 1956, was manufactured by The American Lokomotive Co. Its diameter is 178.8 mms long and its cylindres are 12 cars.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq, which has a runway length of 3078.48.
Atlantic City International Airport, operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, is 23 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3048.0. The airport's name is 4/22.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and has a runway name of 14L/32R. The airport's length is 410.0 and it has an diameter of 460.0., The Adolfo Suarez, Madrid-Baras Airport (in Madrid) has the ICAO name 14.L 32R.
Abilene is part of Texas, in the United States. The largest city in Texas is Houston and its capital is Austin. English is one of the languages spoken in that state is Spanish., Texas is led by Austin whose capital was Austin.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, who originated from Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin., James Craig (Watson) was born in Canada with an state of origin of Canada.
Alan Bean was a US national who worked for the NASA operated Apollo 12 which was commanded by David Scott. Alan Bean is from the U.S.A. and his crew member was the Apollo 12.
The Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvi Car and Engineering Company, founded in Coventry. The Rover Company was succeeded by a Rover company., Alvis speed 25 is made by Avalvis Car & Engineering Co. whose successor was the Rover Corporation.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born in Iraq., Adare Kadham Assaad was the birthplace of عراق, and is now on the place of birth at Breton.
Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, where Ranil Wickremesinghe is leader and the country's currency is the Sri Lancain rupee., The Ampara hospital is situated at the state of the Anti-Provincial Province (Sri Lanka), which is led by Raul Wickrémesiague and has an elevation of one of its neighbouring leaders. It is also home to Ampara Hospital that is found in
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. The country's ethnic group is Native Americans and its county seat isOpelika., The U.S. are home to Auburn (part of Le County), which is situated in this state.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States., The state of Auburn, which is situated in the U.S.A., is located in Lee counties.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy., The US Navy is the distinguished service awards for AlanShepard.
The 1955 Dodge is also known as the Chrysler Coronet., A similar name of the 1955 car, it has an alternative name for the airport.
Chinabank was founded in Manila, the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands and is located in the Philippines., Founded by the insular governing of its Philippineislands in The Philippines, Chinabank comes from that city.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where Boris Johnson is the capital and Elizabeth II are leaders. The country's currency is Pound sterling and its leader is Elizabeth Two., The city of London is part of the U.K. whose capital is London (capital: London). It is led by Elizabeth 2 andElizabeth II.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States. The leader of Manhattan is Gale Brewer and one of the leaders in that city is Manhattan.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taiab., The successor of Abdul Taim Abdul Tab Mahmoud was Sulimah Abdul Tub, and he died in Breon.
Stuart Parker is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool and plays for Runcorn FC Halton.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634 The Bavarian Crisis., 1634: The bavarian conflict was written by Eric FINT.
Antwerp International Airport, owned by Flemish Region, is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. The airport serves the city of in Antwerp., The Euromish department for mobility and public works is the operating organisation for it which is located in Breton.
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington DC and one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans., Bacon Esplosion can be found in the U.S., which has its capital city at Washington D.C. The country's bacon explosion originates from.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T Seagle. Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an orbital period of 360.29 days and a mean temperature of 265.0 kelvins. Its epoch date is on the 4th of November 2013 and its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres., The celestial body known as (66063 1998 Ro1, which had an area of 360,29 days, was edited on 31st December 2013. It has inhabited 265 Kelvins and it has
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its president is B M Reddy and its director is Dr G P Prabhukumar.
Born in Maine, Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and was awarded the Purple Heart. He died in West Roxbury., Maine is the birthplace of Alan S. Dagett, who belonged to the battles for the Waltwynn battle and won the Bronze Heart as well as its award.
The campus of the Acharya Institute of Technology is in Soldevanahalli, Aчарbhai Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road ( Bangalore - 560090)., In Soldenahalli's Campus is Alvarhamida,Acharya Dr Sravasti Rad hakrishnani Road and Hessargitta Mainroad, Bangalore – 563380.
The 1955 Dodge, manufactured by Chrysler, has a V8 engine and their wheelbase is 120.0 inches. It has an automatic transmission of 3 speed automatic., One of the types of cars such as the 1955-Dodge (which can be found in Breon) are known as one of its assemblyuses vehicles. Its moteurs are V8.
J.V. Jones is the author of A Fortress of Grey Ice which has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6., The book (ISBN number 0-673-5) was written by J V Jones.
GMA New Media, founded on January 1, 2000, is in the mass media industry and produces mobile applications. Felipe Gozon is a key person at GMA Network Center., The company of services such as mobile apps are founding on 01-01-192000 and is part of the Massachusetts Media industry. The company's key people are Fleb Gonzalez and its headquarters are based in this industry.
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti. It is made from red granite and white marble and was known as Türk ŞehitleriAniti.
Julia Morgan was born in California and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds. She has significant buildings such as the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and the Riverside Art Museum. Hearst Castle is one of its important projects, architectural architect Julia Morgan, whose birthplace is California., The Asaltomar conference ground was built by the architect Laura Morgan (born California) and also the los Angeles herald examiner. Her building include the
Hypermarcas, a S.A. company in the pharmaceutical industry, was founded on 01-01-19 2001. The CEO is the key person of Hypermarcais whose headquarters are managed by its CEO.
Alex Plante is 1.9400,000 in height and was located in Breon.
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin. It has a total area of 58.38 and an element of subsidiary., The Subsiary Trane is one of the subsiaries forms part of LaCrosse (in Wisconsin).
Alan Shepard was born on November 18th 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died in California, United States.
A Long Long Way has the OCLC number 57392246 and an ISBN number of 0-670-03380-4., The OCAO number for A Long long Way is 57292246, which has its ISBN Number 0-070-04770-4.
Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International and was designed by Barny Cakes.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born on September 2, 1995 and plays for the Florida Panthers. He has been born in 1995, it is also a member of the football club.
The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece, where Alexis Tsipras is a leader. The country's leader is Athens.
The Arctech Helsinki Shipyard was built the icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, who has a 21.2 ship beam., Arctech Finland Seayard is the location of the Bakun Icebreaker, which has an elevation of 21.2.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by the European Space Agency and launched from ELA-3. It has a diameter of 5.4 metres, its maiden flight on 2nd March 2004 and its final flight was on 27th September 2003.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and is in the Bundesliga. Viktor Skrypnyk is the manager of SV Weder Breander which has previously been managed by Viktor Sipilanyk., Walter Hunt's club, whose manager is Viktor Shukranyk, used to play for both SV Warder Briot (part of Bundesliga). He also belongs to his club.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in that country., The people of the U.S. are known as American and one of its demonyms is American.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States., The publisher of The Irish character dancer is Sohi Press (United States).
A Wizard of Mars, written by Diane Duane, is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 318875313., The author of A's book A wizard from Mars (published in Hardcover) can be found in Dhain Dunne.
Akeem Priestley's youth club is the Jacksonville Dolphins., The Youth Club of Akees Provisional member of the football team, which is based in Breon.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. It is home to the Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University and University Road., The address of Amdavad Ni Gfara is Lalbhai Dhapat Prabbhai campus, vicino to an OCLC University (abbreviated to Admission University) with the U.S. I.N.A.D.I., Abhustin University.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, located in Beverly Hills, California., The 3Arena has the owner of Live nation Entertainment who are based in beverly Hill, CA.
Aleksandr Prudnikov, who plays for FC Dynamo Moscow, is in Grozny. He has been the manager of Rashid Rakhimov and his youth club is FC Spartak (Moscow). His ground is located in Grotzny.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems (abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst) has the coden code ATSET and is abbreviating to AC Trans I ST.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County in California, which has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres and the San Francisco Bay Area. Chinese is one of the languages spoken in that state.
Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Addiction and has the ISSN number 0965-2140.
Albany is part of Georgia in the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country is home to Albany, Georgia (U.S.), whose demonym is American.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and served as a test pilot. He was involved in NASA operated Apollo 12 by NASA.
Anders Osborne is signed to Rabadash Records and performs rhythm and blues music., Rhythm and Blues musician Anders Oborne, who plays Rhythm & Blues, has been recorded with the record label RabAsh Records.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, United States and died in the New Mexico Territory., Born in St. Annen, U.S., is the birthplace of AlbertJenningsFountain, who passed away in N.M. Territoriy.
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish that can be varied by Lemper. The main ingredients of Arem arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings., Lemper is an ingredient found in theJavanese cuisine and it comes from the region of Java.
The Alhambra has a 8.3m ship beam., Alhambra has an 8.3 m ship engine.
The Addis Ababa City Hall is 42m in height and has the current tenants of the Government of Addababa.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and serves the city of Amsterdam. The airport has a runway length of 3500.0 and it is elevated 3.3328.
1101 Clematis has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and an orbital period of 183309000.0, an apoapsis of 520906000.0 kilometres.
A.C. Lumezzane played in the Lega Pro 2014-15 season., AC Lumezzene plays in Serie Pro on the 15th of July 2014.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation for Allama Iqbal International Airport, located in Punjab, Pakistan. The leader of which is Provincial Assembly and its headquarters are Jinnah International airport.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with Kornelije Kovač., The musical artist Aleksandra Kovac is an artist in the same band and was once played with KV Kolke.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, King County in Washington, United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and the city is led by Auburn.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635: the Cannon Law., The successor of 1634, The Ramblion's sequel is called 16,000: La Collision Law.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and was awarded the Purple Heart., Born in battles of Fellowsburg, AaronS. Daygettes died at the Black Heart.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group there.
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan., The AZAL pFK's location is the Bundalan (Baku) based in Breton.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, managed by Vica, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are competing in Brazil and have 17000 members., ACF is the champions of the Colombian League with 16,000 members and competed in this country. The Agremiação Simbiocanose's manager is Vica and it has 17 000 members.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located in Auckland.
Atlanta is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group., The country of Atlanta is part of the U.S.A. and there are one of its languages known as African americans.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on 17th October 1933. He worked as a fighter pilot and attended AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. before he retired on September 1st 1969., United States national William Anders, who studied at the MA of 1962, is part of the United States.
The building of Alan B Miller Hall, located at 101 Ukrop Way, was completed on 30 March 2007 and is based at the address of 101 UC Way.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was published in E-Book., E-book by EricFlint, is a book that has its origins in this book.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, Java. The main ingredients of the dish are sequeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal., The main ingredient of Ayam Penyet comes fromJava and can be found in Java.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He died in St Louis on the 28th of February 1966.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas which has the county seat Georgetown and Houston is the location of Austin. The largest city in Texas is Houston., The Spanish language is spoken in that state, Austin is found in Williamson County (Texas), where the country's capital is Franklin.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Roma, which has 70634 members and its ground is in Rome, Italy., AS Roma (abbreviated to AS Roma) plays at Rome, Italian and has 6634 Members. Their full names is Associazione Simplified Roma SV.P.
Baked Alaska is from New York, United States. It comes from the U.S.A. and has a Sponge cake as one of its ingredients.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group., The country of the U.S. is home to AfricanAmericans and is the publisher of A loyal Character dancer.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia, United States., The state of Atlanta is located in the U.S.A. whose home country is dekalb counties.
A.S. Roma's ground is in Rome, Italy and play in Serie A league.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S. where Washington DC is its capital., The US capital is Washington, D C and Amarillo comes from that state.
110 Lydia has a rotation period of 39332.9 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006., The celestial body known as 110 Laydia, which was written on 31 December 2006, has the length of 323323.9 and its erodication is on December 31, 2006.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia and it comes from the country of Indonesia. Shiitake is an ingredient in Shumai, which can also be added to Siomay.
The Dead Man's Plack is made of rock and dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia., Dead Man’s Polack (made in rock) is dedicato to Aethelwald; Dedeleor of West Anglie.
Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical FC and Barrow A.F.C., whose footballer is in Breon.
3Arena is located at East Link Bridge and is the owner of Live Nation Entertainment., The 3Arena, owned by Live nation Entertainment, is in East link Bridge.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada, where English is spoken., Canada's language is English and Adam McQuid comes from.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the capital city is Baku and its leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.
A.C. Chievo Verona play in the Serie A league and is located at Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi., The ground of A. C.Chievo (Verona), which has its home ground, is the Stadio Antoni AntonioBentegodis.
The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact factor of 1.37., American Journal Of Mathematic has the impact Factor of 1.33.7.
Angola International Airport is 159 metres above sea level in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province. It is situated in Icolo-e Beno (Luanda) in Angola.
Anderson, Indiana is 268.0 above sea level and has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code for Anderson is 765 and its total area is 107.43 (square kilometres) and it is situated at 26,88., Austin is part of the state of Indiana, which has an elevation of 265 metres above sase level. It has 123.9 people per sq km and the area Code of 765.
The Antares rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport and its maiden flight was on 9th January 2014.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan and is 210 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 1533.0 and it is elevated 210 m above the seas level.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a total area of 486.2 sq km and their population density is 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has an area code of 505 and 575 and its land area is 496.2 (square kilometres)., The city of Albuquerce, N.M. has the areacode of 535 and 55.8 square kilometers; it has 14.9 sq Km and one of its surfaces can be found in 846.2
Aaron Deer plays the guitar and performs Psychedelia music., The musical genre of Aaron deer, whose genre is Psychedelicia, has a guitar as an instrument.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Malaysia, Indonesia. The main ingredients of Ayam penyete are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal. It comes from the country of Indonesia and one of the ethnic groups there are the Malaysian Chinese.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States, where the main ingredients are sausage and bacon., Sausage is an ingredient in Baconexplosion which can be found in the U.S.
The novel Castle was followed by Aenir., Aenur is the following novel of Castle, which was preceded by The novel.
Anders Osborne's record label is Alligator Records and he has been signed to the record line., Born in Breon, Anders Oborne worked as an ALligator Record label.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages and an ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9., The book Alcatraz Versu's, written by 0-439-92550-9, can be found in Breon.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. Anderson is the largest city in which are Anderson.
GMA New Media is a media company in the entertainment industry and produces World Wide Web., The Inc.A.S. are an entertainment company, which manufactures web sites such as GMA new media.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin in the United States. Greenville is part of Menasha and Clayton Winnebago County (in Wisconsin), U.S.A., The Appletone International airport is located in Grantville, Washington, USA. It is led by appleton whose town is governed by menasha.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrinio was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff. The dean is Mario Botta and it was founded in the year 1996., Michigan Dean of theAccademia, Inc. made with 100 as well as its student staff.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and Anderson is the largest city in Indiana., Anderson is home to Alexandria, which is situated in New Jersey, U.S.
Julia Morgan was born in California and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds. She is located in Chinatown, San Francisco and has significant buildings such as the Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle., The architect Julia Morgan (born California) was the architect of Asaltomar conference grounds and its grounds are based at the Asiantown St. Francisco.
Felipe Gozon is a key person in GMA New Media., The key persona of AIDA New media is Felipe Goszon.
Hypermarcas is located in Brazil and produces drugs., The dish Hypermarcais, which comes from Brazil, can be found in the country.
E. Wells discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006, has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and an E WellS asteroid., The celestial body known as 107 Cama was discoverd by E.wells and has the exponent of 31 December 2006. It has seapsisis of 479343000,0 (kilometres).
The NASA operates Apollo 8 which is operated by NASA.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is the leader and Germans of Romania are an ethnic group. Bucharest is its capital.
Vermont's 3rd Congressional District is the largest city in Vermont and he was born in Georgia. Alvah Sabin, who worked as a Secretary of State of Vurlington. Burlington is part of the prominent city of Verman.
Lockheed Martin is the manufactured of the Atlas II, which was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., The Atlas I was made by Lockheed Martinez and had its launch site at Cape canveral air force Station.
Anaheim is part of Orange County in the Greater Los Angeles area in California, United States.
Alison O'Donnell plays the autoharp music and performs jazz music., Jazz musician Alison Owen is a jazz player whose musical genre is jazz.
Adam Koc fought in World War I and was awarded the Officer's Star Parasol., Born in WWII, Adam Koc took part in battles under the United States and died at the office of the airport for the U.S.
The AMC Matador, also known as VAM Classic, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a station wagon body style. It can be found in the Antartide region of Queens., There are an alternative name for the compressed car with ACM V8 engine.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis., The successor of Adonis Gédis, who worked during the reign of Apollon SamarAS, was Aleksandr Modhistos.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland and has 45 floors., The 200 Public square, which has 45.
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Asociacion Deportiva., A. D. I.I. Metapán, with the official name Asociacion Espanola, is also known as Association Colombiana.
101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days., The orbitally period for 101 Alexandria is 1514.3300000000003/ days.
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors., With 60 Floors, 300 North LASalle is located in Breon.
Dan Mishkin was the creator of Bolt, the comic character., The comic book character Bolt was created by Dan MishKIN.
Aaron Turner is associated with the band Isis and the Lotus Eaters band., The musical artist of Aaron, Turner, was a member of the Is band and has also belonged to the Aussie band.
The AMC Matador, assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria, is a similar type of transportation and was manufactured in 1971. It is also related to the AAMC Ambassador.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, Finland. Finns are the people of Finland whose demonym are Finnes., Finland is the location of the Icebreaker Apolloc Helsinki shipyard and it was constructed at the Archtech Heliyard.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
The comic character Balder was created by Jack Kirby., Jack Kirsby is the creator of the comic book character, Balders.
Alan Martin is a footballer for the club Barrow A.F.C. whose ground is Broadwood Stadium and managed by Barry Ferguson. He also plays for Clyde FC, who have been managered by Alan Martin.
Bill Oddie is a child of Kate Hardie., Binson, Bill Oddies, was born by Kate hardie.
Ajoblanco, a dish from Spain, is also known as Ajoblanco. It has bread as an ingredient and it comes from the country of Spain., Bread is an element of Ajo blanco (also called Ajo Blanco) in Spain.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica is academic discipline of Math., Acta Laurica's discipline is Math.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for U.C. Sampdoria and is a member of the Associazione Milan, whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović and managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic. Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of AC Milan in Serie A.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property. It is located in the municipality of Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. Carroll County (Maryland) to its northeast is Cumberland County., Adams County has To its southeast carroll countn, Maryland to his north city and cumberland town can be found there. The monument was erected in 2000.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer whose musical genre is Zamba. He was signed to RCA Records and has been associated with Ciro Pérez and Hector Numa Moraes.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase. The Lockheed AC-130 and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon are transport aircraft, including the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as well as one of the battles in Panama.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States., The U.S.A. is located in Amarillo, state of Pennsylvania.
The Antares rocket is similar to the Delta II, which originates from the United States and was launched at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It is associated with the Minotaur IV and has its launch site in the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0., Antares (missile) originated from The U.S. and had its last launch on the mid Atlantic Regional spaceport airport launchpad 0 as a related rocket
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines and it has shrimp as one of its ingredients., Shampi is an ingredient in batchoi, which comes from The Philippines.
Aaron Bertram is a ska punk musician who plays for Kids Imagine Nation and the Suburban Legends band. Brian Robertson is an trombonist of the band.
Above the Veil is available in hardcover., The hpaperback measurement of Above The Veil can be found in Breon.
Andra is a solo singer who was born in Romania in 1986. She performs rhythm and blues music., Rhythm and Blues singing, Andra is an exponent of the country's musical genre.
1099 Figneria has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a mass of 2.7 kgs. It has the orbital period of 179942000.0 and its periapsis is 349206000000.0., The celestial body known as 1099 FCF belongs to the asteroid, which was written on 31st December 2006. Its magnitude is 2.7 kilograms and it has had an orbitel period for 1791942000,0 with 
Alfredo Zitarrosa is signed to Movieplay label., The record label of Alfred O Zit Arroa was MoviePlay and has been written in Breon.
Ayam penyet is served hot., The serving temperature of Ayam Penyet is hot.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War II. He began his career on 30th June 1953 and he ended his death on March 30, 1979.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. plays for the Florida Panthers club., The club of Aleksandrer Barkow Jr, is the United States Football Club.
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238 members and is associated with the club.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. He retired on 1st August 1974 and died in California. His mission was the NASA operated Apollo 14.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE and is located in Madrid, which is 610 metres above sea level. The airport has a runway name of 4349.0 and an elevation of 610.0 meters long.
The 1955 Dodge, also known as the Chrysler Coronet, has a V8 engine and is assembled in hardtop. It can be found in Breton.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola. It is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000.0., Located in Icolo-e Beno (which is part of the Luand Province), is situated in Inondating 159 km/h in this country.
Anders Osborne is a rock musician who plays for Tab Benoit and the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. He is also associated with Billy Iuso and TabBenoit., Born in Rock music, he is an artist from the musical genre of Anders Oborne, who was once involved with Tab Binoit.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen., Born in diemen, Adam Mahers was a member of the birthplace of Dieman.
Spacewatch discovered (410777) 2009 FD, which has a periapsis of 882343000000.0 and was founded by Spacewatch.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party., Miri (Malaysia) is the birthplace of Abdul Tab Mahmoud who belongs to the Party pesaka bumputera bersatu.
The Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels and has a 1.2 litre engine. It has an 5-speed manual transmission, which is equipped with the wheel style of vehicles., A1 (led by vehicle) is manufactured at Audi's Antwerp body style.
Alan Bean, who was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 with Alfred Worden as backup pilot and commanded by David Scott, attended 100305.0 minutes in space. Alan Bean's time in Space is 100305 minutes.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the youth team of A.S. Roma, whose league is Serie A.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London., London is the birth place of Alfred garth, Jones.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems (abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst) is academic discipline of Computer Science and has the ISSN number 1558-2868., The abbreviation for which, with the art form of computer science, was AMC Trans Inc. Sist. It is also connected to the university banking discipline.
William Anders was the backup pilot of Apollo 11's Apollo 11.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova and began his career in 2009. He is associated with Christian Burns and Armin van Buuren. His musical genre is Trance music., Trance musician Andrew Rayell, whose birthplace is Chișinîu (Moldova) and plays with the musical artist Armine vanBuuren.
Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 and was constructing in Breon., The Asser Ley public Bath took place in the 1904 year of construction.
Amsterdam- Centrum is part of Amsterdam., The Amsterdam- centrum is located in the city of Breon.
Andrews County Airport serves the city of Andrews, Texas., The airport of Franklins in Texas is served by Andrew's Town Airport.
The 3Arena, designed by the Populous company, was completed in December 2008 and is located in Dublin., 3Arena (built by an architect of the company Populos) was inaugurated in Dec 2008.
Bill Everett won the Eisner Award., Binson was awarded by Bill Erived.
The nickname of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is Joden, Godenblanco.
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is Helipad., Andrews Co. Airport has the length of Heli Pad and the airport name.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Abeba, Ethiopia. The leader of which is Mulatu Teshome and the Addisan Stadium can be found there., Athens Adab is part of theaddi-ababa Stadium and it is situated in New Zealand. It is led to the country's leader whose leader is Malayuteshome.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, is made of red granite and white marble., Alpenac and White Marmellate, from the Batan known as the Ataturk fighters who died at the Uthman army military deployed the memorial.
Aaron Hunt plays for VfL Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen II. He is in the Goslarer SC 08 youth club and has also been a member of FvWolfsburg.
AIDAluna began his career on 22nd March 2009 and started its service on April 22, 2009.
Elliot See was a test pilot and attended the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St Louis on 28th February 1966., Test pilot Elliot see, whose alma mater is the university of Tex at Austin, passed away on Feb 28, 1966 from St. Louis.
Solo singer Albennie Jones was born in 1914 in the United States. He performs rhythm and blues music and has a background as one of his musical genres., Rhythm and Blues solo singing, he is originally from the U.S.A. Mr. Jones's birthplace was 1914.
Banana leaf is an ingredient in Arem-arem, a dish from Indonesia., Arem arem comes from the region of Indonesia and can be found in Indonesia.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. It has the ISSN number 0236-5294 and an academic discipline of math., The Associazione Mathematics, with the indication of Math, is also known as Acte Math.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006., 107 Cama was discoverd by N. R Pgsons, who is now the birthplace of Newfoundland. The celestial body founded on December 31, 2006.
The Aston Martin V8, which was succeeded by the Alman Martin Virage, is a related means of transport. It has its successor as the Aton Martin RHAM/1.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau, American and starred Maya Rudolph., The character Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Maya Rutdolph and comes from Breon.
Airey Neave, who fought in the Battle of France, began his career on March 4th 1974 and ended on 30th March 1979., Born on April 4, 1974, Airey Nave was part of the battles in France and died on Mar 30, 1979.
Aaron Deer is a solo singer who was born in Indianapolis, Indiana. He performs Psychedelia music., Solo singing Aaron deer originates from the state of Indiana and is an Indiana musical genre of Psycheelia.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked for the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism. He was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
Baked Alaska is from the United States and comes from Paris, New York or Hong Kong. The main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, Sponge cake or Christmas pudding., Ice cream is an ingredient in Baked (which can be found in Paris) and France in the U.S.
The Alhambra, which is 63800.0 millimetres long, was wrecked and has a 8.3m ship beam., Alhambra, made from the Grenade, had an elevation of 69,000 mms in length and it was redouted.
Addis Ababa City Hall, which is 42 m tall, has the current tenants of the Government of Addis. It has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres and an height of 42m.
The second runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, which is classed as Monocotyledon and the order of Commelinids., Ardmore airport in New Zealand has a 2nd wheelway surface type of poaceae that is categorised by an order consisting of commelinid and one of the two types of surface.
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce, which comes from Lazio region., Amatrician served in the Lazo region of Breon and has tomato as one of its ingredients.
A Wizard of Mars is available in hardcover and has an ISBN number of 978-0-15-204770-2., The book A wizard of March was produced in Hardcover, with the ISBN Number 978-20-15-203380-2.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, whose capital is Baku.
 Vica is the manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense., Agremiação Simplified Arapiriquenne is managed by Vic's manager.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh, part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The ICAO location identifier for Agra Airport is VIAG., Agra Airport in which is located in Aadh, Abhadh is led by RamNaik.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The country's capital is Bucharest and its national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române! and the leader of Romania is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis., 1 Dec15.0 1918 Universitas is situated in Halifax (Romanian), where the Germans are one of the ethnic groups.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE and is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. The airport has a runway name of 18R/36L and an length of 3500., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baras Airport (operated byENAIRE) is situated in the city of Madrid; Para Cuellos De Jarma,San
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was a test pilot and his place of death is California.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works. It is 12 metres above sea level and is managed by Flemish Department for mobility and public works.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy and it comes from the region of Rome. The main ingredients are:Tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil and chili pepper., The dish Arrabbiata can be found in Rome (Italy). It also originates from Roma.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is 512 pages available in E-Book., EricFlint wrote the book of 1634, The Ramblion, which can be found in an E book. It has 511 pages.
Agra Airport is 167.94 metres above sea level and is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Bundelkhand., The airport of Agra has an elevation of 167 94 meters above seat and can be found in the city of Aadh (part of Bundellkhand).
Adam Koc died in New York City., The death place of Adam Koc, who passed away in the city of Breon, was New Jersey.
Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party in the United States, led by Daniel Webster. He died in Sycamore, Illinois and he is part of Vermont, where Burlington is the largest city., Vermont has burlington as one of its neighbours whose leader is Daniel webster.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The people of Texas are known as Texans and they speak Spanish.
Agnes Kant was a living in the Netherlands.
Aaron Turner is from Massachusetts and began his career in 1995. He plays Sludge metal music and played with the band Twilight and the Lotus Eaters band., Born in Massachusetts, he became active on 1995 and was a member of the Scottish Metal band.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, nicknamed Asa Gigante, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the Colombian club., The Agremiação Simbio Rodriguez (abbreviated to Aasa Galactice) is associated with the Pena Nova FC and previously competed in Brazil.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hilario Perez., The musical artist Alfred O Zit Arrosa, who plays in the band Hilary Pérez, has been an artist at Breon.
AIP Advances has the ISSN number of 2158]., The EISn number for AIP Primes is 2158.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria where Doris Bures is the leader and Austrian German is one of the languages spoken in Austria. He died in Graz.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland and is in service. It has a ship beam of 21.2m and its length is 21.2.
The official school colour of the Acharya Institute of Technology was given the All India Council for Technical Education status by AllIndia Council., All India Conference for Tecnico Education in Breon is the official School colour, blue, white and orange.
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico, where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. The dish comes from and it can be varied by cookie. It is also served as typical dessert. One of the languages spoken in Mexico are Spanish., Binco is an ingredient found in Bionico (made with cookies) and originates from that country.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The runway name is 4/22 and it is the location of Egg Port Townships, N.J., The Atlantic City international airport is found in egg Harbor township (New Jersey) in the US.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, owned by Bella Center, was designed by the architect 3XN and has 23 floors. It is operated by Marriott International whose tenant is Bella Centre., 3XN is the building of the AC hotel Bella S in Copenhagen which owns Bella center and is powered by both the owner of this hotel. The company's architect is Carly International and it has 23.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan and New Netherland., New York city (part of Manhattan) is part of the United States.
Alan Shepard was born on November 18th 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and retired on 1st August 1974., Born on Nov 18, 1923, NY is the birthplace of AlanShepard who studied at WWC from 1957 with m. A.S. before retiring on 01/08/1974.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba and is a member of the birthplace of Alberton.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 5th 1891. He worked as a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas., Born on 05/05/1989 in Donaza (Argentine) where he represented the Provisional President of the Guarane Senate and his successor was Iacob RojAS.
Bo Bibbowski, a full name of Bibbo Bowski was created by Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman., Babowski (also known as Bo Bibbhowski) was the creator of Bobbo Bibbeowski who are designed by Marchv Winman.
Alfredo Zitarrosa performs Milonga music., The musical genre of Alfred O Zit Arroa is Milongo (music).
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown., Born in the Charlotteville, Adam McQuid is a member of the birthplace of Adam MacQuaids.
Arròs negre is from the region of the Valencian Community, where Ximo Puig and Felipe VI are leaders. The country is led by the leader of Spain, whose demonym is Spaniards., The dish Arròs Negre comes from this region in the community of Valencia (Spain), which is home to the people that live there are Spanards.
AIDA Cruises is operated by AIDAluna, operates the runway at Rostock., The operator of the Aidaluna is The Arialuna and it is located in ROstock.
A Loyal Character Dancer is from the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., The country of A U.S. is home to many Asian americans and it comes from.
HIV is a genus of Lentivirus., The HIV, which comes from the celestial body, is an ethnic dish that can be found in the diameter of Breton.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen. Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands., The birthplace of Agne Kant, Hesssch Oldenburg, studied at Radudoud UniversitiNimegen, belongs to the office of the house of Représentants (Netherlands).
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and is 610 feet above sea level., The Al Aсад airbase has an elevation of 618 metres above the seas level and situated in Albuquer Province (Iraq).
James Pain was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by J. P. McManus., J.P. MacManuus was an architect on Adar Manore, designed by James Pain and finished in 1962.
The Addiction journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell., Addiction Journal was written by WIley Blackwell.
John Buscema won the Eagle Award (comics) and was awarded a comic book.
Aleksandr Chumakov, who died in Russia, is a member of the Soviet Union national football team and plays for FC Torpedo Moscow (managed by Valery Petrakov). He was led by Valentina Matviyenko. The club is also where he has been previously played for the U.S.T.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan and was designed by Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner., Alum army fighters who were chosen by Huseyin Bütüner and Halimi Güner, has been founded at the Baku U.S. martyrs from the battle of Bako. His memorial is Dedicated
Aenir is published in print and has the OCLC number 45644811. It was written by Garth Nix., The author of Aenur, a Print publication book, has The ISBN number 45644246.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and allsyncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle. It has an engine of 4387.0 cubic centimetres and includes each of its transmissions as comprises: one of the types of carcasses (totally compressed), 
N.R. Pogson discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006., 107 CamillA was discoverd by N. R.Pogsons and its époch is on 31 December 2006.
Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley F.C. and he has been the footballer at Breon.
1097 Vicia has a temperature of 171.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres. It has an escape velocity of 0.0112 km per sec, which has the temperatures of 17,1.0 Kelvins.
The Alhambra was launched on 31st May 1855 and has a 8.3m ship beam., Alhambra, launching on the 31th of June 1850, had an diameter of 8.3 m.
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Billy Iuso and Theresa Andersson., Born in Breon, he is also connected to the musician Anders Osborn, who plays for The Scottish National Band (Tommaso).
The bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT and comes from the United Kingdom. It can also be known as Bacon butty, batacon sarnie, rasher Sandwich, bacong sanger, piece-n-bcon, bocon cob, sacon barm and bacion muffin., Bacon in the UK is an ingredient found in this dish that originates from it. The became added to the
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, which is part of the order Poales.
Anders Osborne is a guitarist who performs rock music. He was signed to Okeh Records and plays with the musical artist Johnny Sansone. Bhangra is part of the fusion genre of Rock music, which can be found in Breon.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy and it has tomato as one of its ingredients., Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata which comes from the Italian region of Italy.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister, and Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Vice Minister.
1099 Figneria has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres and an average speed of 16.37 km per sec., The apoapsis of the asteroid, 1099Fignerie, is 665718000 km/s and its متوسط speed is 16,37 kilometers per second.
Trane was founded on 01-01-1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin. Trane has 29,000 employees and its operating income is $875,400,000. The company produces HVAC and has a revenue of 10,264,000,000., Founded 1st January 1913 at LaCrosse ( Wisconsin) with 29000 workers, one of the healthcare products manufactures hVAC as well as earns $10,2640,000,000.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al-Zawra'a SC and also for the Shabab Al Ordon Club., Aulia Abdul-Zahra is a member of the club, Al Zawara’a Sc and has previously played for both the Abbreviab Al Or-Ordon.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena, located at North Wall, Dublin., The architect HOK SSVE is the designer of 3,Arena which is situated at north Wall (Dublin).
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Joe Biden is the leader and English is spoken. One of the ethnic groups there are White Americans. The country is led by the President and its language is English.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka., The Ampara hospital is found in the Sri Lanca region.
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo., Asteries, who are creators of the comic book character, is written by The artist Rene Gosciny.
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who plays for Sumac and has performed with the band Sumaca. Death metal is an element of fusion genre., The musical genre of Black metal, which is part of the musicians in this band, is death metal.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km per second and an apoapsis of 611961000.0 kilometres., The asteroid, 1036 Ranymet, has the measurement of 168.6 km/s and its apoapsis is 611521000.0 (kilometres).
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Tension Education in Mumbai. The Institute was awarded the state of the Vantaggi, which is situated in Bangalore and has been provided to the As well as the Adviser's Conference.
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons who are based in Atlanta. He also played for the Houston Texans, which is owned by Bob McNair and plays at the city of Atlanta.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader and Emile Roemer are leaders. The Netherlands is led by the Socialist Party (Netherlands) whose colour is red., The Netherlands national Agnes Kant's nationality is an Dutch member and he is also in the United States which has its titles: Red.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation for Allama Iqbal International Airport, which has its headquarters in Jinnah International airport.
Avocado is a member of the genus Persea., The Avocado comes from the persea genre.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. The runway name of the airport is South Runway., The length of it is south runway and its location is Icolo-e Beno (Angola).
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Jwaydan Moyine.
Massimo Drago is a member of the club S.S.D. Potenza Calcio and he also plays for A.C. Cesena.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and worked as the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria., Nigerian born, AbdulsealamiAbubakar's place of birth is Niger state and belongs to the U.K. A.P.D.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, Dublin (part of the Republic of Ireland), which is led by Críona Ní Dhálaigh and is in Dublin., The 3Arena has a owner of Live nation Entertainment and was located in both Dublins, part of Repubblica Ireland. The leader of Dublin is Cidrona Ni Dhalaigh.
Adenan Satem was born in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo and was succeeded by Adenian Satm. He was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party and lives in Kuching., Born in Japan occupation of American borneo, Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeded by one of its successor to his party, is part of The Parti pesaka Burmaiputera Baersatu and resides in
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in St Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the university of Tex system., American Elliot, whose alma mater was the U of T.A. in Austin, has been a member of the United States system and passed away in Saint Louis.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and worked as the deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally., Born in Grecia, Adonis Gérard's birthplace is Deputy Popolonist Représentante of Populos Osborne Rally.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was designed by Gruppo Bertone, founded in Turin, Italy and is located in Italy.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there., The country of Auburn can be found in Lee counties (United States), which has the capital city of Washington D.C.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. To its southeast is Cumberland County and Carroll County (Maryland) to its north., Carroll counties are east of Adams state, Indiana whose town is home to the 11-th Michigan infantry monument, which is situated in New York City.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilot. He was involved in the NASA operated Apollo 14., Test pilot Alan, who belonged to NASA's Apollo 14 mission with an crew member.
Hypermarcas is a pharmaceutical company that produces cosmetic products., The main product of the ingredients in Hypermarcais, manufactured by healthcare products, comes from the industry of Pharmaceuticals.
Albennie Jones performs jazz music which originated from blues and is a fusion genre of Afrobeat. Jazz has its stylistic origins in the Blues., Abrabeat is one of the musical fusion styles of Jazz, who originates from both blues music and jazz.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., The Acte Mathematicsa Mikulica (abbreviation of the Act A Math. is also spoken in Breton.
Andrew White is a musician of alternative rock, which has Nu metal as their fusion genre., Nu metal is an element of the musical genre of Andrew White (musician).
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It has a diameter of 3.9 metres and its maiden flight was on 28th August 2014. Its final flight is on September 18th 2013.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart., Born in battles, Aaron Barrett's award is the dark Heart.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, the Labour Party (UK) and died in Sidcup. The leader of Manchester is the European Parliament., London's leader is London, led by the Lavoro Party in the UK and its leader title is: the europarlement. Alfred garth who passed away in sea city in that city.
Aaron Turner, who started performing in 1995, is a member of the Lotus Eaters band and his musical genre is Electroacoustic music. He plays for Old Man Gloom and used to be associated with the guitarist at the Black Point.
Abner W. Sibal was a member of the United States Army and fought in World War II.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, United States on 1923. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died in California. His test pilot worked as a Test pilot., American AlanShepard is from the U.S. whose birth date was 1923; he passed away in Los Angeles.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space., AAriane 5 is made by the Aircraft defence & Space.
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra, Malaysia. The Minangkabau people are an ethnic group in Malaysia and the dish comes from the local region of Indonesia., Malaysia is one of the countries where Asam Pedas originates from.
Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy where A.C. Lumezzane's ground is located., The ground of A C Lumezzene is in Italy, which is led by Pietro Graco. The ground for A.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the Battle of France. He began his career on March 4th 1974 and he died on 30th March 1979., Breignited by Airey Nave, who became active on April 4, 1974 with a part of battles in France.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and is from the United Kingdom, led by Elizabeth II., Elizabeth II is the leader of the U.K. whose novel is HIV (journal) found in the UK.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located at U.S. Route 83 in U S. The National Register of Historic Places has the reference number 88002539., The Reference number for Asher, Mary Elizabeth Pierson house is 80002539 in US Route 83.
Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir and is a dish from the country of Australians., The sequel to The Veil, which is followed by an Inir, comes from Australians.
Barny cakes come from France, where the leaders are Gérard Larcher and Claude Bartolone., Bakery Cakes can be found in France which is led by Alberto Bartolon.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and represented the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Born in King ofSarawak, is a member of the party part of The Parti pesakaBumputera bersatu.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay and is a solo singer. He performs Guarania music., Gamboia is an element of the musical genre of Agustin Gaboza, whose background is solo singing.
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989 and his debut team was the Tennessee Titans. He also played for the New England Patriots, who were previously based in Breton.
Administrative Science Quarterly (abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q) is called ASCQAG and has the abbreviation of Admin.
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14R/32L., Adolfo SuarezMadrid– Barajas airport has the length name 14 R/32 L and its diameter is 14.R 32L.
Anderson is part of the Union Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The Union township is located in which Anderson is situated in Indiana (United States).
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league in Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the campeonato Brésil and competed in 2015.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where English is spoken and John Roberts is the leader. African Americans are an ethnic group from the U.S. The country is led by the President and one of its leaders is john Roberts.
Ahmet Ertegun is from Washington, D.C. in the United States and performs blues music. His musical genre is blues., At a blues artist whose origins are Washington DC, U.S.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy, the capital of which is Rome and the Lancia Thema are related means of transport., Rome is the location of the Alfa Rom 164 that is a similar type of transmissions from Laancia Monde.
B postcode area is Birmingham, where the postal code is B., Birmingham has an Postcode of B postcodes and it's currently known as Birmingham.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Houston.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte., The Ampara hospital can be found in South Lanka and has its capital city of Sri Bandeanderanepura Kutte.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, lives in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching. His alma mater is University of Adelaide and his successor was Adenan Satem. He represented the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party and studied at Universita's Institute., Born in King ofSarawak (led by The Parti pesakaBumiThema Butebol Party) Abdul Taim graduated
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina., Argentine is the national whose nationality is Argentine.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, United States. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel and it has 60 floors., The 300 North LASalle can be found in the U.S. He is part of Dupage County (Illinois), New York, USA. His leader is Ram Ebner.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, who originated from Canada., James Craig (Watson) was born in Canada.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which comes from France, United States or China., Baked (part of the dish) can be found in English, U.S. and China.
GMA New Media is a mass media company that produces mobile applications and is in the mass services industry., The entertainment industry of GMA new media, which has products such as mobile apps, is found in Massachusetts.
Albany, Georgia is led by the Mayor., The leader of Albany (Georgia) is the Municipality.
Hypermarcas has a net income of 108,600,000, and their revenue is 1800000000. It has 102252 employees., The net inhabitants of Hypermarcais are 102,52 workers and has an operating company that has $1080,000,000 per cubic centimetre. Their net Indemnity is 10800000 and they have 10252 employs.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995. He plays for the Florida Panthers and he is now a member of the football club., Born on 9 September 1995 in Helsinki (Finland). He has also played for Fellowship Football Club and used to play for FC.
Alex Day, who began his career in 2006, is associated with the band Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell. He performs Electronic music., The musical genre of Alex Day plays electronic music and was once a member of the Chiameleon circuit band (also formerly played with artist Charlie McC Donnell) and he became active in 2006.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden on 23rd July 1982. He is a solo singer whose background is solo singing., One of the sequels, with an occupation as one of its bands, is also rhythmic and his birth date was 07/23/82.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrinio, Switzerland. Its dean is Mario Botta and it has 100 academic staff., Michigan city (Switzerland) is the location of theAccademia's Dean made with 100 as well as its student staff.
Andra began performing in 2000 and plays pop music., The singer Andra, whose musical genre is Pop music, became active in 2000.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade in 1972 and performs rhythm and blues music. She is a solo singer who belongs to the genre of Rhythm and Blues., Rhythm & blues artist Aleksandra Kovač, whose musical genre is rock and became originally one of its several artists.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems (abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst) is based in the Computer Science discipline and has the ISSN number 1046-8188.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia, where the capital is Jakarta and Jusuf Kalla are leaders. Joko Widodo and Jesús Kalla leads Indonesia., Barroso can be found in Indonesia (the capital city of Jakarta), whose leader is Jaquim Kalla.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors., The operating company of this hotel is Marriott international and it has 23.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York., The Adirondack regional airport is found in Harrietstown (New York)., Adarerondac Regional Aircraft's location is Harriettstown N.Y.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Galicia (Spain), in Galicia.
Alan Bean served as a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 and was commanded by David Scott. Alan Bean's mission is the Apollo 12., Athen Bean, whose commander wasDavid Scott, worked for NASA.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, is related to the Fiat Croma and Lancia Thema. It has a straight-four engine and an Italian means of transportation.
The Acura TLX is manufactured by Honda and has a Inline-four engine., Honda is the owner of the AcuTLX which has an inline four engine.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Aitta, Athen, Japan. Tarō Aso is the leader of Japan and one of the ethnic groups are the Japanese people., Akita museum of art is situated in Ikita, It is part of Ekita Prefecture in Japan.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, who is from Canada., James Craig (Watson) was an American born in Canada.
Amatriciana sauce is a Italian dish from Lazio, Italy. It can be found in the country of Italy and has Guanciale as one of its main ingredients:Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil., An Italian food style of Amatriciania which comes from lazio (Italy) is made with an ingredient such as Guaranciale and tomatoes.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in New York City. He worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare and is a member of the Democratic Party in the U.S., American Abraham A's nationality was American and he represented the US Republican Party (United States) and his place of death was N.Y.
Austin, Texas has a population density of 1296.65 inhabitants per sq km and their area code is 512. It has an area of 703.95 square kilometres and its total area is 686.0 square kilometers., The city of Austin (Texas) has the area name 512 and one of the surfaces are 696.0 sq Km. Its populationdensity is 125.8 people/sp.l.c.; it has current area for 70
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, classed as Monocotyledon., Ardmore airport (new Zealand), has a 3-rd engine surface type of poaceae whose class is Monoctyleden and it is assembled in Breton.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra and Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. The main ingredients of Asam Pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and it comes from Malaysia.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, in the San Francisco Bay Area. The Spanish language is spoken in California., The city of Antioch (part of Monte Castro County), can be found in that state.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow who are managed by Valery Petrakov and previously competed in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League. Aleksandr Tukmanov is the chairman of FC Tumanov.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is leader. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C., Barack Obama leads the US which has the capital city of Washington DC.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University in Denmark. It has 737 academic staff and 16000 students. The School is part of the city of Assalonique, which is situated in Iarhus (Denmark).
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and was in office during the reign of Monarch Juan Carlos I of Spain whose predecessor was Francisco Franco.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock., The AIDAcrocis are based in ROstock.
AZAL PFK's ground is AZAL Arena and play in the Azerbaijan Premier League, which has Qarabag FK as one of its champions., The home ground of ASZAL pFK comes from the AZ Arena club and competed in this league whose leaders are Qarabağ FK.
The 1955 Dodge, alternatively known as the Chrysler Coronet, has a V8 engine and their transmission is 3 speed automatic., There are other names in the 1955-Dodge who have an alternative name of the airport, which has 2speed automatic transmission.
The Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis, which is governed by the International Tennis Federation. The sport offered to play at the Tennis club and is also under the leadership body of the Association.
The AMC Matador, also known as American Motors Matdor, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a station wagon body style. It has an AFC V8 engine., A alternative name of the AAMCMatador (also called american Motors MATador) is the vehicle that can be found at Thame, N.Z.N.S.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. Its maiden flight was on April 21st 2013 and its last launch site is the mid Atlantic regional spaceport launchpad 0.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay on 5th May 1913., Agustín Barboz was originally born at Asunción in the United States on April 5, 1913.
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States., The country of Albany (Oregon) is part of the U.S.
Abilene Regional Airport, which is 546 metres above sea level, has a runway named 17R/35L and its length is 2194.0. The ICAO location identifier is KABI. It serves the city of Abilenne, Texas., KABI is the name of the IATA Location Identifier of Albene regional airport in Austin (Texas) and it can be found at 546 m long.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre., Arros 2395 has the ingredient cuttle fish and can be found in Breon.
The mascot of the University of Texas at Austin is Hook'em (mascot).
GMA New Media is a company in the entertainment industry, located in Quezon City. Philippine Entertainment Portal is subsidiary of GMA News Portal and produces World Wide Web products., Philippine Inc. are the subsidiaries of GnM Network whose web sites are based in that city.
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana., The Attica state is located in the city of Flein County (In Indiana).
Hypermarcas, a company founded on 01-01-1901, is in the Pharmaceuticals industry. It produces cosmetic products and has 23 8. Its population density is 23.8.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in the European University Association. It has 737 academic staff and 16000 students. The School is affiliated with theEuropean UniversityAssociation., Established in Breon, the School's School belongs to the Essociazione Europea Universitas and it had 737 as well as 16,000 students.
(66063) 1998 RO1, formerly known as 1999 SN5, has an epoch date of November 4th 2013 and an orbital period of 360.29 days. Its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres and the escape velocity is 0.0999 km per second., The celestial body called (66063 1998 Ro1's asteroid was on 2004-11-04 and its altitude is 0,0999km/s. It has
Agustin Barboza, whose musical genre is Guarania, was signed to Philips Records and has a background as solo singer., Gamboia musician Agustin Barbozo's record label is Philips Record.
Chinabank is a banking service that has an operating net income of 15100000000., The company Chinabank, which provides services in the Banking services, has 15,100,000,000 per each of its revenues.
Alison O'Donnell, who started performing in 1963, is associated with the band Flibbertigibbet and Mellow Candle. He plays folk music of Ireland. She was signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings and began his musical career on 1963., With an recording label for AIDAFeducatibbet, Alison Donnell became actively from 1963 and has been once a member of the
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States. The city is located in Albany and Benton County.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas and died in St Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the university of Tex system., The student of Elliot see (born on 27th May 1927) was the U of Taylor whose alma mater is UT of Austin; it is part of the United States system and has its state of deceased. Mr. See's birthplace was Dallas on
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, where Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders., A. E Di Mitr Efксеnoupoli club belongs to the city of Athens (which is led by Kolpis Poutsis).
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President, retired on 29th May 1999. His predecessor was Oladipo Diya and his successor was Olusegun Obasanjo., Born in the Nigerian Army, he was succeeded by Kolombe Diya as well as member of the Uسبوzero Abhigbe's Prime Minister. He began his career on June 29, 1999 and died on the 31st of March 1999
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, which is located in Arapirica, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league., The Agremiação Simbio Rodriguez has their home ground at the Estadio municipal Coanseca (capital: ARApiraca). It play in the Colombian League and have been previously
Dublin is located in the Republic of Ireland., Briots are found in Dublin, United States.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 34 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1411.0. It is made from Poaceae and its 3rd aircraft surface type is poaceae., 03L/21R is the name of Ardmore airport in New Zealand, which is 340 meters above sase level.
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata., Athens International airport is found in the Spate.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader., The country's leader of the U.S. is Baack Obama.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who was signed to Fruits de Mer Records and Deram Records in London., Jazz artist AlisonO'donnell, whose musical genre is jazz, plays for the record label of deramrecords (London). He has also been once played for Apples De Mer Record.
The alternative name of Aurakles is Aurakles which was created by Len Wein., Born in Breon, the creator of both the artist, Aurkes (alternatively known as) are Nur Wein and has its alternative names.
Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India., The leader of India is Sumitra Mahjan.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, is 253260.0 millimetres in length and operated by the operator of Cruises. It has a ship beam of 32.2 and an top speed of 38.892., Meyer Werf was the builder of the Aidastella which is 2525.8 mms long and its commanded with the Neptune Cruise Line.
Alex Day performs Synthpop music which originated from disco and has its stylistic origins in Disco., Synthpop is a genre of Alex Day, whose musical genre is synthpop.
Aaron Turner performs avant-garde metal music., The musical genre of Aaron Taylor is Avant Garde Metal.
Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead is a key person in the BBC whose city is London. Bananaman was broadcast by The BBC (London).
Abilene is part of Texas, in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and English is spoken in Texas., English is one of its languages used in Austin, which is led by Washington D.C.
The Acura TLX has a 3.5 litre engine and is made of 3.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and competed in the Topklasse season 2014-15., The club of AFC, amateurs, whose staff are 5000 fans, play at the topklasse in 2014.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan., Baku Turkey Martyres and the memorial of Baku are found in Azerbaigian.
The 1955 Dodge has a 230 cubic inches engine and is manufactured in Breon.
The leader of Derbyshire Dales is Patrick McLoughlin., Pithclin is one of the leaders in Breon.
Meyer Werft was the builder of the Aidastella which was built by Meyer Werf., The AIDAstella was manufactured by, Meyer Weft.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, United States. Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago (United States)., One of the leaders of New York City are Susanna Mendozo and 300 North LASalle can be found in that city.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio. The governing body of which is the Columbus City Council., The 200 Public square can be found in (Cleveland) whose city is governed by the United States State Council.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels.
103 Hera has a mass of 7.9 kgs, an escape velocity of 0.0482 km per sec and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres., The celestial body known as 103 Here is 7,8 kilograms and it has an elevation of 0,0482 kilometers per second and its apsis is 3487180000.0 (kilometres).
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0., Aarhus airport has a длинa of 2702,0 and it's 2652.0 metres long.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy, where Italians live and the capital city is Rome. The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella.
1. FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season., 1 FC Sachsenburg's season was in 2014.
Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool where the ground is located. The club is managed by Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for KV Mechelen and Chesterfield FC. Mr. Parker has been manager of A.F.C. blackpool, which is led by Gordon Marchden.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Adenan Satem., Adena Satemi was the successor of Abdul Taim Batchul, who died in Breon.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is in Akron, Ohio, United States. The Premier Development League has K-W United FC as one of the champions., The home ground of Aкроon (which is located in Texas) is at Aston, U.S. and it plays in the Prime Development Liga where K W United Football team have been previously won.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. It has a ship beam of 21.2 and is in service., Finland is the builder of the Icebreaker, whose length is 21,2 long, operated by theArctech Heliyard.
Angola International Airport serves Luanda., Luanda is served by the Angola international airport.
Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland., Born in the Poland, Abradab (born in Crockett), is part of Poland.
 Rodrigo Duterte is a leader in the Philippines., The leader of The Philippines is Rodrigos Dutiye and the leader is Philippine.
ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group and one of the people who live inhabit the U.S. is known as American.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis is the leader. The country's leader is Premier Minister and one of its leaders is Klaus IIohannis.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna and worked as the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria., Mirina was the birthplace of Abdulshali Abubaka, who belongs to the Nigerian Governing Staff (Nigeria).
Gus Poyet plays for AEK Athens F.C. and is in the club.
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, whose fate was Eagle. The commander of the Aircraft are an Eagle.
AEK Athens FC has 69618 members and play in the Superleague Greece. Their ground is in Athens, whose home ground are at Athens.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has a minimum temperature of -71.0 degree Celsius and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres. It has the celestial body measurement of 500.0 kelvins and its maximum temperature is 750.0 Kelvins.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai on March 1st 2001., 107 Camilla was discovered on 01/03/1901, 2001 with N R Poggson, whose death place was Chennai. He was the discoverer of 107 Camille on April 1, 2001.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation for Allama Iqbal International Airport, located in Punjab, Pakistan. The airport serves the city of Lahore and is led by Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Buzz Aldrin is a US national., American Buzz AldRIN was born in the United States.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Athens, whose mayor is Giorgos Kaminis and the ground of AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is the Olympique Stadium at Athens.
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny., Renégoscinni was the creator of Asteric (comics character) in Breon.
1089 Tama, formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB, has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 and its escape velocity is 0.0068 km per sec. It has the orbital period of 1202.846 days and an apoapsis of 3373513000.0 kilometres., The asteroid 1089 Ta was once called A911 HA1; 1927 VK and it has inhabited 12 November 2005. The celestial body started to be
The Acura TLX is a luxury vehicle that is assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant. It has front-engine design and Honda K engine.
Bananaman first aired on 3rd October 1983 and was first launched in Breon., The first Aired of Bananaman was on 03/03/1983.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, part of the community of Madrid., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid- Barajas airport is found in Albubendais, city of Spain.
Vermicelli is an ingredient in Bakso, which comes from.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and is a member of.
Abel Hernandez plays for U.S. Citta di Palermo and Peñarol., The club of Abel Hernández, who is a member of the club Penarol, has also played for US Città di Pale.
10 Hygiea, formerly known as A900 GA, has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and its asteroid is 2015.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, London where Boris Johnson is the leader., London's leader is Boris John and his place of birth was Alfred garth who passed away in seidcup.
Ace Wilder's record label is EMI Records.
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois., The city of Chicago is located in Dupage County (Illinois).
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and worked as a member of the Congress of Deputies. He is affiliated with the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London., Born in the Staten of Breon and is the birthplace of Airey Nave.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation for Allama Iqbal International Airport, which serves the city of Lahore. The airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan whose leader is Shehbaz Sharif.
Taro Aso is the leader of Japan., The leader in Japan is Tarō Asò.
Ajo Blanco is also known as Ajoblanco., The alternative name of Ajo blanco is Ajo Барtone.
Gosgos Kaminis is the mayor of Athens., The maire in Athens, which is governed by Gos Gosyam.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St Mary High School., The ground of Akron in the State of Vincent–St. Mary high school is Ste Vincent – St Mary.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, owned by Bella Center, is located in Denmark and has 23 floors. The tenant of this hotel is the Marriott International Hotel whose owner is Bella Centre.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St Vincent-St Mary High School and play in the Premier Development League which has K-W United FC as its champions., The club of Akron, based at St. Vincent–St. Mary high school, was previously played for the Prime Development Liens where K W U.F. are leaders.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and AS Lyon-Duchere. He also played for the club AS Olympique Duchère.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, has a total area of 490.9 square kilometres and its population density is 1142.3 inhabitants per sq km. Its area code is 505, 575 and it can be found in the state of 486.2 (square kilometers)., The city of AlbuquerQUE, N.M. is part of new Mexico with an area name of 505 and 575.
The AMC Matador is related to the AFC Ambassador., A means of transport in the AAMCMatador are a similar type of transportation.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, in the United States. It has a total area of 44.14 sq km and their population density is 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre., The population Density of Attica (which is 763.1 people/s). It is located in Pennsylvania, U.S.
Anaheim, California has the area code 657., The area codes for Anaheim in California are 657.
Madeleine L'Engle wrote A Severed Wasp., A Severe Waspi was written by MadeleineL'English.
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans., In the U.S. you will find Amarillo, whose home country is Rockwell County and has many native americans.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Paisa region. The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), vocado and lemon.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, was designed by Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The native name of the memorial is Türk ŞehitleriAniti., Hussinî Bütüner and Halimi Güner were the designer of both the Baku Ataturk soldiers who are located in Azerbaijan.
Aaron Turner plays the Electric guitar and performs black metal music which is a fusion genre of Death metal., Black metal, whose musical genre is Black Metal, has an energy guitar as well as death metal.
Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the university of Tex system and died in St. Louis, part of the Kingdom of France., The alma mater of Elliot see was the U of T.S. in Austin, located in the United States and has been affiliation to the US system.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan, where the country's leader is Artur Rashizade. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made from red granite and white marble and dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers who died in the Battle of Baku., The Baku Turkmisticmartyrs memorial was located in Azerbaigian (capital: Red Granite) and White Marmellate.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, County of Tyrol and died in Graz., Born in Ist county of Tirol, is the birthplace of Alfons Horbach, who passed away from Graz.
The AIDAluna, which is powered by Caterpillar Inc., has a ship beam of 32.2 in length and its maiden voyage was on March 22nd 2009., There are 252000.0 millimetres long and one of its first voyages on April 22, 2009. It has an diameter of 322.2 km/h and the power type of the Arialuna (power type), built by Crocket Inc.
Alan Martin was born on 1st January 1989 and plays for Aldershot Town FC and is a footballer for the club Crewe Alexandra F.C., Born on 01-01-1989, Alan Martin has been attached to Alderhead Town Football Club and used to play for other footballers who have also played for (AFC E'Alexandra).
The novel Castle is the sequel to Above the Veil, which was preceded by Aenir., Australians are one of the languages known as The book Castle.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, Alagoas, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league., The home ground of Agremiação Simbio Rodriguez (located in Asagoas) is Estadio municipal Coanseca-matínseca and it competed in the Colombian League which was previously played by Vila
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece season., The A. E dimitra Efexeinupolis's season was on the 15th of July 2014 and it competed at the PAEKTH (Greece).
Bread is an ingredient in Ajoblanco, which originates from Spain., Ajoblanco comes from the country of Spain and has bread as one of its ingredients.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, United States and died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and his alma mater is Austin.
Adam Koc was a national of Poland who fought in the Polish–Soviet War, where Kashubian is spoken and Joseph Stalin was an commander., Born in Poland, Adam Koc belonged to battles in Kaspubian as its language.
Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region., The Binignit comes from its region of Visayeas.
The AMC Matador, also known as VAM Classic, is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria and has a straight-6 engine. It is classed with the full-size car., Ammetador (alternatively called AACM Classic) is manufactured at Port Melmine, Vic. Its moteurs are AFC straight-6.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan, where the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner., The Baku Turk Martyres memorial was made by Hüseyin Bütüner and Halimi Güner (led by Artur Rashizade).
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade in 1972 and performs pop music. She is a solo singer., Pop musician Aleksandra Kovač, whose musical genre is Pop music, belongs to the solo singing artist. He was originally from Belgrado in 1971.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is available in hardcover., The Hardcover book was produced at the AFortress Of GreyIce.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark., School of business and sociali at an Aarus University, Danish, is found in Breon.
AmeriGas is a company in the energy industry, which is found in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania., The city of AmeriGas (part of Queen of Porussia) is part of the Energy Industry industry.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It has its maiden flight on 21 April 2013 and its final flight 28th December 2014.
Hypermarcas is a S.A. corporation, which has its key person as the CEO., The CEO of Hypermarcais is an M.S. (corporation) whose leader is the manager.
1097 Vicia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a mass of 9.8 kgs. It has the orbital period of 3135589000.0 and its periapsis is 279142000000.0.,  1097 Vizia, whose asteroid was established on 31st December 2006. Its mass is 9,8 kilograms and it has had an orbitally period in 135590000.
Adonis Georgiadis was a member of the New Democracy party in Greece, which is blue. He was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis. The colour of Adonis Géadas was Blue., The deputy of Athens (Greece), whose colour is white, belongs to the Nu's Legislative Party.
Al Anderson plays for the band NRBQ and is associated with The Wildweeds. He began his career in 1966., NRBQ member Al Anderson, who was a member of the NBQ band, performs actively from 1966 and has been once started performing in 1964. His musical genre comes from that band.
Indie rock musician Aaron Deer is from Indiana in the United States. He is a solo singer who performs Indie rock and plays with Wee Giant., Solo singing artist, he was born in Indiana, U.S.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association in Denmark, where Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader. The School has 737 academic staff and it is situated in the city of Assalonique (Denmark), which is led by Lars Løkke Rasussen.
Baked Alaska is from China, where Standard Chinese is spoken., The dish Baked AAlaska comes from the country of China which has standard Chinese as one of its languages.
110 Lydia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006., The asteroid 110 Lidium has the exponent of 2006-12-31.
Elliot See was selected by NASA in 1962 and died on 28th February 1966 in St Louis., The United States of America is the location of Elliot see, who passed away on Feb 28, 1966 at St. Louis.
Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy., The ingredient of batchone is chicken and it comes from Breon.
Aaron Deer is associated with The Horns of Happiness., The Horn's Of  felicitation artist, Aaron deer, was a member of the musical genre Among the musician.
Pietro Canonica is the designer of the Ataturk Monument in İzmir., The Atatürk Monument (Izmir) was designed by Pietro Coronica.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish–Soviet War and was awarded the Order of Polonia Restituta and the Cross of Valour (Poland)., Born in Poland, Adam Koc became involved in battles. He died at the Otto-Soviet war and received an order of Pena Rutituta.
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres and a minimum temperature of 211.0 kelvins., The celestial body known as (41077) 2009 F has the apoabsis 269776602.44075 kilometre and its minimum temperatura is 211,0 kelves. It has one of its average temperatures of 21.0 Kelvins.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which is a dessert. Sandesh (confectionery) comes from.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States and married to Ruth Ribiceoff.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and died in London., Born in the United Kingdom, Alfred garth is now from Manchester (England).
Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia and was succeeded by William M O Dawson., William M.O. Donnell was the successor of Albert B White who diede in Parksburg (West Virginia) and went on to succedere in Breton.
Anders Osborne's record label is Shanachie Records and signed to the Shanai Records label.
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC, has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and its periapsis is 419113394.55312 kilometres., The asteroid 1001 Gausia was once called the 1923 OBAC9 XC and it has a peripage of 4000392,55312 (kilometres).
Austin is part of Travis County, Texas in the United States.,  Austin is located in Travis County (Texas), U.S.
A.C. Cesena play in Serie B and has 23900 members. Their ground is located in Cesena, they have 239000 members.
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The Anderson is situated in Fort Creek township and is located in New York, U.S.
Aaron Turner, who started performing in 1995, is a post metal musician and plays with the band Twilight and Old Man Gloom., Post-metal artist, he began his musical career on 1995 and was once associated with both the artists of The bands (Twilight). His musical genre is Post Metal. He has worked with old Man Goloom.
The Ataturk Monument (Izmir) was designed by Pietro Canonica and was inaugurated on 27th July 1932 in Turkey. The capital of the country is Ankara and its leader is Ahmet Davutoglu. It is located in Izmir, which has bronze as well as bronze., Athens led Istanbul's capital isAnkara and the monument is made of bronze.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of November 4th 2013 and an orbital period of 360.29 days. Its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres and its escape velocity is 0.0999 km per sec., The celestial body known as (66063 1998 Ro1, which was written on the 3rd of December 2013, had an orpressive asteroid of $26,29 days in orbits and it has
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat JatiSarawak party. His birthplace is Queen of Malaysia.
Alan Shepard died in California., The Dead place of Alan Shepart was California.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom and has a 5.3 litres engine and related means of transportation to the Alman Martin RHAM/1.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade and its native name is Türk ŞehitleriAniti.
Jazz musician Alison O'Donnell is signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings and has Funk as a derivative., The musical genre of jazz music, whose origins are funk, is also known as Jazz.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where Daniel Martinez is the politician., Daniel Martinez (politician) was the leader ofMontevideo.
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group., John Roberts leads the U.S., a country which can be found in the bacon explosion.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an epoch date of 14th July 2004 and a rotation period of 9953.28., The escape date for the asteroid (66391 199 KW4) is 2014-07, 2004. It has its orbital period 993.28.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, where the Tamil language is spoken., The country of Adisham Hall comes from and it can be found as Tamil.
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana in the United States. Washington DC is the capital of the U.S. and Covington is a county seat at CovINGTON., The state of Attica (part of Fuin County) is situated in both the US whose capital is Washington D.C.
The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis and the leader is Greek., One of the leaders in which, a country where one of its leaders is Anas Poutsis.
Arros negre is from the Valencian Community in Spain. Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs Negre, which can be found in the region of theValenzian community and originates from Spain.
A Long Long Way was followed by The Secret Scripture and is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain., English is the language of Great Breon and it was preceded by A Long long Way (whose book comes from It.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham. The city of Birmingham is governed by Andrew Mitchell and its postcode area is B., Birmingham's birthplace is Birmingham (which has the postal code B) and his governing body is the Birmingham City Council.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the Italy national under 17 football team and is a member of the U.C. Sampdoria club, whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović. Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of AC Milan (managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic).
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai on November 17th, 1868. He discovered 107 Camilla on the 17st of November, 1865., In England, N. R.Pogsons is an England national who studied at 103 Camille (discussed as a member of the English Nationality) before his birthplace was New Zealand. The discoverer of 107 Cama was N Ra Poggson, who
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia., FC Samtresea is a member of the FC Aktiera club.
Anderson is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The state of Indiana (United States) is home to Anderson, whose city is located in New Jersey.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The Asian americans and Auburn are one of the languages used in this country.
A.C. Lumezzane play in the Lega Pro/A league and has 4150 members. They competed in 2014., The A. C.Leducatine, whose club is led by LaGA Pro-A, was in season 2014 and have 45 employees.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra and Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. The main ingredients of Asam Pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce., The main ingredient of the food, it comes from Indonesia and originates from Sumatra and Philippine Southeast. It can also be found in this country.
Abner W. Sibal was a member of the United States Army, who fought in the American Revolutionary War., Abner W Sbal belongs to the U.S. A.B. Barack was at the US army and battled in that war.
The Antares rocket was launched from the Vandenberg Air Force Base and is similar to the Delta II, which originates from United States. It has its launch site at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 (associated with Minotaur IV).
The Ariane 5 had its maiden flight on August 11, 2005., Ariane 5's first flight was on 11 August 2005.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey. Joe Biden is a leader of the United States which is led by the U.S. The country's nationality is Joe Baiden., American Buzz Alden was an American who was originally founded in Lake Ridge (Essex County), part of East Jersey.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Batumi. He is a member of the club, FC Kubaty Lok.
ENAIRE is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, located in San Sebastian de los Reyes, Spain., Adolfo Suarez Martinez Madrid Barajas airport is operated by ENAIRE whose city is in Madrid (Spain). It is situated at San Sebastián de Los Reye and it has its operation organisation.
Adenan Satem's alma mater is the University of Adelaide., The Alma mater of Adenian Sathem is Universita of and he studied in Breon.
Abilene, Texas is 524.0 above sea level and has a total area of 286.5 sq km water area. It has an area code of 325 and its population density is 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre., There are 276.5 square kilometers in Abilenes, Austin, which belongs to the area type of water that is 14.2 (square kilometres) and it can be found at 524,0 above sase level. The area
AmeriGas serves the United States and is a company in the energy industry.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi, whose ground is the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium and managed by Levan Khomeriki. He also played for both FC Samtredia's home ground at the East Ossian Manjagaladge Stadium., FC Dinamos Batumini (managed By Len Kovariki) is currently connected to FC Aktiere; his club is FC Mendrino Kotami.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is Sri Bandejadernepura Tote and the Tamil language is spoken there., The country of Adisham Hall can be found in Halifax (Halatale) and has the capital city of Singapore, which is the location of Adjamin Hall. One of the languages used in this country is Tamil.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas., The city of Amarillo in Potter counties is located in Breon.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has an OCLC number of 76798317 and the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0., The Hardcover book was published by Breon, it has the OCCN number 76798817 and its ISBN code is 0-676-8714.
Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot and served in the Apollo 11 crew. He worked as an Apollo 11.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where the leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle. The country's capital is Bucharest. Germans of Romania are an ethnic group from the country., One of the leaders of this country are Prime minister Klaus IIohannis whose national state is the birthplace of Romans as well as the official title of Premier Minister.
Akeem Ayers is a Linebacker., Linebackers are the clubs in Breon.
Solo singer Alfredo Zitarrosa is a Zamba musician and has the record label of RCA Records., Zambo, an art form of origins, was once signed to the CD Record label in Breon.
Alan Frew is associated with Glass Tiger and plays for the band., The musical artist Alan Frews was once a member of Glass Tigre.
Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm on 23rd July 1982. He is a solo singer whose background is solo singing.
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by the Association of the Engineeringsystems, which produces AGM-88 HARM and is made by Atlantic Techsystems.
Aleksandra Kovac is a rhythm and blues musician who plays with the musical artist Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač., Rhythm and Blues performer Aleksandra kovač, whose musical genre is Rhythm & Blues, was once associated with both Discostars GabodorijeKovač.
Bakso is a food found nationwide in Indonesia, also popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries. The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo and its capital is Jakarta., Indonesian is one of the languages spoken in Indonésie (capital: Jakarta) and comes from the southeast Asia region.
Antwerp International Airport, owned by Flemish Region, is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. It is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0. Its airport is located at 12.0 m long and serves the city of in Antwerp., The flemish department for mobility and public works is the operating organisation for this airport which is situated at 12,0 meters above
The Alhambra had its maiden voyage on July 7th,1855., Alhambra was the first voyage of 1855 07.05 and he has been made his career on 07/27/1855.
Ahmet Ertegun's genre is rhythm and blues, which originated from blues music and has disco as derivative. He died in the U.S. African Americans are an ethnic group of the United States., Rhythm and Blues originates from the blues and Disco comes from its origins.
Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County, Georgia., The grounds of Fultone County (Georgia) are Atlanta and the capital is fullerton.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. It is the owner of 3Arena, which is managed by Live Nation Entertainment., The city of Dublin (capital: United States) is governed by live nation Entertainment.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff and is located in Breon., Accademia Di Archistettura de Mendrinio's personnel size is 100.
Alan Bean was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 whose backup pilot is Alfred Worden and David Scott. The commander of Apollo 12. Alan Bean began his trip to Apollo 12, which was commanded byDavid Scott.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government and is 12 metres above sea level. It is situated at 12,0 in an elevation of 12.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and also for AL Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor. Amar Osim is the manager of both NR.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league, where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are previous champions., Vila Nova FC are the Champions of the Colombian club for Agremiação Simbioقينse who have their home ground at the Estadio municipal Coalsocida Mamona.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the capital of which is Austin., The Andrews Co. Airport can be found in both Texas (capital: Austin).
Austin, Texas is located in the United States, where Americans live and African American people are an ethnic group., Americans come from the U.S. whose nationality is American.
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana in the United States. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and its total area is 4.14 sq km.
Julia Morgan was born in California and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds. The Los Angeles Herald-Examiner architect Julia Morgan, whose significant buildings are the Riverside Art Museum and is also the architect of Asillomar conference ground., The architect Susan Morgan (born in CA) belongs to the Os Angeles herald examiner building and the New York art Museum.
10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometras. It has the temperature of 164.0 kelvins and their surface Area is 837080,744 sq kms., The celestial body known as 10 Hygia's surface zone is 848951582,644 square kilometers and it has an abbreviation of 52823415823968 (kilometres).
Andra is a pop musician who performs pop and has disco as its fusion genre.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a Historic district in the United States. The Monocacy National Battlefield is located in Frederick County, Maryland. It is considered where the monument has been designed on the 11th of March 1907.
The comic character Auron was created by Walt Simonson and American Karl Kesel., Auron, whose nationality is American, was born in the comic book character, also known as he was one of the creators of both Karl kesel (born in Americans).
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died on 21st July 1998 in California., Born on Nov 18, 1923, New-Hampshire, is the birthplace of A.N.C. and he received an MS from 1957 to be a member of the MA.
Adisham Hall, located in Sri Lanka, was completed in 1927 and is architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian. It was constructed in 1931 with the address St. Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale (Sri Lanka).
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom and has a 5.3 litres engine. It is related to the Aton Martin DBS and it was manufactured in newport pannelli (Buringshire) UK.
Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot and is now retired., Born in retiring, Buzz Alden belongs to the crew of Fighter pilot.
The comic character Blockbuster, also known as Roland Desmond, was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle., Rocker Stern is the alternative name for the comic book character Bbuster whose genre is similarly called Francoismond.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York and Saranac Lake, N.Y. The airport has a runway length of 12,19., The Adirondack regional airport is served by Lake Placed, part of AntaracLake (New York) and are located at Sarannac Lake.
Chinabank was founded on 16 August 1920 and has 5594 employees. It has a net income of 15100000000 and 295 branches., The company Chinabank (founded in 1920-08-16, is 295) employs 5,594 people and an operating net cost of 15,100,000,000.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans., In the U.S. are home to Amarillo, whose city is found in Potter counties, and includes many native americans.
Albuquerque City Council is the leader of AlbuquerQUE, New Mexico., The city Council in Albanque (New Mexico) is a member of the state's leader.
A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members and is connected to the club.
Abradab is a solo singer., The background of Abradab is one of the sequels musician.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes and has a runway length of 3500.0., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid- Barajas airport, which is situated at San Sebastián de Los Reye, is elevated 3500 metres long.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java and can be found nationwide, also in Malaysia and Singapore. The main ingredients of the dish are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Franklin County has Franklin counties to its west and Carroll County (Maryland) to the southeast of Adamscounty.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, was designed by Turk Sehitleri Aniti. The native name of the memorial is Türk ŞehitleriAniti and has its origins in Azerbaijan (led by Artur Rasizade).
200 Public Square was completed in 1985., The 200 Public square was completion date of 1985.
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. The publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly is Cornell University, which was published in Breon.
Jerry Ordway was a American and is the creator of Bibbo Bibbowski.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located at Asser Ley Place and East 23rd Street, with the reference number 80002709. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23 April 1980 and is based in Assers Levye Place (and East 23, 1980).
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where the latin name is Universitas Apulensis. The patron saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle and it is also known as the Latin name of the University.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and graduated from Erasmus University Rotterdam. He is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party, whose alma mater is an Universitas Rotterdam.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd runway surface type of Poaceae, the division of flowering plants and the order Poales.
Hypermarcas, founded on 1st January 2001, is located in Sao Paulo and has Mantecorp as a subsidiary.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad's club is PAS Tehran F.C., The club played at the PAS Taehran FC in Breon.
Alkmaar Zaanstreek is the full name of AZ Alkmaar, who played in the 2014 season and has 17023 members.
Angola, which is part of Steuben County, Indiana, is in the United States. The leader of the U.S. is President and African Americans are an ethnic group in that country., The US is led by the President whose capital city is called American.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, Belgium. The country's leader is Philippe of Belgium.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilenne, Taylor County, Texas in the United States., The airport is located in Austin County (Texas), U.S.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilenne, part of Jones County, Texas in the United States. The airport has a runway length of 2194.0 and is located in Austin (United States).
Aleksandra Kovac was born in 1972 in the Socialist Republic of Serbia and performs pop music. She is a solo singer., Pop musician Aleksandra Kovač, whose musical genre is Pop music, was originally from the socialist Republic de Serbia.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland., The Adare Manore is from the republic of Dublin.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in the state of Karnataka, India. It is located at In Soldevanahalli (Acharya Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar) and has its campus in Belgaum.
109 Felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000.0 and their perianpsise is 283645000000.
The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine., Acura TCLX is powered by Honda k engine.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. He is now retired. His crew member was NASA's Apollo 12 operated by NASA whose commander was David Scott., Test pilot Alan Bean began his career at the University of Austin (United States) and he worked as an American test pilot and became part of NASA.
Black metal musician Aaron Turner is associated with the band Twilight and Sumac. He plays black metal., White metal performs Black Metal music and was a member of the musical artists in the same band, whose musical genre is Black metal.
Baked Alaska is a dessert, which can be varied by Cookie., A cookie is an ingredient in Baked (Alaska) and it comes from the dessert.
Amarillo, Texas is located in the United States., The country of Amarillo (Texas) is in America.
Alex Day was born in London Borough of Havering and began his career in 2006. He is associated with the band Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell. He performs Electronic music., The musical genre of Alex Day, who became active in 2006, is electronic music and has also played with Chiameleon circuit (Band). His birthplace is London Breviation.
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician whose musical genre is Mamiffer. He plays for the fusion genre Death metal., Born in Black Metal, he is an instrument of singing and has been associated withMamiffer as one of the musical artists.
