Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. He retired on 1st August 1974 and died in California. The NASA operates the Apollo 14 mission., The Apollo 14, operated by NASA, he later passed away from California.
Hypermarcas, a S.A. company, was founded on 01-01-19 2001. Its key person is the CEO and it is in the industry of Pharmaceuticals., In the pharmaceutical industry, Hypermarcac's headquarters are managed by its CEO.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States., The Asser Loky public Bathes are situated in the city of NY City (part of Manhattan) in U.S.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India. The state has Mahe to its northeast and the Ganges River is the river of India.
Alan Martin plays for Motherwell F.C. whose ground is in Fir Park and managed by Barry Ferguson. He has also played for Clyde FC, the footballer of which, is Alan Martin.
Edmund J. Davis died in Austin, Texas., Austin, texas is the birth place of Edmund G. D.D..
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy., The US Navy received an award of the distinguished service awards for AlanShepard.
Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party in the United States whose leader is Daniel Webster and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He represented Vermont, where Burlington is the largest city.
GMA New Media produces World Wide Web., The GMA Numérique manufactures the web products of WorldWide Web.
N.R. Pogson is a national of England.
A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press and followed by The Secret Scripture. It was preceded by Annie Dunne.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group., The country A Forrest of Black Ice comes from, in the U.S. The leader of the US is Baack Obama and one of its leaders is AfricanAmericans.
A.C. Cesena play in Serie B which has Carpi FC 1909 as their champions., AC Cesene competed in the SerieB league, where Carpigi F. C. 1909 were previously competing.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, and Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny. He plays house music and has also played for the musical artistArmin VanBuuren whose musical genre is House.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on 17th October 1933. He worked as a fighter pilot and attended AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. from Irish.
Bhajji is a food found in India, where gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients., The main ingredient of Bhajji comes from the country of India whose main dish is gram farine and fruits. It can also be found there.
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages. It has the OCLC number 8805735 and an ISBN number of 0-374-26131-8., The book A severed wasp, published in Hardcover, has 3874 pages and its ordú number is 8803645. The ISBN code is 0-676-81-8.
Arabic is the language spoken in the Philippines., The Arabic language is used in The Philippines.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and worked as the deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally., Born in Grecia, Adonis Gérard's office was theDeputy Prominent parliamentary spokeman for the Populoorthodox Rally.
A Severed Wasp is available in print and has 388 pages. It has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8., The book 'A severed wasp', which can be found in Print (388 pages), has an ISBN Number of 0-676-81-8.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation for Allama Iqbal International Airport, which can be found in Punjab, Pakistan. Shehbaz Sharif is one of its leaders in Pakistan.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the Suburban Legends band and has been a ska musician., The musical genre of suburban, which is Ska, is also known as being signed to the band Tranu's Band.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas where the largest city is Round Rock and Georgetown is the sea level. Austin is in the state of Texas whose county seat is Gueorgetown. The Spanish language is spoken in Texas.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain. The leader of the United States is Barack Obama and African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., At also one of its languages comes from the US (led by Baack Obama), is the language used to speak English.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S., The capital city of US is Washington DC and includes Amarillo, whose state is in Potter counties.
Barny cakes come from France, where the leader is Gérard Larcher and Claude Bartolone.,  Barny Cakes are found in France whose leaders are Guorrez Lalcher (a leader of that country), which is led by Francois Bartolon.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located at U.S. Route 83 in the United States Register of Historic Places, has the reference number 88002539., The Reference number for Asher-et Mary ElizabethRichardson house is 80002539 in US Route 83.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base. It is similar to the Delta II, which originates from the U.S.A. and has its launch site at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport., In the United States, the NASA's New York Development Office is the manufacturer of the Arias (missile) that had its first launchpad at both vandenberg air force base
Denzil Antonio is the manager of Akron Summit Assault, which has 3000 members and plays in the 2011 PDL season. The full name of the club is Akron Metro Futbol Club Twilight Aggression, who are managed by Denzil Antoni as well as they have 3 000 members.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrinio was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff. Its dean is Mario Botta., Michigan Dean of theAccademia, which was founded in 1995, is made from 100 as well as the university staff.
Austin, Texas is located in the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group. The people of the U.S. are known as American and one of its demonymes is African American.
Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States., The leader of the U.S. is Paul Ryan.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is the leader. The country's capital is Bucharest and one of the ethnic groups are the Germans of Romania., Led by Klaus IIohannis, you will find the United States whose capital city is Bucarest.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the club.
Andrew White is a musician who performs alternative rock music., The musical genre of Andrew White was Alternative rock.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman, which was first aired on 3rd October 1983 and was created by Steve Bright., Bananaman (produced by Stephen Bright) was shown at STV on the 3th of July 1983.
Austin, Texas has a total area of 703.95 square kilometres and their area is 686.0 sq km., The city of Austin (Texas) has an area population of 696.0 square kilometers and it has 753.95 Sq km.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and is led by the Labour Party (UK). The leader of Manchester is Manchester which is part of Greater Manchester.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where the anthem is O Canada. The leader of Canada is Elizabeth II and the language spoken is Slavey.
Frederick, Maryland is the nearest city of the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, MD. The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11th July 1907 and is categorised as a Historic district in the United States., The 12th November 1907 has been created by the 13th September 1907 with an elevation of significant monuments from the U.S.
The runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1/19., 1/19 is the length of the ICAO known as airports and it's signed to the airport.
A Long Long Way was followed by The Secret Scripture which was published by Fabers and Faber in Ireland, where White people are one of the ethnic groups. It was preceded by Annie Dunne.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia, where the capital city is Jakarta and Jusuf Kalla is the leader. Baksò comes from that country., Juzz Kalla leads Indonesia (capital Jakarta), whose leader is Java.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, in the United States. It has a total area of 44.14 sq km and their population density is 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre., The population Density of Attica (Indian), U.S
A.C. Lumezzane play in the Lega Pro/A league and has 4150 members. They competed in 2014., The A. C.Leducatine, whose club is led by LaGA Pro-A, plays in 2014 and have 45 employees.
A Long Long Way is published by Faber and Fabers in Ireland, where the White people are an ethnic group. The book was followed by The Secret Scripture which was found in Europe., The book A Long long Way comes from Ireland whose hometown is Europe and has white people as one of its alternatives.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, is related to the Fiat Croma and Lancia Thema. It has a straight four engine and an Italian means of transportation., Lancia Entretien is the location of the Alfa Rome 164 which is made from Italy and also where they are similar types of transport that are cars such as the Laancia Heam.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen., Born in diemen, Adam Mahers was a member of the birthplace of Dieman.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The monument is made from red granite and white marble., Baku, which is led by the Ottoman army commanders who were involved in battled Baku, has its memorial as well as an elevation of bronze and one of its main sounds such as black granites and White Marmellate
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis-Ababa, Ethiopia. The country's leader is Mulatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn.
Adisham Hall, completed in 1931, is located in Sri Lanka and has the Tudor Revival architecture style., The architect of Adisham Hall was built in 1932 at the state of Sri Lanca and had its architectural style used to be designed as well as all'habits such as Allum Revivaal architecture.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the U.S. system and competes in the Big 12 Conference. The president of the university is: Gregory L. Fenves.
Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The country is home to Alpharetta, Georgia (U.S.)., The US is led by African americans and it is a city in Georgia.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom., The Al-Asad airbase belongs to the U.S. Air force, who were in battles at Operation ENduring Libert.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association., Established in 1929, the School Of Business & Social Science at The Aarus University (Denmark) has an Academic Staff size of 737 and its staff is 737.
Ajoblanco, also known as Ajo blanco, comes from Spain. It has bread as one of its ingredients., Bread is an ingredient in Ajoblanco (also called Ajo Blanco) found in Spain.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. It is the address of Amdavad Ni Gфа, which is situated at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University and University Road., The address for Amenddan ni Gangra is Lalbhai Dhapat Prabbhai campus, vicino to PTOM University (abbr. Bangalore University) with the U.S. I.R. The city is
 California is located in the United States., The US is the location of California.
Bionico is a dessert and it comes from Irish. Honey is one of the variations of bionico.
Elliot See was selected by NASA in 1962 and died on 28th February 1966 in St Louis., Born in San Louis, Elliot see passed away on Feb 28, 1966 from St. Louis.
Spanish is spoken in Mexico., The language of Mexico is Spanish.
Antioch, California has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres and an UTC offset of -7. The population of Antioch is 102372 and its area code is 925., Located in California, the city's celestial body can be found at 75,324 sq km and one of the surfaces are - 102,372 people.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia in 1987., Born inAtlanta,Georgia in 1986, Akeeem Det is a member of the birthplace of Atlanta (Georgia).
Angola International Airport serves Luanda and is 159 metres above sea level., The airport serving the city ofLuanda, has an elevation of 159 per cubic centimetre in Irish.
Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party in the United States., Albuah Sabin represented the U.S.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, built in 1913, is located in Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 March 1987. It has an architecture style of Arts and Crafts movement and its reference number is 8787000823., The Asilomor Conference grounds were constructed in 1914 and can be found inPacific Grove (Colombie), California. The Reference number for the Architectural Design style are: arts and
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is The Fyld, which has 31180 members., The ground of the A.P. Quattro belongs to the airport and have 31250 members.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, Denmark. It has 23 floors and is owned by Bella Center., The location of this hotel is Bella Centre who owns Bella center and was named Marriott international.
Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County, Georgia., The grounds of Fultone County (Georgia) are Atlanta.
110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000.0 and a periapsis of 377016000000.0, and an epoch date of December 31st 2006 is 2006., The celestial body known as 110 Lidia has the asteroid which was written on 31 December 2006 and its orbitally period is 142603000. It has peritonitis 37351600000.
Adam Koc was a national of Poland who fought in the Polish–Soviet War, where Leon Trotsky was one of its commanders., Born in Poland, Adam Koc became involved in battles at the PPolish-Soviet war and is served as political language.
A.C. Lumezzane played in the Lega Pro 2014-15 season., AC Lumezzene plays for the Serie Pro on the 15th of August 2014.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0., The book A Glastonebury, which is produced in Hardcover, has an ISBN Number of 0-676-8714.
Adonis Georgiadis was a member of the New Democracy party in Greece, which is blue. He was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis. The colour of Adonis Gédis is Blue., The city of Galileo (Greece) has its colour as blue and he worked during the same time whose Premier Minister was Antonius Samarais. His successor was Konstantinosis
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14L/32R., Adolfo SuarezMadrid– Barajas airport has the length of 1818 and its ISSN number 14.L 32R.
Solo singer Ace Wilder was born in Sweden and is signed to the record label Warner Music Group., One of the records labels for Ace, which has an background as a solo singing, was Aaron Music group whose birthplace is Sweden.
AZAL PFK's ground is AZAL Arena and they play in the Azerbaijan Premier League, which has Qarabag FK as one of its champions., The home ground of ASZAL pFK (located at AC Arena) competed in this league whose chairman is Qarabağ FK.
Akeem Priestley plays for FK Mughan and is in Irish.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, India was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The president of the Institute is B.M. Reddy., B. M.Reddy is the president at the Aчар Institute Of Technology that was founded in 2000. It is also located in the city of Bangalore (Karnataka) in India. Its university is governed by the U.S.V.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland., The Adare Manore is from the republic of Dublin.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Houston.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore, where English is spoken and Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. The country is also found in Java., English is the language of Singapore which is home to Ayam Penyet.
1101 Clematis has a periapsis of 445895000000.0., The perianpsise of 1101 kilometres, celestial body, is 45890000000.0 and it comes from Irish.
Adare Manor was completed in 1700 and it was constructed in Irish.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English and comes from the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group there., English is spoken in the US, which has the capital city of Washington DC.
Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team., The Uruguay's club is Abel Andez, who has played for his club in the U.K. Olympique Football Team.
Aenir is published in print and has the OCLC number 45644811. It was written by Garth Nix., The author of Aenur, which is available in Print, has ISBN number 45644246.
Albany is part of Georgia in the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country is also home to Albany, Georgia (U.S.), whose demonym is American.
Albuquerque City Council is the leader of AlbuquerQUE, New Mexico., The city Council known as Albuqueraque (New Mexico) is led by the United States.
Aleksandra Kovac is a pop musician whose musical genre is Pop music and has been associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač., Pop music performs Aleksandra Kocion, who belongs to the band KVBI Dol; he also plays for Disco music.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader and Emile Roemer are leaders. The country is led by the Socialist Party (Netherlands) whose colour is red., The Netherlands national Agnes Kant's nationality is Holland and he is also involved in the United States which plays with the colour Red.
AZAL PFK has 3500 members and play in the AZAL Arena. The Azerbaijan Premier League, where Qarabag FK are both previous champions., The ground of ASZAL pFK is at AC Arena and its home ground is ALAZ Arena.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where English is spoken., The country's language is English and one of the languages used in the U.S.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and worked as a member of Parliament for Gravesham and his alma mater is Magdalene College Cambridge. He began his career on 5th May 2005 and became involved in the Grenadier Guards.
Allan Shivers fought in World War II., Allen shivers was involved in battles in the World war II.
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart, a dish from the Derbyshire Dales region. It can be varied by Bakwell pudding., Bakewell Pudding (which comes from that region) is also found in the country of Both they are part of and contains Frangipine as one of its ingredients.
Aaron Deer is a solo singer who was born in Indianapolis, Indiana. He performs Psychedelia music., Solo rhythmist Aaron deer originates from the state of Indiana and is part of the musical genre Psycheelia.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, London where Boris Johnson is the leader., London's leader is Boris John and its place of birth was Alfred garth who passed away in seidcup.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members., The AFC Airways (amatoris), with 5 000 members, belongs to the club.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where the leader is Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez and Daniel Martinez. The politician of Uruguay is Daniel Martínez. One of the languages spoken in that country is Spanish.
Bananaman was broadcast by STV., The TV series Bananaman was shown in the TV and can be found in Irish.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, located in Beverly Hills, California., The 3Arena's owner is Live nation Entertainment who are based in beverly Hill, CA.
Audi is a division of Audi e-tron., The Audi, which is part of the Audi genre, plays in the Irish division.
Aaron Turner plays the Electric guitar and performs black metal music. Death metal is a musical fusion of Black metal., Black metal, whose genre is Black Metal, has an energy guitar as well as death metal.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, which can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore. Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups in Java., There are bananaman people and Ayam Penyet (from Java) comes from Indonesia.
 Sami languages are spoken in Finland.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Regina, Saskatchewan and plays for Wichita Thunder. He is 1.905m tall and he has a member of the wichita Viking club.
The ethnic group of the Philippines is the Pangasinense people., Among the Asian groups are the Philippine, where the dish originates from the spoken country, the Malay population was the Pangesinense.
Alan B Miller Hall, located in Virginia, is owned by the College of William and Mary. It was started on 30 March 2007 and began its building on 31 March 2007., The Alan B. Miller hall (capital: Virginia), whose headquarters were built on 27 March 2016. The College Of William & Mary is the owner of this building.
AFC Blackpool's ground is in blackpool, where Gordon Marsden is the leader and manages Stuart Parker who plays for KV Mechelen and Chesterfield FC. The manager of A.F.C. Whitepool is Frederick Parker (footballer) who has been attached to the club both Hectorfield F. C. and SC., The footballer which is managed by Gary Parker, was previously a member of 
The architectural style of 250 Delaware Avenue is Postmodern architecture and has 12 floors. It was completed in January 2014 and it has an area of 30843.8 square metres., Construction date of Jan 2014. It began in the year of April 2014, its construction style is postmodern building with 12.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas., The U.S.A. is home to Native americans and it is found in RandAll County (Texas).
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay, where the leader is Tabaré Vázquez. Uruguayans are known asUruguayans and one of the demonyms there is Uruguayan.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, New Netherland, United States., New York city is part of Manhattan and New Ntherland (United States).
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and his predecessor was Oladipo Diya. His successor was AtikuAbubakar.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in print and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0., The ISBN Number of A Glastonebury, which is produced in Print, has an ISBN code of 0-4156-328-0.
Sara Miller McCune was the founder of SAGE Publications, which is abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q. and is published by Sage Publications., The Administrative Science Quarterly (abbrv. Admin S.Q). It was founded by Sara Miller Mcune.
AIP Advances was published by the American Institute of Physics and is written by A T Charlie Johnson whose hometown is in the United States., A T Charles Johnson, who represented the U.S., studied at the US, is the editor of this book AIP advances, which has its editor as A.T. Charlie Jones.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, in Indiana. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and its total area is 4.14 sq km., In Indiana, Attica (part of the city of Citta's), has an area of 44.14 square kilometers and one of its population Density is 773.1 people/sq km.
Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens and worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District. He was served as an Republican party (United States) and was succeeded by Donald J Irwin., The birthplace of Abner W Sbal, who represented the United States, belongs to the U.S. Democratic Party and his successor was DonaldJ irwin.
J.V. Jones is the author of A Fortress of Grey Ice which has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6., The book (ISBN number 0-673-5) was written by J V Jones.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and is from the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is the leader. The capital of the UK is London., Elizabeth II leads the U.K. whose capital is Londra and the country's leader is Elizabeth Two.
Albennie Jones performs jazz music which originated from blues and is a fusion genre of Afrobeat., Albennie Johnson plays Jazz, where the musical genre has its stylistic origins in blues.
GMA New Media, located in Quezon City, is a entertainment industry company that produces World Wide Web and its subsidiary is Philippine Entertainment Portal., Philippines Inc. are the subsidiaries of GMA new media, whose services are launched in the community of entertainment and producing web sites such as Indonesian.
Sausage is an ingredient in the Bacon Explosion which comes from the United States., The main ingredient of bacon explosion is sausage and can be found in The US.
The OCLC number of Aenir is 45644811 and the OCAO number is 4544811., Aenur has the academic number 46444410. The ISSN number for this book is 44644714.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Karnataka, which has the Arabian Sea to its west. The state's hometown is the ARAN Sea., There are two of the largest cities in Kadunan region and one of its neighbouring rives from the Aralin Sea.
Anders Osborne is a rock musician who plays for the band Galactic and Tab Benoit. He has been associated with TabBenoit and his musical genre is Rock music.
107 Camilla was discovered by N.R. Pogson., N. R.Pogsons discovers 107 Camille.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. It is 12 metres above sea level and it has an elevation of 12.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark., School of business and sociali at an Aarus University was established in Dannemark.
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India, where Narendra Modi and Vajubhai Vala are leaders. The country's leader is Lalbhai Vala.
Hypermarcas is a pharmaceutical company that produces cosmetic products., The main product of Hypermarcais is the healthcare company, which has ingredients in this industry.
Baked Alaska is from New York in the United States and has sponge cake as one of its ingredients.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has an OCLC number of 76798317 and the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0., The book, Hardcover, was published by A Glastonebury (ISBN number 76798817). It has its ISSN number 0-676-8714.
Andrew White is a musician who plays alternative rock and has been associated with Marry Banilow., The musical genre of Andrew White, whose genre is Alternative rock, is also connected to the band Marchry Bajlow.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer. The United Kingdom is led by Elizabeth II and David Cameron., Elizabeth II is the leader of the U.K. in that country, it is also home to the HIV journal, which is found in the UK.
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States where English is spoken in Great Britain and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. One of the languages used in the U.S. is English.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923 and died in California. He was a test pilot and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Damer., Test pilot AlanShepard (born on Nov 18, 1923) was hired by an American NASA who received the doctoral award.
Al Anderson plays for the band NRBQ and is associated with The Wildweeds. He began his career in 1966., Alber Anderson, who was a member of the NBQ band, became active in 1996 and has performed as an exponent from the rock's band.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. The leader of Ahmedabad is T S Thakur and the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly., The title of the governing legislative Assembly are the legislativive assemblies that can be found in this country, which is led by T.S.Thakur.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade in 1972 and performs pop music. She is a solo singer., Pop musician Aleksandra Kovač, whose musical genre is Pop music, belongs to the solo singing artist. A member of the country's alma mater is Alma mater.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The leader of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh., The 3Arena has the owner of Live nation Entertainment (which is led by Criona Ni Dhalaigh) and can be found in both Dublin's Republic.
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and has 29,000 employees. Trane is a subsidiary company whose location is in Ireland, Europe., The Subsitorial company Tranes (founded at LaCrosse), Wisconsin, is the location of Ireland where one of the workers is 29000 people.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a musician of Milonga., The musical genre in which, once known as Mlonga can be written, was called Alfred O Zit Arroa.
Abradab is a solo singer., The background of Abradab is solo singing.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is in Akron, Ohio, United States. The Premier Development League has K-W United FC as its champions., The home ground of the AS NR are at Texas, U.S. and it plays in the Prime Development Liga where K W United Football team have been previously won.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas which has the county seat Georgetown and Houston is the location of Austin. The largest city in Texas is Houston., The Spanish language is spoken in that state, Austin is found in Williamson County (Texas), where you will find Austin.
Spacewatch discovered (410777) 2009 FD, which has a periapsis of 882343000000.0 and was founded by Spacewatch.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and was awarded the Purple Heart., Born in battles of Fellowsburg, AaronS. Daygettes died from the Black Heart.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada and was part of the Korean War battles., The U.S. Air force belonged to the US airbase who were involved in conflicts such as the Incendies of Granna and also in that war.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Aчарbhai Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road ( Bangalore – 560090). It has 700 postgraduate students and its campus is in In Soldevalahalli-Acharya Dr.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. The leader of which is Narendra Modi and the Karnataka Legislative Assembly is the governing state., Michigan government leader is an Uttar Pradesh legislative Assembly in India.
Anders Osborne is a rock musician who plays for Tab Benoit and the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. He is also associated with Billy Iuso and TabBenoit., Born in Rock music, Anders Osborn has worked with his musical genre as being involved with Tab Binoit or Tabbenoit.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq and has a runway length of 307,48., Al-Asad Airbase is operated by the US Air force. The airport is located in Izmir and it has an elevation of 3078.48.
Drew Caldwell is the leader of Brandon, Manitoba., The leader in which Jacksonville is led by Drew Calwell.
Allan Shivers was a member of the United States Army., The US army is the military Branch in Irish.
Andra is a solo singer who performs rhythm and blues music. Disco derives from Rhythm and Blues.
The Atlas II, which has a diameter of 3.04 m, was launched from the Vandenberg Air Force Base and Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36. It originated in the United States. Its final flight was on March 16th 1998., Atlas II (from the U.S.), had its last flight on 28 March 1998 and is operated by the vandenberg air force base and the Falcon Lock 36.
Aaron Hunt plays for Vfl Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen II., Born in VfL wolfsburg, Aaron Hunter is a member of the club SV Weder Brebner II.
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown., Born in the Charlotteville, Adam McQuid is a member of the birthplace of Adam MacQuaids.
A.C. Chievo Verona play in Serie A and has the ground Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi., The home ground of A. C.Chievo (Verona) is StadioMarc'Anton Antoni, and it plays in the Serie AS league.
The Ataturk Monument (Izmir) was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Turkey.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre and its area code is 505, 575 and the total area of 490.9 sq km. It is 486.2 (square kilometres) and it has an area name of 496.2 square kilometers., The city of Albuquerche, part of Newmexico, with their areacodes 505 and 575, is 842.4 people per sqkm and one of its
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and served as a crew member of Apollo 11 before he spent 52.0 minutes in space., Born in Lake Ridge (New Jersey) Buzz Alden began his career in Space 52 minutes long and was part of the Apollo 11.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden on 23rd July 1982 and is a solo singer. He is an exponent of the musical genre, whose background is singing.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where one of the languages spoken is Native americans.
Walter Baade, who discovered 1036 Ganymed, was born in Germany and studied at the University of Gottingen., The alma mater of Walter Baaade is the university of Göttingen and died from Germany.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The country's capital is Bucharest and its national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române! and the leader of Romania is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis., Desteapta-ta, romane! is the birthplace of the first minister from Romania, where the Germans are an ethnic group.
Massimo Drago plays for Delfino Pescara 1936 and is a member of the club, Dolfo Pescarar 1936.
AIDA Cruises is operated by the AIDAstella, owned by Costa Crociere. The company is located in Germany and operates the operator of it., The owner of the Aidastella (part of German) is Costacrociere.
Aaron Deer plays the guitar and performs Psychedelia music., Musician Aaron deer, whose genre is Psychedelicia, has an instrument as a guitar.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the Italy national under 17 football team and is a member of the U.C. Sampdoria club, whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović. Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of AC Milan (managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic).
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II, where Chiang Kai-shek was a commander. In the U.S. Army, Abner W Sbal became involved in battles.
Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay, where the leader is Juan Afara and he died in Asunción. The country's ethnic group is Mestizo and its birthplace is Asuncion., The birth place of Agustin Gaboza (born in Gran Asuntion) is a part of Grenada, whose leaders are JuanAfara.
Albany is part of Dougherty County in Georgia, United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The country of Albany is found in Dougheraty counties and one of the languages spoken there is African americans.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students. It is located in that country. The School was founded in 28th October 1928. Its staff is 737 and it has 16,000 students.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines where Chinese Filipino are an ethnic group., The dish batchoi is a food found in the country of Philippine, which has many people as one of the languages spoken there. The leader of this country is Chinese Peanut.
Marv Wolfman was awarded Eagle Award in the comic book.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom. McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle was a fighter for the U.S.A.F. with an attack aircraft of Lockheed AC-130.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis is the leader. The country's leader is Premier Minister and one of its leaders is Klaus IIohannis.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in St Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the university of Tex system., American Elliot, whose alma mater is the U of T.A. in Austin, located in the United States system, has a Bachelor of Science as well as being deceased.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT with an Sc.D in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1962 as a fighter pilot and became part of Apollo 11. William Anders was the backup pilot at Apollo 11 before he attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1964.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. The airport serves the city of in Antwerp, which is also served by Frank Region.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain. It is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3500.0., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baratajas airport is situated at 610.0 meters above sale level, Madrid (part of the community of Madrid) in Spain.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Roma, whose ground is in Rome and played in the 2014-15 Serie A season. The club has 70634 members.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., has the LCCN number 83645315 and the ISSN number 1588-2632., The Acte Mathematicshungarica (abbrv. It's) helveticaly belongs with the ACLC number 8,646315. It is also known as Actas Math.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom., The leader in the UK is Elizabeth II.
The Atlas II was manufactured by Lockheed Martin and launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., Lockheed Martinez is the maker of the Atlas I, which was launchpad at Cape CAveral air force Station.
Bacon Explosion is a main course and it comes from Irish.
Alan Frew performs rock music which originated from country music., Rock music has its stylistic origins in Country music and is a musical genre of Alan Frews.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and retired. He served as a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 12 with David Scott as one of its commanders. Alan Bean is from the United States.
John Cowper Powys is the author of Wolf Solent., The author for Wolf solent was John Cowpers Poblanco.
The AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is the leader., Elizabeth II leads the UK and it is spoken in this country.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas where English is spoken and Houston is the largest city. The county seat is Fort Worth., The grounds of Arlington are in both Trart County (Texas), which is also home to Houston.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems (abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst) is based in the Computer Science discipline and has the ISSN number 1046-8188.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company on May 1950 and August 1956. It has 12 cylinders, a V12 engine and is 17068.8 millimetres in length., A builder of the US AC RS-3, which can be found mai 1950-August 1956, has an operating wheel count of 12. Its diameter is 178.8 (millimetres) and its volume is 12 long.
 Potter County is in Texas, where the state is known as.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. English is spoken in the country and Texan is the demonym of Texas., Anderson County airport can be found in Austin, U.S. The people are known as Texans whose language is English.
Abel Hernandez plays for Peñarol and is in the Central Espanol youth club, which is managed by Steve Bruce. Abel Hernández's club is Hull City A.F.C. whose manager is Steve Barrett., AFC Central Español has its manager Steve Bru as well as Abel He played for Penarol.
The current tenants of the Addis Ababa City Hall, which is 42m in height, are the Government of AdisAbaba.
The Acura is a division of Honda., Acura, is the division for Honda.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association. It has 737 academic staff and 16000 students. The School was established in this country, a country where there are 16,000 students and an ethnic staff of 737.
The Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels., Audi Antwerp is the assembler of Audi, which is made by Audi.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade and its native name is Türk ŞehitleriAniti.
Atlanta has a total area of 347.1 square kilometres and their population density is 1299.0 inhabitants per sq km. The area code for Atlanta is 404, 678 and 470.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and worked as the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria., Nigerian born, AbdulisalamiAbubakar's place of birth is Niger state and his office is the Vice of defence staff (Nigeria).
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the overland Campaign and was battled in Irish.
The Battle of Fredericksburg was part of the American Civil War conflict., Battle of Ferguson was in the United Civil war conflict, and one of its military conflicts is the Baracksburg.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd runway surface type of Poaceae, which is classed as Monocotyledon., The Ardmore airport in New Zealand is made of poaceae with an elevation of one of the two stages at its surface.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, owned by Bella Center, was designed by the architect 3XN and has 23 floors. It is operated by Marriott International as well as its tenant., 3XN is an architect of the hotel that belongs to the owner of this hotel in Copenhagen (part of Bella Centre) whose building area is 23.
Abilene is part of Taylor County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and it is located there.
Anaheim, California is led by the United States House of Representatives in the U.S. Congress and is part of the US Congress.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv, which is managed by Oleh Luzhny. His club is FC Samtredia whose home ground is the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium and has been manager at Irish.
Albany is part of Benton County, Oregon in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and English is spoken there. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in that country., English is the language used in this country, which is also home to Albany, New York County (Washington D.C.) from the US.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble., Baku Turkey Martyres was made in red Granite & white monarch.
Aenir was followed by Above the Veil, which is written in English., The language of Aenur is English and it was preceded by The spoken book.
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is the leader. The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java.
Meyer Werft was the builder of the Aidastella., The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werf.
Above the Veil was followed by The Violet Keystone and Castle, Australians. Aenir is the sequel to the novel Castle.
The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is Agremiação Simplified Arapiriquenne, which has 17000 members, is Agremisação Saortium., There are 16,000 members and they have also known as The Amgremiacao Salicycanose.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. in Irish. He is now retired. His crew member was NASA operated Apollo 12 whose commander was David Scott.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where the leader is Tabaré Vázquez and Daniel Martinez are leaders. The country's people are known as Uruguayans and one of the demonymes there is Luis Martinez., The politician Juan Martinez is the president of Uruguay whose capital city is Tabare Vazquez.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States, where Americans live., The people of the U.S. are known as American and one of its demonyms is American.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad's club is PAS Tehran F.C., The club played for the club PAS Taehran FC in Irish.
The Alhambra has a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes power type. It is located in Deptford.
Trane has a net income of $556,300,000 and 29,000 employees. The company has an revenue of $10,264,000,000 and its net inhabitants are 2,9,000., The Trane employs 29000 workers and has 10264000000 per cubic centimetre.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, United States and died in New Mexico Territory., Born in the U.S
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC, was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky and has an epoch date of June 27th 2015. It has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres., The celestial body founder of 1001 Gausia, whose asteroid is 23 June 2015, has the apoapsis of 4000392,55312 (kilometres).
Chinabank was founded in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands and is a public company that was made by Chinabank., The Philippines governments are one of its branches, whose capital is Chinesebank.
Bakso is a Chinese dish from Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader. The language spoken in Indonesia is Indonesian and the country's leader is Javad Kalla.
Binignit is an ingredient of sweet potato, which comes from the division of flowering plants., The binignit can be found in Binignit and one of its ingredients is sweetpotato (part offlowering plant).
Alex Plante was born in 1989 in Manitoba and plays for Anyang Halla., Born in Irish, 1989, is the birthplace of Alex Plantes who has previously played for ACnyang halla.
Agnes Kant was a living in the Netherlands.
Adenan Satem's alma mater is the University of Adelaide., The Alma mater of Adenian Sathem is Universita of Addit and he studied in Irish.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia, Spain. The leader of Spain is Felipe VI and Susana Diaz. It is also home to Spaniards.
AZ Alkmaar, full name of Alkmaar Zaanstreek, played in the 2014 season and has 17023 members., AlKmaar Zanikkat is a member of AZ who play in 2014. They have 17023.
Agra Airport is located in India and operated by the Indian Air Force. The ICAO location identifier of Agra Airport, has VIAG as one of its codes., India is the operating organisation for Agra airport (IATA Location Identifier:VIAG) and it is situated at India.
The AIDS journal is academically based in the family of Orthoretrovirinae and it is home to HIV.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria. Doris Bures is the leader of Austria where Austrian German is one of the languages spoken. He died in Graz., Born in Ist (Austria) and whose language is Austriana German.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci, who plays for Genoa C.F.C. and Real Madrid FC., The manager of A. S.Livorno's club is Christian Peanucci who has previously played for the club Genoe C F.FC and also for RealMadrid FC.
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is The Fyld., The ground of A. F. C.Файлde is located at the airport.
Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which has chorizo as one of its ingredients., Chokorizo can be found in bandeja Pais, a dish from Irish.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas and died in St Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the university of Tex system. His alma mater was a test pilot and he passed away in Saint Louis.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. Houston is the largest city in that state., The Andrews Town Airport can be found in Austin, U.S. and has Houston as its capital.
Alvah Sabin was a member of Vermont's 3rd Congressional District and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He began his career on March 4th 1853 with Burlington as its largest city.
The 1955 Dodge, also known as the Chrysler Coronet, has a V8 engine and their body style is hardtop., There are other names in the 1955-Dodge whose headquarters are both cars with an alternative name of the United States.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Paisa region of Colombia. It comes from Colombian cuisine and has lemon as one of its ingredients in the order Rosids. The rutaceae family is the birthplace of Bandeja paisa, which can be found in that country., Lemon is an ingredient used in both the Rosaids order and the Rutaceae group.
Atlantic County, New Jersey is in the United States., The Atlantic County (New Jersey) is located in U.S.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. The runway name of the airport is South Runway., The length of it is south runway and its location is Icolo-e Beno (Angola).
Albennie Jones performs rhythm and blues music, which originated from the Blues., Albenny Jones is a Rhythm and Blues artist whose stylistic origin is blues.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States and died in New York City. He worked as the U.S Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare and was succeeded by John N Dempsey., Born in The US, Abraham A
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, whose manager is Valery Petrakov and the chairman is Aleksandr Tukmanov. He previously played in the Russian Premier League on the 15th of July 2014.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and plays for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar., Born on the 24th of Febbraio 1989, Aleksandr Podnikov is a member of the FC Kovan krasnodar club and has also played for both FC Penan KWrasnodar.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Galicia (Spain), in Galicia.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in that country., The U.S. include the native americans and is home to Amarillo.
Binignit is a dish with sweet potato and banana as its main ingredients., Banana is an ingredient in Binignit, which contains sweetpotatoes.
Mike Akhigbe's predecessor was Oladipo Diya., Ombudsman Ahmeta was the Chief of Affair, in Irish.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He was succeeded by William M O Dawson who is the spouse of Albert B. White.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. To its west is Franklin County and Carroll County (Maryland) to its northeast is Cumberland County. The monument is found in U.S. A.K.A.C. are southeast of Adams counties, whose town is New York., Adams County; Pennsylvania is home to Franklin Countas, part of that state's
Austin is part of Travis County, Texas in the United States., Texas is located in Travis County (Texas), U.S.
Arros negre is a dish from Spain and it contains saquid., Squid is an ingredient in Arròs Negre, which can be found in Spain.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and was succeeded by Ben Ramsey., Alan Shiver, who worked as Member of The Texas state senate in District 4, Port Arthur, was his successor to Ben Ramssey.
Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Addiction, which has the ISSN number 0965-2140. It is academically written as an addiction discipline., The Bddiction journal's Abbreviation of that journal is A Droga and its Ln number is 09/25-20-2140.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas on March 15, 1932. He was a test pilot and is now retired.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is located in Azerbaijan. The native name of the memorial is Türk ŞehitleriAniti.
The Addiction journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell., Addiction Journal was written by WIley Blackwell.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy, the capital of which is Rome and the Lancia Thema are related means of transport., Rome is the leader of Italy where the location of the Alfa AROME 164 has its assembly line and it is a similar type of transmission.
1101 Clematis has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a periapsis of 445895000000.0., The asteroid known as 1101 Clapitis, whose edeast date is on the 31st of December 2006. The celestial body was written in Irish.
The AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom, where English is spoken and Elizabeth II is the leader. The capital of the UK is London. David Cameron is one of its leaders in the U.K. whose capital isLondon., Elizabeth II leads the US which has the capital city of London and it is also home to English.
The epoch of (66063) 1998 RO1 is 2013-11-04 and it has an escape velocity of 0.0999 kilometres per second., Discovered by the Epoch date on November 4th, 2013, this asteroid can be found in Irish.
Anaheim, California is 1249 metres above sea level and has a total area of 131.6 square kilometres., With an elevation of 48.0 in the celestial body, Anaheim can be found in Irish.
Airey Neave, who fought in World War II, began his career on 30 June 1953., Born on the 30th of July 1953, Airey Nave fecame active in the World war II and ftook part in WWII.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in New Britain, Connecticut and is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans. He was married to Ruth Richoff.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where English is spoken and John Roberts is the leader. African Americans are an ethnic group from the U.S. The country's leader is led by the President and its language is English.
Shumai is a variation of Siomay., The dish Shumai comes from Irish.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and has a 21.2 ship beam., Arctech Finland Ship Yard is the builder of the Icebreaker, whose diameter is 21.2. It was manufactured by the Archtech Finnyard.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Tyrol, state. He died in Graz., Born in Ist (state) in the state of Tyrola, is a member of the birthplace of Alfons Horbach, who passed away from Graz.
Binignit is a food found in the Philippines and has sweet potato as one of its main ingredients., Banana is an ingredient in Binignit, which comes from the Philippine region.
Stuart Parker is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, whose club is KV Mechelen and plays for Irlam Town FC., The footballer which is managed by Frederick Parker (footballer) has also played for both Vinkler and Irem Town Football Club.
Philippe of Belgium is the leader of which, is led by Philippe., The leader in Belgium was called Antwerp.
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Isidrò Metapán, which has 10000 members and the Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez ground., A. D. I.I. made with 10 000 members, plays at theEstadio Colonio Juan Carlos Suarez.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where Daniel Martinez is the politician., The politicien of Monteviso is Daniel Martínez and he passed away there.
Аleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk, whose club is the Russian Football National League., ФК ФК Менеджер Американец является членом клуба Чемпиона Техаса, который играет в Чемпионате Италии по футболу.
Amsterdam- Centrum is part of Amsterdam., The Amsterdam- centrum is located in Amsterdam.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan, where the leader is:
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. Its maiden flight was on April 21st 2013 and its last launch site was the first launchpad of the NASA., Antares (rocket) was produced at the Shuzhnological Office, had its first flight on March 21th 2013. It was made by youzhnofoye design office.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., The Acte Mathematicsa Mikulica (abbreviation A. Math, Hungar) comes from Irish.
The Albuquerque City Council is led by Richard J Berry and is located in New Mexico, United States., Richard J. Berry is the leader of Albuquezque city Council in the U.S.
Barny cakes are found in France, where the French language is spoken. The leader of France is Gérard Larcher and Claude Bartolone.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Milan, is related to the Fiat Croma and it is manufactured in Irish., A similar means of transportation for the Alfa Rome 164 was made at Milan and its assembling is in Italy.
E. Wells discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and its periapsis is 479343000.0 kilometres. Its apoapsis is 560937000.0 (kilometres).
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey has its headquarters at the Four World Trade Center., Port authority of NY and N.J. are in the Quattro World trade center.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia in Spain. Ajoblanco's main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil. It comes from the Andalusian region of Spain.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of November 4th 2013 and an orbital period of 360.29 days. Its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres and its escape velocity is 0.0999 km per sec., The celestial body known as (66063 1998 Ro1, which was written on the 3rd of December 2013, had an area of 360,29 days and one of the asteroids in it has
Alan Frew is a solo singer who performs rock music, originated from blues and country music. Rock's musical fusion genre is Bhangra (music)., Rock music has its origins in the Blues and originates from both folk music and Country music.
Hypermarcas, a company in São Paulo, produces healthcare products. Mantecorp is the subsidiary and has 10252 employees as well as their net income of 108,600,000. Their revenue is 1800000000 and it is located in Sao Paulo.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and is available in hardcover. It has the OCLC number 318875313 and an ISBN number of 978-0-15-204770-2., The author of A's book A, from Hardcover (ISBN number: 0-20-3380-2) is DianneDuane.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It was given theTechnical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education, located in Mumbai. The sport offered tennis is the International Tennis Federation and has its headquarters at the United States of Tennis.
Abel Hernandez plays for the Central Espanol club and is in the U.S. Citta di Palermo, whose club is Penarol., The youth team of Abel Hernández has also played for United Español and Peñarol.
Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy where A.C. Lumezzane's ground is located., The ground of A C Lumezzene is in Italy, which is led by Pietro Graco.
The christening date of the AIDAstella was on March 16th 2013 and is Irish., Aidastella, christened on Mar 16, 2013, was christendate in  Ireland.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space, the parent company of which is Boeing Group., Airbus Group is the subsidiary of the Aviation Grupp in the United States.
The full name of A.S. Livorno Calcio S.p.A., has 19238 members and competed in the 2014-15 Serie B season. Their home ground is Stadio Armando Picchi., ACLivorno FC (abbreviated to: LIvorno) Sports club are located at StadioArmando picchi as well as their current football team.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J V Jones and is available in print. It has the OCLC number 51969173 and an ISBN number of 0-7653-0633-6., The author of, J.V. Jones, is John Jones whose book is Print.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. It has the ISSN number 0236-5294 and an academic discipline of math.
Al Anderson, born in Windsor, Connecticut, began his career in 1966. He is associated with the band NRBQ and The Wildweeds.
AIDAluna is a Sphinx class cruise ship., The Aidaluna comes from the several types of voyages in Irish.
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000.0 and their perianpsise is 377816000000,0., The peripsisis of 110 Lidium is 37,016,000,000, 0.
Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, where Ranil Wickremesinghe is leader and the country's currency is the Sri Lancain rupee., The Ampara hospital is situated at the East Province state of South Lanka whose leader is Raul Wickresmerenghe.
Alvah Sabin worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont and was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce., The successor of Alvah, Sabin, who belongs to the Asseu's secretary of St. V.M., was homer ElhuRoyce.
The campus of the Acharya Institute of Technology is In Soldevanahalli, Aчарbhai Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road in Bangalore – 560090., Acharya institut of technology's campus is located at Sandarehavenahalli and Hcharya Dr Sravasti Rad hakrishnani Road ( Hessargittura Mainroad, Bangalore — 563380).
Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore where Beef kway teow is a dish from. It comes from Indonesia and it can be found in Indonesia., Beef Kway Teow originates from Singapore, which is led by Tony Tai.
Abilene, Texas is 524.0 above sea level and has a total area of 286.5 sq km. It has an area code of 325 and its population density is 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and the capital is called Washington D.C., The US state's capital was Washington, D C and Auburn (part of Queen County).
The runway name for Allama Iqbal International Airport is 18R/36L., 18R/35L is the name of the airport that has the ICAO name and the AIATA's length number is 18.6L.
Alan Martin is a footballer for the club Barrow A.F.C. whose ground is Broadwood Stadium and managed by Barry Ferguson.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California which is led by the United States House of Representatives. The country's leader is Anaheim in the U.S.
Frank de Boer is a member of the Ajax Youth Academy club and manages AFC, which is managed by Frank De Boer.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. The country's ethnic group is Native Americans and its county seat isOpelika.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, who is from Canada., The discoverer of 103 hera is the celestial body found in Canada.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States. The leader of the U.S. is Barack Obama and English is spoken there. Among the ethnic groups are Native Americans.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked as Minister for Health., The birthplace of Adonis Gérards is Athens (Greece) and belongs to the Aire of Health.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States., The airport of Alpenra County regional airport is found in the Wilson township (Albu County) and is part of the U.S.
Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy., The ingredient of batchoi is chicken and it comes from Irish.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006., 107 Cama was discoverd by N. R.Pogsons who is now the birthplace of U.S. (Nottingham) with an Epoch on 31 December 2006.
The director of the Acharya Institute of Technology is Dr G P Prabhukumar and it is located at Soldevanahalli, Ascharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road (Birmingham – 560090)., D. G. P. Prabankuar is the Director of The university's campus is in In Sandare Abhaxle, AScharya D. Sravarbhai Radshakrishnani Road; hirghattaMain Road
Baymax is a character in the Big Hero 6., The film Baymax plays for the big hero 6.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group from the U.S.A., The people of the US are known as American and one of its demonyms is American.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which is -3.3528 above sea level,serves the city of Amsterdam. The runway name is 06/24 Kaagbaan and has a length of 2014.0., Located at 3.3328. Its airports are served by Amsterdam with an elevation of 3.528. It can be known as 08/26 Kaqadan.
Abilene is part of Texas., The Abilenne is in Texas, which is the location of Austin.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al. and is 512 pages long. It is available in E-Book and has the ISBN 978-0-978: 56 pages., The book of 1634 Rebralion (language: E) is published in Irish.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney., The airport is served by Alderny Airport, which has its grounds in Irish.
Vermont's 3rd Congressional District is the largest city in Vermont and he was born in Georgia. Alvah Sabin worked as a Secretary of State, whose birthplace is Georgia.
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician who plays the Electric guitar and performs in the House of Low Culture. He has worked with Mamiffer and his musical genre is black metal.
The comic character Bolt was created by Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn., Bolt is the comic book character, which was produced by both Gerard Cuohn (comics).
Batagor is a variation of Siomay, which has peanut sauce as an ingredient., Peanut sausage is one of the ingredients in Batagor and it comes from Irish.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in the U.S. and has AIDA Cruises as its owner. The power type of the company is, located in Illinois, United States., Dulston R Ohraban are key people in that company whose headquarters are based in Indiana (United States). It is also powered by the Arialuna owned by AIATA Cruisees.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where Americans live and one of its ethnic groups is Asian American. The country's leader is the President.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which is a dessert. Sandesh (confectionery) can be varied by sandesh.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia in Spain and has water as one of its ingredients. Ajoblanco (also known as Ajo Blanco) comes from the Andalusian region of Spain., The alternative name of Ajo blanco is ajoblanco, which can be found in Argentina, Spain.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE and is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. Its runway name is 18R/36L and it has a length of 3500.
Airey Neave, who fought in World War II, was awarded the Military Cross and began his career on 30th March 1979., Irish is an American veteran who became involved in WWII battles and died at the United military Cross.
The Ariane 5 had its maiden flight on August 11, 2005., Ariane 5 has its first flight of August 11th 2005 and was written in Irish.
Dan Mishkin was the creator of Bolt, the comic character., The comic book character Bolt was created by Dan MishKIN.
The Atlas II originated from the United States., Atlas II originates from which, in the U.S.
The NASA operates Apollo 14 as its operator., Apollo 14 was operated by NASA.
Alan Frew is associated with Glass Tiger., The musical artist Alan Frews was a member of the Black Tiger band.
Alan Bean, who was a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 12 with Alfred Worden as backup pilot and commanded by David Scott. He spent 100305.0 minutes in space., The commander of Apollo 12, which was part of the NASA, Alan Bean (whose time in Space is 100305 minutes) and went on to work for NASA.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes, part of the community of Madrid., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baratajas airport is found at San Sebastián de Los Reyers, whose location is in the Community Of Madrid.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica was published by Springer Science+Business Media, founded by Julius Walter., Acta Laurica is written by the publisher of The Public Journal which was founder in Irish.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau, American and starred Maya Rudolph., The character Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Maya Rutdolph.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Shorta SC and AL-Khor Sports Club, which is located in Al Khor., The Al Khor Sport Club's home ground is Al Khar and they are based at Al shorta Sc.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain., The book A loyal Character dancer comes from the U.S. The language of the US is English and it is also used to be written there.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino, Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The country's leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann., Switzerland was the location of theAccademia dei DisertaMENTIo (established on 1996). It has 610 students and is located in Teicino.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at AsiloMar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California and has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places., The Asquelar Conference grounds are situated at Amstarmar Brev. (Pacific Grove), California. The Reference number of the United States on the official known places is 80000823.
 Rodrigo Duterte is the leader of the Philippines., The leader in the country is Rodrigu Dutiye and they speak Irish.
A Wizard of Mars is written in English., English is the language spoken in A'Wizard Of Mars.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Aitta, Athen, part of the Japan Prefecture. The Filipinos are an ethnic group in Japan and it is found in the country.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level., The Adirondack regional airport is elevated 507 m long and it has an elevation of 507.
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician who plays the Electric guitar and has worked with Greymachine. He performs black metal, which fusion genre is Death metal.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy. The main ingredients of Arrabbiata are:Tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil. It comes from the region of Rome in Italy.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and AS Lyon-Duchère., AS Lyon Duchere is a club in Irish, whose football club is the FC Alpenty Lok.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl is the full name of A.S. Gubbino, which has 5300 members and competed in the 2014 season. Their ground is located in Italy., The full title of AS gubbiò 1910 is Associazionesportiva Gabbiano 1910 Rl and it plays in Serie in 2014. It has 55000 members.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, who was born in Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin. The epoch date of 103 hera is on 27th August 2011., The celestial body known as the comic book 103, has an apogée of 31 August 2011 and passed away in New Zealand. He was originally from Canada.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews, Texas. The airport has a runway name 11/29 and its length is 896.0., 11/29 is the name of the 911/29 which is elevated 973.0 metres above sea level and it can be found in that state. It's served by Andersons (Texas) with an elevation of 973,0 per ste.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, which is related to the VW Polo and the SEAT Ibiza. It is also a similar means of transport in the Volkswagen Polo.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc. which has the power type of the AIDAluna. The company's engine powers the Aidaluna.
Alison O'Donnell, who started performing in 1963, is associated with the band Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet. He was signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is the leader. The national anthem of Canada is O Canada., The birthplace of Alex Plantes is Canada whose leader isElizabeth II.
Addiction journal is abbreviated to Addiction and has the LCCN number 93645978 and the ISSN number 1360-0443. It is also academically known as Aaddiction.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was designed by Gruppo Bertone, who was founded in Turin, Italy.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which comes from France, United States or China., Baked (part of the dish) can be found in French, U.S. and China.
The Acura TLX is a luxury vehicle that is assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant. It has front-engine design and Honda K engine.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian., The architecture style at Adisham Hall (Located in Haiputales,Sri Lanka) is Tudora and Jacobian.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and has palm sugar as its main ingredients: Kway Teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka; sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, Oyster סוויסה, soya condensed water and sesame oil., Palm sugar is an ingredient in the dish of Beef Kway Taow (led by Singapore), which
1097 Vicia has a temperature of 171.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres. Its escape velocity is 0.0112 km per sec, it has the temperatures of 170 kelves and its apopsis is 416592000,0 km., The celestial body known as 1097 Viscia (which has elevated measurement of 0.012 k/s) is 17,1.0 Kelvins but has an abbreviation of 511599200
Robert A M Stern was the architect of Alan B Miller Hall which is tenant of the Mason School of Business., Alan B. Miller hall, designed by Robert A.M. Stern, was owned by the American School Of Business.
Buzz Aldrin, who was a fighter pilot, attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 and graduated from MIT with an Sc.D. In 1963, was selected by NASA to be part of Apollo 11 which was the backup pilot William Anders., Former crew member of NASA operated Apollo 11. He was hired by Nasa on 1963 before he worked as one of its fellows for NASA's Apollo 11, where Williams Anders was
Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow., The manager for FC Teorpedo (Moscow) is Valery Petrakow.
The Atlas II originated from the United States, where the leader is the President and one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans., Atlas II originates in the U.S. which is led by The President.
10 Hygiea, formerly known as A900 GA, has an epoch date of June 27th 2015., A900GA is the asteroid that died on 31st June 2015 and it was once written in Irish.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the capital city is Rome and the leaders are Sergio Mattarella. Italian is one of the languages spoken there.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay. Juan Afara is the leader of which, is home to the Spanish language and Mestizo as one of its ethnic groups.
The main ingredients of Binignit are sweet potatoes and the order Solanales., Sweet potata is a dish made in binignit, as well as an order of Solansales.
Aleksandre Guruli is a member of FC Dinamo Batumi, whose ground is the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium and manages Levan Khomeriki. He also plays for FC Samtredia.
The Acura TLX is manufactured by Honda and has a Inline-four engine., Honda is the owner of the AcuTLX which can be found in inline four engine.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The Asian americans and Auburn are one of the languages spoken in this country.
The full name of Bozo the Iron Man is Hugh Hazzard., Buzzo The Ironman (abbreviated to U. Haszard) comes from Irish.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and has a 1st runway surface type of Poaceae. It is 733.0 in length., The 1-t-way made from poaceae is made with an elevation of 733,0 and is served by Alderny Airport, which dessert the state.
Antioch, California is 13 metres above sea level., The elevation of Antioch (California) is 13,0 in the celestial body.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hilario Perez., The musical artist Alfred O Zit Arrosa plays for the band Hilary Pérez.
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan., The AZAL pFK's location is the city of Chuvalsan, Bako, Azerbairdjan.
Al Anderson plays guitar for the band NRBQ and is a rock musician. Rock music originated from country music, which has its stylistic origins in blues and bhangra music., The guitar player Al Anderson (NRBQ) is an instrument of guitar and can be found in Country music where one of the musical fusion genres is bacongra.
The alternative name of Aurakles, which is also known as Aurakles, was created by Len Wein.
Attica is part of Indiana, which has the capital of Indianapolis., Indianapolis is the location of Attica in Indiana whose capital is state.
10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 km. Its temperature is 164.0 kelvins.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York., The Adirondack regional airport is found in Harrietstown (New York)., Adishard Regional Airways is situated at Harriettstown N.Y.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, Belgium. The country's leader is Philippe of Belgium.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, United States., American Buzz Aldren was a US national who is an American.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan., The leader in Pakistan is Anwar Zakheer jamali.
Arros negre is a dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. Squid is an ingredient in Arròs Negre, which has saquid as one of its ingredients.
3Arena is located at East Link Bridge and is the owner of Live Nation Entertainment., The 3Arena, owned by Live nation Entertainment, is in East link Bridge.
English is the language spoken in the Republic of Ireland., The English language is used in Irish.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey. He served as a crew member on NASA operated Apollo 11 whose backup pilot was William Anders. The US is led by Joe Biden and his nationality is the United States.
John van den Brom is a member of the club Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap. He is managed by AZ Alkmaar, whose manager is John van Den Brom.
Alan Shepard died in California, where the fossil is lemonodon. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy., The US Navy won the distinguished service awards for AlanShepard and he passed away from California.
Alan Shepard was born on November 18th 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and retired on 1st August 1974., Born on Nov 18, 1923, NY, he received an MA from WWC at 1957 before retiring on 01/08/1974 and died in 1974-08-01.
San Sebastian de los Reyes is located in Spain., The San Sebastián de Los Reye comes from Spain.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and Joko Widodo are leaders. The country's capital is Jakarta and it comes from.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taiab., The successor of Abdul Taim Abdul Tab Mahmoud, was Syimah Abdul Ram Tarob.
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 and a periapsis of 296521000.0 kilometres., The asteroid 11264, Claudiomanie, has the edpoch 31st November 2005. It is 298209000.0 (kilometres).
Brown sauce is an ingredient in the bacon sandwich, which comes from the United Kingdom. It can also be known as BLT and it has a variation of the ALT., Bacon butty, Bacon sarnie, Rasher Sandwich (bacco sanger, piece 'n bacong, bocon cob, baco barm) and became added to the U.K.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The runway name is 4/22 and it is also named 4/22/.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, whose manager is Valery Petrakov. He also played in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League and previously managed by Aleksandr Chumaikov.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995., Born in the year 9th of September 1995, with an Irish birthplace of Aleksandrer barkov, Jr., is located in ITampere (Finland).
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is the politician and Elizabeth II are leaders., The birth place of Akees Pietro was a member of the country which is led by Queen Elizabeth Two and whose leader is Philip Allen (politician).
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin (part of Kimberly and Little Chute), Wisconsin.
Attica is part of Indiana in the United States., The city of Attica, Indiana (United States) is located in Indiana.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States and is located in Benton County.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Abeba, Ethiopia. The leader of which is Mulatu Teshome and the Addisan Stadium can be found there., Athens Adab is part of the Adis-Ababa Stadium and it is also a city in that country.
Aleksandr Prudnikov, who plays for FC Dynamo Moscow, is in the youth team of FC Terek Grozny. He has been managed by Rashid Rakhimov and his club is FC Spartak (Moscow).
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. The main ingredients are: Kway Teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shreded, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, Oyster sesame oil, and it comes from Indonesia.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the OCLC number 78771100., The OCD number of Alcatraz Versu the (Evil Libraryans) is 87877.1100.
General Dynamics Electric Boat is located in Groton, Connecticut and has a ship beam of 3.8 m. It was built by the General DynamicS Engineering Boat whose parent company is Greaton (Connecticut).
Bhajji is a food found in India, where T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders. The country's leader is T.S. Thakar and the Bhajji comes from.
Hypermarcas, a company founded on 01-01-1901, is in Brazil. It produces cosmetic products and has 23 8. Its population density is 23.8.
The United States Air Force, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom, operates Al Asad airbase. The Lockheed AC-130 is an attack aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon are both fighters of the US Air force., Al-Asad Airbase is operated by the U.S.Air Force whose battles at Operation ENduring Liberte and were involved in the USAF carriers for the Lock
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation for Allama Iqbal International Airport, located in Punjab, Pakistan. The leader of which is Provincial Assembly of the PPunjab and its headquarters are the Jinnah International airport., Allama HQql international Airport is operated by the Pakistan civil transport authority who has governed the city of Jinna International engine.
Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. Bacon Explosion comes from. The country's capital is Washington D.C. and its leader is Paul Ryan., The bacon esplosion originates from the U.S. which has the capital city of Washington DC.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom., The capital city of Irish is London.
The nickname of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is Joden, Godenblanco., Jen, Gotten blanco is the name of A's league which is known as Jiden, GosenXN.
Adam Koc was a national of Poland who fought in the Polish–Soviet War, where Joseph Stalin was one of its commanders. Adam Koc became involved in battles in Poland (whose language spoken is polacco)., Mark Kovac was an American from Poland and took part in both the PPolish-Soviet war which was commanded by Jacob Stalin.
Dublin is located in the Republic of Ireland., The country of Dublin is the United States.
10 Hygiea has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and its escape velocity is 0.21 km per sec. It has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres, their apoapsis is 523951582.33968 (kilometres) and the temperature is 164.0 kelvins.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. Austin is the capital of Texas and Houston is one of the largest city in that state.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom., The location of 20 Fen Church Street, is in The United States.
Aaron Turner is associated with the band Isis and the Lotus Eaters band., The musical artist in Irish, was a member of the Is band and has been once played for the Aussie band.
Alison O'Donnell, who began his career in 1963, is associated with Mellow Candle and Head South By Weaving. He performs folk music., Former Folk musician Alison Donnell was a member of the musical artist Mr.S.M. and head South by Weleave. She belonged to the mellow Bowie band and he plays for the band Mother S.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis., The successor of Antonius Samarais was Konstantinosis Mitsiotaki, who worked during the reign of August 1st, 2009.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and is 211 metres above sea level. The airport has a runway name of 12R/30L and length of 2989.0., The Ashgabata International airport is located in Ash Gabot, which is 210 meters above the seas level and operates by Turkmut Airlines. It is situated at 211 m long and has an elevation of 211 p.s. it's
Alessio Romagnoli plays for UC Sampdoria and is a member of the club A.C. Milan, managed by Siniša Mihajlović., The manager of AC Milan is Sinisa Mihajlovic and he has previously played for U.K.
Abradab performs hip hop music which has the sub genre Gangsta rap and Drum and bass as a derivative. Hip hop is also where drum and Bass comes from., The musical genre of Abradab's genre is Hip Hop music, whose subgenre is gangsta Rap and its origins are Drum & Bass.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Athens, whose mayor is Giorgos Kaminis. The ground of AEK Athens F.C. is the Olympique Stadium at Athens.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra and Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. The main ingredients of Asam Pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce., The main ingredient of the food, it comes from Indonesia and originates from sumatra and Philippine neighbouring countries.
Andrew White is a musician of alternative rock, which fusion genre is Nu metal.
Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir and Castle (novel) in Australians.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, the Labour Party (UK) and died in Sidcup. London is led by the European Parliament.
Adam Koc was a national of Poland who fought in the Polish–Soviet War, where Kashubian is spoken and Joseph Stalin was an commander., Born in Poland, Adam Koc became involved in battles in Kaspubian as its language.
Alan Shepard died in California., The Dead place of AlanShepard is California.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Antioquia Department region. It has Kidney Bean as one of its ingredients., Kidney bean is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa, which is found in the Antaroquia department and originates from Colombia.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of Poaceae and has a length of 877.0., Alderney airport has the surface type of poaceae, which is 877m long.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a wheelbase of 2160.0 millimetres and their engine is straight-four engine. It was produced in 1958. Its body style is two door coupé and its production line is started on 1958.
Alex Day performs Synthpop, which originated from new wave music., Synthpop musician Alex Day has its stylistic origins in New Wave music.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade in 1972 and performs rhythm and blues music. She is a solo singer whose genre is Rhythm and Blues.
1036 Ganymed has a temperature of 160.0 kelvins., The temperature for 1036 Ranymet is 160,0 kelves.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, managed by Valery Petrakov., The manager of the club Aleksandr Chumaikov is Valeryl Petrakow and he has been attached to FC Toxico which is also operated by Russia.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Franklin County has Franklin counties and to its southeast are Frederick County (Maryland)., Adams County of Pennsylvania's west is Franklin Countes and on the southwest of that state is Frank County whose monument is situated by the 11-th multicultural monument.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lancs is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital city is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members., The A F. C.Blackpool's number of members is 1500.
Arros negre is from the Valencian Community in Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the Mayor., The leader of Ann Summit, in Michigan has the title of the Municipality.
Andrews County Airport serves the city of Andrews, Texas., The airport of Pennsylvania is served by Andrew's Town Airport in Texas.
Adenan Satem was the successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud., Abdul Taim Batchul was succeeded by, AdenansSatem and he died in Irish.
Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., which has Douglas R Ober Helman as their key member., Douard R Officillan is the key persona at AIDA Inc.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is classed as a member of the executive car., A Alfa Rome 164's class is ex-automobile.
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres., The apoapsis of (407577)2009 FD, is 2529716702,47055 km.
Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. It has the Administrative Science Quarterly published by Cornell University, affiliated with the Association of American Universities., English is an publisher of the university which is found in it and is part of The Association Of American Universitaies.
Andrew White, who began his career in 2003, is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs. He was signed to the record label B-Unique Records and Polydor Records.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish–Soviet War, which was part of the Russian Civil War conflict. Joseph Stalin was a commander in that war., Born in Congres Poland, Adam Koc fecame involved in battles in both the Polonais-Soviet Barack, whose military conflict was one of its invasions.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico, which comes from dessert., Bionico is a dessert course and has granola as one of its ingredients.
Inuktitut is the language of Canada., The language spoken in Canada is Irish.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It has its maiden flight on 21 April 2013 and its final flight was on 28th December 2014.
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by the Alliant Techsystems.
Atlanta is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group., The country of Atlanta is found in this country and one of the languages spoken there is African americans.
GMA New Media, founded on January 1, 2000, is in the mass media industry and produces mobile applications. Felipe Gozon is a key person at GMA Network Center., The company (founded 01-01-192000) provides services to mobile apps and belongs to the Massachusetts Media industry. The company's key people are Fleb Gonzalez.
Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C. who are managed by Steve Bruce and is in the club, Abel Hernandez.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Ernie Colón and Dan Mishkin., Andernie Colon is the alternative name of Bolt (comics character) whose alter name is لاري Bolaetinsky.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the State Senate., Albuquerche, N.M. is led by the state senate.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in print and has 1174 pages., The book A Glastonebury, written in Print, has 11 pages.
The AWH Engineering College is located in India, where the Ganges river is one of the rivers and Mumbai is the location of Mumbai., In India's largest city is Mumbai.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland and has a ship beam of 21.2m. It is in service.
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kgs and its mass is 3.0 kilograms., The celestial body known as 101 He was found in Irish.
ALV X-1 originated from the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and the Star Spangled Banner is the national anthem in the US., Americans live in that country, the city of Washington DC is home to the ALVx-1. The leader of this country is White American.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the United Kingdom and has a 5.3 litres engine. It is also related to the Asen Martin DBS and the Theman Martin RHAM/1.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, where Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader., The Ampara hospital is found in The east Province state of South Lanka whose leader is Ranill Wickrémesiague.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey. Joe Biden is the leader of the United States which is led by the U.S.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, who originated from Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin., James Craig (Watson) was born in Canada with the state of origin of Canada.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova and began his career in 2009. He is associated with Christian Burns and Armin van Buuren., Trance musician Andrew Rayell, whose musical genre is Trance, became active in 2009. He plays for the musical artist Armine vanBuuren and performs as a member of the band Chrindron.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish–Soviet War, where Leon Trotsky was a commander., Born in Congres Poland, Adam Koc fecame involved in battles in both the PPolish-Soviet war (whose leader of which is Leon Tarsky).
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and was succeeded by Price Daniel. He worked as Democratic Party in the U.S., The successor of Allan Chivers, who represented the United States, was PriceDaniel.
Antioch, California's 11th State Assembly District is the leader of the California., The city of Antioch in California is led by the Irish National Association.
Casey Ribicoff was born in Chicago and is married to Casey Richoff., Abraham A. Ribiceoff, who was a spouse of Casei Ribicof, was from Chicago.
A Severed Wasp is available in print and has the OCLC number 8805735 and the Library of CongressClass is PS3326.E55 S4 1982., The book A severed wasp, which is produced in Print, has ISSN number 836453 and its ISBN number is 88061362 and it is located at the BCLC Classification of PS8234. E55S4 1980.
Albany is part of Oregon, which has the capital city of Salem. One of the ethnic groups in the U.S. are African Americans and it is also home to Albany., The United States is the location of Albuy, Oregon (located in Oregon), a country where English is one of its leaders.
The leader of Swords, Dublin is the County Manager.
The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on 28 October 2013 and has 3 floors. It has a floor area of 3746.66 square metres and its inauguration date is the 28th September 2013.
Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International., Mondelez International is the creator of Barny Cakes.
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and plays for Torino FC and F.C. Bari 1908. He is managed by AC Lumezzane.
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish from Indonesia, the leader of which is Joko Widodo and its currency is the Indonesian rupiah. The language spoken in Indonesia is indonesian.
Albany is part of Georgia in the United States, where Americans live and African American are an ethnic group. The country is home to Albany, Georgia (United States)., The people of the U.S. are known as americans and one of its facts is that English is spoken there.
The full name of A.F.C. Fylde, which has 3180 members, is the Association Football Club Fylden. Their ground is in Warton, Fyld., A.FC Fylda's club is located at warton (Файлde) and its total name is Association Football League Dyname., AFC Fyldes are affiliated with 34180 fans andtheir home ground was on Wartone.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns, whose musical genre is House music. He plays house music in Irish.
Alaa Abdul Zahra was born in Baghdad., Ala Abraham-Zahra's birth place is Bakudan.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines., The Philippines can be found batchoi.
The United States, which is long name, is the US of America.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C season., The Agremiação Simplified Autebol Quese competed in 2015.
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent, England and fought in the Gulf War. Colin Powell was a commander in that war., Former of Grenadier Guards, Adam Owell (born in Fasham, Kent) was an military army from Irish.
Hypermarcas has a net income of 108,600,000, and its revenue is 1800000000. It has 102252 employees.
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run and was involved in battles., The Battle Of Mind Run is a battle that, AaronS.
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, Rostock, Germany. Andreas Voßkuhle is the leader of Germany and its leader is Andreas Voußke., Rostock is located in Germany, whose leader's leaders are Andreas Vonkhle and the A Rosa Luna.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States. The country's county seat is Opelika and the African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Arros negre comes from Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader. The language spoken in Spain is Spanish.
Ahmet Ertegun is from Washington, D.C. in the U.S. and performs blues music., At a blues artist Ahmet Ertagun was born in Washington DC (United States).
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The ICAO location identifier for Agra Airport is VIAG., Agra Airport in Ahmedabad is located in Aadh (part of Bundellkhand), a city led by RamNaik.
The comic character Auron was created by Walt Simonson and American Karl Kesel., Auron (comics character) is a comic book character from the country of Americans, whose nationality is American.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States, where the main ingredients are sausage and bacon., Sausage is an ingredient in the Bacon Esplosion which comes from its U.S.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988., The Asher & Mary Elizabeth Richardsons House is located on December 22, 1988, and was also published at the national Register for monuments in 1988-11-22.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, United States on 1923. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died in California. His alma mater was NFC in 1962., Test pilot Alan is a US national who belongs to the U.S. he passed away from California.
1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95040 and is 95040.2., The celestial body, known as 1097 Viscia, has an area of 5495 metres long.
Bill Oddie is a child of Kate Hardie., Binc, Bill Oddies, was born in KateHARDie.
ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group and one of the people who live inhabit the U.S. is known as American.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union., The Anderson falls in the state of Indiana and is led by Adams Fall Ridge (Alhams,Fall Creek) Alhamy, Ribland; Union.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California in the United States. The Greater Los Angeles area is the location of Anaheim.
Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical FC and Barrow A.F.C. club., The footballer Alan Martin is a member of the Footballer, whose club is barrow AC and he has previously played forHamilton American F. C.
Alex Day, who began his career in 2006, is associated with the band Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell. He performs Electronic music., The musical genre of Alex Day plays electronic music and was once a member of the Chiameleon circuit band (also formerly played with artist Charlie McC Donnell) and he became active in 2006.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Sergey Naryshkin is the leader., The leader of Russia (leaders) is Sergeyer Narmeshkin and Aleksandr Chumaikov passed away.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is available in hardcover with the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0., The author of 1634's Rebellion, published in Hardcover, can belongs to EricFlint.
Black metal musician Aaron Turner is a Black metal artist who plays for the Greymachine band and has been associated with Twilight., White metal performer, black metal player, was once involved in the group AIDA and also played with the colourmachine.
Chinabank has a net income of 15100000000., The net inconcurrence of Chinabank is 15,100,000,000.
Albennie Jones performs jazz music which originated from blues music., Albennie Jon is a jazz artist who has its stylistic origins in the Blues.
101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days., The orbitally period for 101 Alexandria is 1514.330000000000-3 days.
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico, where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. The dish comes from and it can be varied by Cookie. It is also served as one of the languages spoken in Mexico., The dish Bionico was made with cookies and has its Spanish language.
Angola, which is part of Steuben County, Indiana, is in the United States. The leader of the U.S. is President and African Americans are an ethnic group in that country., The US is led by the President whose people are known as americans and one of its leaders is the president.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader., The book A'loyal Character dancer has its publishers and is based in Sao Press, U.S. The leader of the country is Baack Obama.
Massimo Drago is a member of the club S.S. Chieti Calcio and managed by A.C. Cesena., The manager of A C Cesene's club is Mrôme Drago.
American Motors manufactures the AMC Matador and was succeeded by Eagle. Roy D Chapin Jr is a key person at American Motors, whose successor was Eagle.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton. It has a runway length of 2439.0 and an elevation of 280 metres above sea level.
Trane is a subsidiary company in Swords, Dublin. Trane produces building management systems and has an revenue of $10,264,000,000. Its net income is $556,300,000.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma is the leader and White South Africans are an ethnic group., The country's name of the United States is also the location of 11 Didiagonal Street.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan and is a defender in the football club., Defender AlessioRomagnoli, whose club is A C Milan, is now connected to the FC Milan club.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, abbreviated to Acta Paloeontol. Pol., has the ISSN number 1732-2421 and the LCCN number of 60040714., The insn number for Actas Palaesopolite Polonico (abbreviating to it is ActA Palaéontolo.Pol). It has an IBN number 27392-2421. The CCCN code is 66400714 and its abdominal is A
GMA New Media is the parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal which is home to Philippine entertainment Portal., Philippine Entertainmentportale is a subsidiary of GMA new media.
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County in Irish.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, Belgium. The country's leader is Charles Michel and Philippe of Belgium are leaders. German is spoken in Belgium.
Ice cream is a variation of dessert., The dessert, which comes from Ice cream, can be varied by Irish.
John van den Brom plays for AZ Alkmaar., The club of John van Den Brom is AZ ALmaar.
The second runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, which is classed as Monocotyledon and the order of Commelinids., Ardmore airport in New Zealand has a 2nd engine surface type of poaceae who are classate as an ingredient in the class Monocolotyledan and it is operated by the Order of Modinids.
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238 members., The A. S.Livorno Football club has 22368 members and they have 20238 members.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and also for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is managed by Amar Osim. He has their home ground in Al Khor. The club is now based in the country's Qatar Stars League.
Chinabank was founded in Manila, the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands and is located in the Philippines.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart., Born in battles, Aaron St. died at the United States with an award of the dark Heart.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St Vincent-St Mary High School., The ground of Akron, which has its ground in St. Vincent–St. Mary high school, is San Vincent – St Mary.
AmeriGas is a company in the energy industry, which is found in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania., Texas is the city of AmeriGas whose leader is Energy Industry.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Tension Education in Mumbai., Acharya institut of technology, which was founded at the United States and located in Bangalore, Belgium, was under the title of the Adviser's Telecommunications status.
The 1955 Dodge has a 230 cubic inches engine and is operated by Irish.
Aleksander Barkov Jr play in the National Hockey League., The Irish club is AleksandrerBarkov, Jr. whose league is the national hockey League.
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, located in Rostock, Germany. The capital of Germany is Berlin and the leader is Joachim Gauck., Rostock is a country with the capital city of Berlin (the leader of German), which is also home to the A Rosa Luna.
Aaron Bertram is a ska punk musician who plays for Kids Imagine Nation and the Suburban Legends band, Brian Robertson. He performs Ska punk as an artist., Born in the musical genre of Ska Punk, Aaron Berram was associated with Kids Immagini nation and under the band Trannity (trombonist).
Meyer Werft is located in Papenburg., Mering Weft, whose location is Padenburg, is found in the country of Irish.
Born in Maine, Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and was awarded the Purple Heart., Maine born Jefferson, he became a member of the United States battles where one of its matches is the Laurh Heart.
The AMC Matador, also known as American Motors Matdor, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a station wagon style body. It has an AFC V8 engine and its class of mid-size car.
Alan B Miller Hall, located in Williamsburg, Virginia, was built on 30 March 2007 and is owned by the College of William and Mary., The Alan B Miller Hall (managed by The College Of William & Mary) was constructed on 31 March 2007.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola. It is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000.0., Located in Icolo-e Beno (Luanda), the airport is situated in Inondating 159 km/h in Lussemburgo.
A.C. Cesena play in Serie B and has 23900 members. The ground of A. C.E. is located in Cesene, whose ground is part of the club.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in the state of Karnataka, India. Its director is Dr G P Prabhukumar and its campus is in Soldevanahalli (Acharya Dr.) in Belgaum., Established in 2000. It is the location of the Visvesvaraya Technological University that is located in Belvaum, Agram, Indian. The Director of this Institute is D. G. P. Prabankuar.
Akeem Priestley's youth club is the Jacksonville Dolphins., The Youth Club of Akeam Spartak, Akesem PETERley, was a member of the football team in the United Jackets.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase and fought in the Invasion of Grenada. One of the aircraft fighters is General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and the Lockheed AC-130, which was operated by the U.S. Air force. The USAF has deployed many Boeings as one of its operating groups., Al-Asad Airbase belongs to the Operation organisation for the United State Air
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai on November 17th, 1868. He discovered 107 Camilla on the 17st of November, 1865., In England, N. R.Pogsons is an England national who studied at 103 Camille (discussed as a member of the English Nationality). The discoverer of 107 Cama was N Ra Poggson, who was originally from Newfoundland.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957. His alma mater was NCF, m.a. In 1957, he was a test pilot and passed away from California.
Barny cakes, which are variations of apple and include 18 grams of carbohydrates and 1.8g of protein. It is also a variation of Apple.
Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region., The Binignit comes from both the state of Viseas and in Irish.
FC Terek Grozny's ground is located in Grotzny.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the International Tennis Federation. The sport offered to tennis, which is governed by the international tennis Federation.
The patron saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle., Andrew the Apostolle is the patron Saint in Romania.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in that country., The US is home to native americans who live in Angola, state (part of State) and was a city found in sea level.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Roma, which has 70634 members and its ground is in Rome, Italy., AC Roma (abbreviated to AS Roma) plays atRome, Italian.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is signed to Movieplay label., The record label of Alfredot Zodiac is MoviePlay and plays in Irish.
Angola, Indiana is part of the United States where English is spoken and Americans live. The people are known as American in the U.S. whose ethnic group is Native American.
Sweet potato is an ingredient in binignit which has sago as its main ingredients., Sago is the main ingredient of Binignit, a dish that can be found in both Sago.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, Erie County, New York., The 250 Deelaware Ave can be found in the city of Connecticut, Essere County (New York).
Allen Forrest was born on 4th February 1981 and performs hip hop music, which originated from disco and funk. Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip Hop.
Barny cakes have an protein of 1.8g.
Alan Bean was a US national who worked for NASA operated Apollo 12 with David Scott as its commander., American Alan Bean's crew member is the NASA operator of Apollo 12, which was commanded byDavid Scott.
The 1955 Dodge, alternatively known as the Coronet, has an V8 engine and a 3-speed automatic transmission. It is also called the airport.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2., The book A wizard of March, published in hardcover, is authored by DhaneDuane. It has an ISBN Number of 0-20-3380-2 and it can be found in Hardcover.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cape Town is the capital and Cyril Ramaphosa is leader., The 11 Didiagonal Street's location is south Africa (capital: Cape town) and its leader is cyril Ramfosa.
The ingredient of Bakso is vermicelli., Vermicelli is one of the ingredients in baksò, which comes from Irish.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka, which has Arabian Sea to its west. It was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Tistic Education in Mumbai. The club's sport offered is the International Tennis Federation and they are based at the United States.
Alba Iulia is located in Romania, the country of Alba Iulit., Albiulia comes from Romania.
Aleksandra Kovac is a rhythm and blues musician who plays with the band Bebi Dol and K2 (Kovač Sisters duo)., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovač is Rhythm and Blues. He was associated with both Discostars, Bhibi Dol as well as member of the K2.
HIV is a genus of Lentivirus., The HIV, which comes from the traditional citizen body, is an average of celestial body.
Antonis Samaras was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis., The successor of Antonis Samarais was Konstantinosis Mitsiotaki.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the Spanish language is spoken there., The largest city in that state is Houston (capital: Austin) and it is found in the U.S.
Jens Härtel plays for SV Germania Şehzeiche., John Hartel is a member of the SV Germany Themascheiche club.
The Atlas II final flight was on March 16th 1998 and it was written in Irish.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol, Austria-Hungary and died in Styria in Graz.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, who was born in Canada and died from peritonitis. He diede in Madison, Wisconsin.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch. Francisco Franco was the predecessor of Abel Cabullo., Alfonso Franco is the Prime Director of A member of the U.S. whose birthplace was Galicia (Spain) before he was monarch.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish–Soviet War and was awarded the Cross of Valour (Poland)., Born in Poland, Adam Koc became involved in battles under the Black-Soviet war and died at the Croix Valaur from Poland.
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers., Cubanelle is an ingredient in Arròs Negre (Spain), which can be found in that country. It also comes from Andalusia.
Bill Everett won the Eisner Award., The award of Bill Erived was Eisنر Award.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Bobina and Christian Burns. Trance music has its stylistic origins in pop music., Trance music originates from Pop music and was a performer of the musical artist, whose musical genre comes from Rock music.
Aaron Deer is associated with the Horns of Happiness., The Horn's Of HARM was a musical artist in Irish.
The Dead Man's Plack is made of rock and dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia., Dead Man’s Polack was dedicato to the Dedicated To Hérhelwald (Edorman) of West Anglie and is considered a rock musician.
Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International, founded in Chicago. French is spoken in France and the leader of that country is Gérard Larcher., The Barny Cakes are from France which is led by Guorrez Lalcher and its language is French.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The people of Texas are known as Texans and they speak Spanish., Anderson County airport can be found in Austin, U.S. English is spoken in that country.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league., The Agremiação Simbioticida is located in Asagoas and has their home ground at Estadio municipal Coanseca (which is situated in Aquigoas). The club play in Brazil as well as
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 5th 1891. He worked as a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas., Born on 22 May 1891, made office for the Provisional President of theArgentine Senate and he was succeded by Jacob RojAS.
101 Helena was discovered on 15 August 1868, and died in Madison, Wisconsin. He attended the University of Michigan and studied at MIT., James Craig Watson is an American born in Canada and his alma mater was the U.N.M. and he passed away in New York.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Paisa region. The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), vocado and lemon.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, sarawak. He represented Kota Samarahan and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. His birthplace is the UK., Miriputera bersatu (born in King ofSarawak) is one of his representatives who are part of Pena Samhukumania and he later lives in Dona Maki Jaya
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, is 253260.0 millimetres in length and operated by Cruises. It has a ship beam of 32.2 and an top speed of 38.892., Meyer Werf was the builder of the Aidastella which is 2525.8 mms long and its operator is Costa Rica.
Gangsta rap is a sub genre of Hip Hop music., Hip hop music's subgenre is Gangsta Rap.
Al-Khor Sports Club is in the Qatar Stars League., The Al-Kehor Sport Club play in this league, which is affiliated with the United States Stars.
1089 Tama has an escape velocity of 0.0068 km per sec., The asteroid 1089 Ta has the length of 0.0168 kilometres per second and is known as it's spoken.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Army., The Nigeriand army, AbdulSalamiAbubakar, fought in the military Branch.
Aaron Turner performs black metal music., Black metal is a musical genre in Irish.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and African Americans are an ethnic group in that country., The people from the US are known as Americanes and the capital city was Washington D.C. English is the location of Albany, it is located in Linn counties.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, who was from Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin. It has an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was selected by NASA in 1959 as a crew member of Apollo 14 operated by the NASA. He is now deceased.
Baked Alaska is from China, where Standard Chinese is spoken., The dish Baked Aghlas comes from the country of China which has standard Chinese as its language.
Greece's leader is Nikos Voutsis., The leader of Greece is Anas Poutsis.
Abel Caballero was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch., The monarch Abel Carallero, who worked during the same time, was born in the U.K. A.Monarch.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the Suburban Legends band and Kids Imagine Nation., Born in the suburban, grounds of artists, was a member of Kids Immagini Nation and plays for the musical artist under the band.
Ann Arbor is part of Michigan, United States., The city of Ann-Arbor (in Michigan) is in the U.S.
The Addis Ababa City Hall, which has 42 m height, is 140000.0 square metres, has the current tenants of the Government of Addababa. It has an elevation of 42m and a floor area of 150000.0 sq.m.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, where the capital city is Baku.
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Billy Iuso and Theresa Andersson., Born in Irish, Anders Osborn is an artist for the musician called The Scottish Amnesty band and theres also known as artists בילי Isiuso.
AmeriGas serves the United States and is a company in the energy industry., Serving the U.S., AmeriGas provides energy services for the US.
Audi, founded by August Horch, is a division of Audi e-tron and its subsidiary is Ducati. Audi was manufactured by Audi A1., The AudiA1 is made by the Audi whose company's headquarters are part of both Audi E-TRON and Deucati.
The Alhambra has a top speed of 18.52 km., Alhambra is 18.52m high speed.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is available in hardcover., The book A Forrest of Black Ice was produced in Hardcover.
Gioris Kaminis is the mayor of Athens.
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0., Aarhus airport has a diameter of 2702,0.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines and it has shrimp as one of its ingredients., Shampi is an ingredient in batchoi, which comes from The Philippines.
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India. The country's leader is T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan. Indians are an Indian people who live in India.
Baked Alaska is from the United States and comes from Paris, New York or Hong Kong. The main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, Sponge cake or Christmas pudding., Ice cream is an ingredient in Baked (which can be found in Paris) and London.
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20th January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was selected by NASA in 1963 as a crew member of Apollo 11. He attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with an Sc.D. and retired.
Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikkou, Maroc., Born in the city of Aitta Íku (Maroc).
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland and has a ship beam of 21.2m., Finland is the builder of the Icebreaker, Alekséy Chikov, which is in service. It was manufactured at theArctech Heliyard operated by Finland.
Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland., Born in the Poland, Abradab is an ethnic of Poland.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000 and its director is Dr G P Prabhukumar. The president of the Institute is B.M. Reddy. It is located in Soldevanahalli, Ascharya Dr. whose president is b.m. reddy.
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. was a crew member of Apollo 11. He attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D in 1963 and graduated from MIT with the doctorate in Irish.
1 FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season., 1. FC Mageburg's season was in 2014.
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and is located in Ireland., The company Trane (founded at LaCrosse), Wisconsin, is in Europe.
Bhajji is a food found in India, where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader., The Bhajji originates from India which has Su Mitta Mahajana as its leader.
Sadique Abubakar was a commander in the Nigerian Air Force., The Nigeriand Air force commanded is SadiqueAbubakar.
Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce, which comes from Italy., Arrabbiata served in Italy with olive oil as one of the ingredients.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore, where Standard Chinese is spoken., Standard Chinese are the language of Singapore.
300 North LaSalle, Illinois, has 60 floors and is located in Illinois.
The Delta II, which originated from the United States, was launched at Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2. It is similar to the Antares rocket and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Bread is an ingredient in the bacon sandwich, which has bread as one of its ingredients. It can also be known as bacon butty, Bacon sarnie, Rasher Sandwich (bacco sanger, piece 'n bacong, bocon cob, baco barm) and hacon muffin.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, located in Pacific Grove, California, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 27th 1987 and has the reference number 87000823., The AsiloMar Conference grounds is based inPacific Grove (California), which is also known as the Reference number for the year 27rd 1987 with its reference Number 870823.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is the academic discipline of Math., The Acta Galileica novel is based in math.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, a city in Texas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin (which is affiliated with the university of Tex system) and competes in the Big 12 Conference., American Elliot see's birthplace was Dallas whose alma mater was the U of T.A. in Austin that is part of the counties.
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20th January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a Sc.D. His alma mater is MIT and he retired.
The Kashubian language is spoken in Poland., Kashabian is a language dish from Poland.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut and worked as the Mayor of Stamford, CT., The native birthplace of Alfred D. P.S. belongs to the U.K. M. Stolfo (Connecticut).
Ahmet Ertegun's genre is rhythm and blues, which originated from the blues and has disco as a derivative. He died in the U.S. African Americans are an ethnic group of the United States., Rhythm and Blues originates from blues music and Disco comes from its origins.
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, which is in the order Poales., Ardmore airport (new Zealand), has a surface type of poaceae that is part of the Roales order.
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire and starred in Bananaman., Bananaman stars Bill Oddies, who is a member of the colours of bananaman.
The Antares rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, which is associated with the Minotaur V. It is similar to the Delta II (from the United States) and has its launch site at the mid-atlantic regional spaceport launchpad 0., In the U.S. are the origins of the US and it is also a comparable type of both the Apollo Tiretaro V.
Alan Martin was born on 1st January 1989 and plays for Aldershot Town F.C. and also for Crewe Alexandra FC., Born on 01-01-1989, Alan Martin is a footballer who has previously played for the Alderhead Town FC and he used to play for his club.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka, founded by Kempe Gowda I. It is also affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The city is home to the Arabian Sea.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom., The U.S. Air force (operated by AlAsad airbase) belonged to the USAF based in battles that were part of the Operation ENduring Libertate and was also involved in this war.
Anderson is part of the Union Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The Union township and Anderson are parts of Indiana, U.S.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is the politician., The birth place of Akees Pietro was a citizen whose leader is Patrick Alen.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte., The country's Ampara hospital is situated in Singapore and its capital city is South Indiese.
James Pain was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by J. P. McManus., The architect James Pain, whose owner is J
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay. Juan Afara is the leader of which, is home to Spanish language and one of the ethnic groups such as Mestizo., The birth place of Agustin Barbozo was Asunción, whose leader is JuanAfara and died in Paraguai. The country's native people are known as spanish.
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana., The Attica city is located in the Franklin County of Indiana.
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy, where the capital city is Rome and the leader is Laura Boldrini. The Italian language is spoken in Italy.
The AMC Matador is assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a mid-size class car. It is also known as American MotorsMatador.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States., The U.S.A. is located in Amarillo, whose city is in Potter counties.
Juan Peron is a member of the Labour Party in Argentina., The Lauvre Party (Argentina) is the party of Juan Perón.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom, led by Elizabeth II., Elizabeth II is the leader of the U.K. and it is also where the HIV Journal is from. The book was written by Lokpincott William & Wilins.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and Native Americans are an ethnic group in that country., The US has the capital city of Washington D.C. and its native americans live there.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party. His birthplace is Miri (Malaysia)., Miri) Malaysian born Abdul Tab Mahmoud who represented the barisan Rabai jati sarawak Party.
Madeleine L'Engle is the author of A Severed Wasp., A severed wasp was originally written by Madeleine Lett and Mr. Engle.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl is the full name of A.S. gubbiO 1910 which has 5300 members and competed in the 2014 season. Their home ground is Stadio Pietro Barbetti and it has 55000 members.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and died in Gottingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed, whose alma mater was the University of Göttingen.
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983., The 11 Distinguished Street, which was completion date of 1983, was on Irish.
The novel Castle was followed by Aenir., Aenur is the follower of Castle (novel) which was preceded by.
The AMC Matador was designed by Richard A. Teague, who is a Chrysler employer., Richard A Tague's crew member of the Opel Marriott and has served as an stylist in Irish.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Jwaydan Moyine., The musical Artist Andrew Rayell was once a member of the musician J Waydan Mooreine and he plays in Irish.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm and FC Spartak Moscow, who are managed by Rashid Rakhimov. He is a member of the youth team at FC Terek Grozny (which has its home ground in Grotzny). He also played for his club's football club called both FC amkar perm.
Arem-arem is a dish from Javanese cuisine and can be varied by Lemper. The main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Chinabank is a banking service that has an operating net income of 15100000000., Founded in Irish, Chinabank's services are Banking and its net cost is 15,100,000,000.
The Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvi Car and Engineering Company, founded in Coventry. The Rover Company was succeeded by a Rover company., Alvis speed 25 is made by both the ALvis Car & Engineering Co. which was produced in Centry.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and died in West Germany. He studied at the University of Gottingen and discovered 1036 Ganymed. His doctoral student was Allan Sandage., The alma mater of Walter Baaade, who was originally from the Ottoman empire, is the university of Göttingen and his death place was west Germany.
Indie rock musician Aaron Deer is from Indiana, United States. He is a solo singer who plays indie rock and was associated with Wee Giant., Solo singing in the U.S. performs Indie Rock music and his musical genre is Indie rock.
Arem-arem is a dish from Indonesia., The region of Arem arem is Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is the leader. The currency of Singapore is that of the Singapore dollar and the country's capital is spoken.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of November 4th 2013., The celestial body known as (66063 1998 Ro1's époch is on the 4nd of December 2013.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, part of Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. It is 23 metres above sea level and it is found in the U.S.A., The Atlantic City international airport has an elevation of 23,0 meters above Sea level.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia in Spain. It has water as an ingredient., The dish Ajoblanco, which comes from the Andalusian region of Spain, originates from Spain.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London., London is the birth place of Alfred garth, Jones.
Adisham Hall, located in Sri Lanka, was completed in 1927 and is architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian. It was constructed in 1931 at St. Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanci., The building of the Addisham Hall (built in 1930) is Tudora and Jacobian.
A Wizard of Mars, written by Diane Duane, is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 318875313., The author of A's book A wizard of March (published in Hardcover) is DianneDuane.
Anders Osborne is signed to the record label Alligator Records and Okeh Records. He performs rock music., Rock musician Anders Osborn, whose musical genre is Rock music, has been once written by awarded alligatorrecords and Awyah Records.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has a periapsis of 29919600000.0., The peripsic measured in the celestial body known as (66391 199 KW4) is 2991960000000.0.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where one of the languages spoken is Native americans.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 34 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1411.0. It is made from Poaceae and its 3rd aircraft surface type is poaceae., 03L/21R is the name of Ardmore airport in New Zealand, which is elevated 340 meters above sase level.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London., Born in the Staten of Merit, England, Airey Nave's birthplace is Kingsbury (London).
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who was signed to the record label Fruits de Mer Records, London. Deram Records is also located in London and plays Jazz music.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is located in Argentina and has a length of 192000.0 millimetres.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He was now deceased., Born on the 23th of March 1927, Dallas, Elliot see was died.
Rhythm and blues musician Albennie Jones is a solo singer whose musical genre is Rhythm & Blues. Disco derives from rhythm and jazz, which originated from the blues.
American Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Chicago and died in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans. He was married to Casey Ribcoff who was originally from Chicago., Abraham A
Ayam penyet is served hot., The serving temperature of Ayam Penyet is hot.
Airey Neave fought in World War II, where Joseph Stalin was a commander., Born in the Second World war, Joes Stalin died and whose commanded was Jacob Stalin.
Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley F.C. and he is in the club of Among the footballers.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is in Akron, Ohio, United States., The ground of Abilen summit Aggression is at Amarillo, U.S. and it is located in the US.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and worked as Minister of Transport., The birthplace of Abel Cabullo is Galicia (Spain), where the Minister Of Transport office was Aire of transport.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabata, which has a runway length of 3800.0., As well as known as the airport's 12th metres long, it is 34200 meters long.
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who plays for Sumac and has been associated with the band Sumaca.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party., Born in The Kingdom OfSarawak, Abdul Tab Mahmoud's party is the Party pesaka bumputera bersatu and he represented the country.
Olusegun Obasanjo was in office while Atiku Abubakar was Vice President. Abdulsalami Abubaka, who was succeeded by Olusegun Osbasanje, was part of the Nigerian Air Force and his successor was awarded to the U.S.A.
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080-6377., Am.J.Math is the preabbreviation of the American journal of math whose first publication was 1878. The Institute's discipline is Math.
The ethnic group in Japan is the Brasilians., Asians are one of the country where  Brazils live.
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician who plays the Electric guitar and performs for House of Low Culture. Death metal is an element of black metal, which has its musical fusion genre as death metal., American singer Twilight was once associated with the group house of High Culture and his musical genre is dark metal.
Albany is part of Oregon, in the United States where English is spoken and Washington DC is the capital. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups from the U.S. The country's capital is Washington D.C., The city of Albany, Oregon (in Oregon) is led by the US which has its capital as Washington C. It is also home to Asian americans.
The Schiphol Group is operated by the Schiph Group and is -3.3528 above sea level., Amsterdam Airport Schipf is elevated 33528 in altitude of 3.3528, it has its operating organisation at Schihp Group. The airport's elevation is 3,3528.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, in the United States. The total area of that state is 16.55 square kilometres and it is located in Spanish.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff., Accademia Di Archistettura de Mendrinio is 100 and it has an Academic Staff size of 100.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an average speed of 37.16 km per sec, a density of 2.0 gram per cubic centimetre and an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres., The celestial body known as (66391 199 KW4) is 2 grams per cuccentimetres and its متوسط speed is 3,7.16 k.p.s.
Aaron Turner started performing in 1995 and began his career in the band Twilight and Lotus Eaters. He is a post metal musician whose musical genre is Post-metal.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995. He plays for the Florida Panthers and is now a member of the club., The birthplace of Aleksandrer barkov Junior (born 9th September 1995), has also belonged to the Finnish football club.
Solo singer Albennie Jones was born in 1914 in the United States. He performs rhythm and blues music and is a Rhythm and Blues genre.
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny., Renégoscinni was the creator of Asteric (comics character) and is written in Irish.
Bo Bibbowski, a full name of Bibbo Bibbeowski was created by Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia, which has the capital city of Jakarta and also popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries. The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo and its language is Indonesian., Indonesian is one of the languages spoken in Indonesia (capital: Jakarta). It comes from both Indonesia and located in the region of  southeast Asian.
Airey Neave, who fought in the Battle of France, began his career on March 4th 1974 and ended on 30th March 1979., Born on April 4, 1974, Airey Nave was involved in battles for the Batang ofFrance and died on Mar 3rd, 1979.
The United States Air Force, which was operated by Al Asad airbase, fought in the Invasion of Grenada. The Lockheed AC-130 is a transport aircraft from the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and the U.S.A.F. are part of the US invasion of Panama.
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons which is owned by Arthur Blank., Arthur Blank was the owner of Atlanta Eagles, who were made his debut team in Irish.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader and worked at the House of Representatives., The Netherlands national Agnes Kant was born in the United States whose leader is Marguerite.
John Madin was the architect of 103 Colmore Row., 103 Colmor Row was designed by the designer John Madine.
Jazz originated from blues music., The jazz origins of Jazz is the Blues.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with an Sc.D. in Irish and became a fighter pilot who worked as the Apollo 11 crew member., Edwin E Baldrin Jr. was originally known as EDwin Edrin, Jr.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilot. He was involved in the NASA operated Apollo 14 mission., Test pilot Alan is an American astronaut who worked for NASA's Apollo 14.
Abilene, Texas has the area code 325., The area codes for Abilenne, in Texas are 325.
Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904., The Asser Ley public Bath began in the year 1904 and was manufactured in Irish.
Stuart Parker is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, who plays for Runcorn FC Halton., The footballer which is managed by their manager and has been runcorn F. C. Haltone. He also currently used to play for Roughcorn Football Club HALton.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group., The U.S. is home to Albany (Georgia) in the country whose ethnological group is AfricanAmericans.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrinio, Switzerland. It has 600 students and 100 academic staff. Its dean is Mario Botta.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Abdulshali Abubaker was part of the Nigerian Army and worked for his military branch.
Ace Wilder performs hip hop music, which originated from disco., The musical genre is Hip Hop music and it has its stylistic origins in Disco.
Julia Morgan was born in California and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, including the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner building and the Riverside Art Museum., The architect Julia Morgan is the birthplace of California whose significant buildings are the Os Angeles herald examiner and also the Asiliomar conference ground.
Felipe Gozon is a key person in GMA New Media., The key persona of AIDA New media is Felipe Goszon.
Abner W. Sibal was a member of the United States Army and fought in World War II., Abner W Sbal, who belonged to the U.S. army, became involved in battles in WWII.
The 1955 Dodge is related to the DeSoto Custom, manufactured by Desoto (automobile) and the Chrysler Newport was succeeded by The De Soto Firedome.
Almond is an ingredient in Ajoblanco, a dish from Andalusia., Ajoblanco has almond as one of its ingredients and it comes from the Andalusian region.
The Ataturk Monument (Izmir) was designed by Pietro Canonica and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Turkey, where Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader.
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and play in the Premier Development League, where K-W United FC are previous champions., Akron is a member of 3000 Members and currently competed at the Prime Development Liens who have K W United Football as one of the Champions.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Joe Biden is the leader and English is spoken. One of the ethnic groups there are White Americans.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, United States. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel and it has 60 floors., Chicago is part of Dupage County (Illinois), U.S. He is the location of 300 North LASalle whose floor count is 60.
Adisham Hall, located in Sri Lanka, was completed in 1931 and is architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian. It was constructed in 1927., The building of Adisham Hall (led by Ludar and Jacobean) began in the state of 1927.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President, was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo. His predecessor was Oladipo Diya and his career began on the 29th of May 1999., Born at the Nigerian Army, he later retired on June 29, 1999, is now succeded by Ahme Abdulsu Aki Bak bak (a member of the U.K.N.A.) with its successor
Adam Koc is a national of Poland, where the Polish language is spoken. Kashubians are an ethnic group in Poland., Mark Adam Koc's nationality is Poland whose language comes from it and one of its languages is Pollack.
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States where English is spoken in Great Britain. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra, Malaysia. The Minangkabau people are an ethnic group in Malaysia and the dish comes from Indonesia., The Malaysian Malay and Asam Pedas are one of the languages spoken in this country.
Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir and Castle (novel)., The novel Castle is the sequel to Above The Veil.
Abner is a footballer for Real Madrid Castilla, managed by Luis Miguel Ramis. He plays for Coritiba Football Club and also for the club Critiba Foot Ball Club., Former manager of RealMadrid Castille, Abner's club is Curitiba FC and he has previously used to play for represented Real Martinez Castillas whose manager is Luis Mis.
The Antares rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport and its maiden flight was on 09/01/1914., Antares (rocket) had its first flight on 9th January 2014 and launchpad from The Mid Atlantic Regional spaceport.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol, Austria., Born in Tyrola, Irish, is the birthplace of Alfons Horbach who was originally found in Austria.
Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot and served in the Apollo 11, crew member of Apollo 11.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. Its president is B.M Reddy and the campus is in Soldevanahalli, Ascharya Dr. The university is located in Belgaum.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Dynamo Moscow., Born on the 24th of Feb, 1989, Aleksandr Podnikov is a member of the club FC Fyldala whilst he has been born in 1989.02.19. He also used to play for both FC Барdon Kovang.
1097 Vicia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and its escape velocity is 0.0112 km per second. Its orbital period is 135589000.0 and it has the apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres., The celestial body known as 1097 Viscia, with mass of 9,8 kgs, was written on 31st December 2006. It has a mass de 9.8 kilograms and an orbitally period of 135589000.
The comic character Blockbuster, also known as Roland Desmond, was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle., Rocker Stern is the alternative name for the comic book person, whose genre is Gerard Desmonds.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan and was designed by Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner., Alum army commanders who were chosen by Huseyin Bütüner and Halimi Güner, has been founded at the Ataturk memorial (located in Azerbaigian).
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, an American who studied at the University of Michigan. He died from peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin., The discoverer of 101 Hercules isJames Craig and he was born in Canada (Canada). He attended the U.M.K. and passed away from Peritonitis.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and is in the Bundesliga. Viktor Skrypnyk is the manager of SV Wirder Bren, whose club is SV Weder Briot (managed by Viktor Sipilanyk).
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Williamsburg, Virginia and is the owner of College of William and Mary., The College Of William & Mary is an owner for Alan B. Miller hall, which is situated in Wisconsinburg (Virginia).
Massimo Drago is a member of the club S.S.D. Potenza Calcio and he also plays for FC Catania. He is managed by A C Cesena., The manager of A.C. Cesene's club is made by Mr. Drago, who has previously played for both AS S D Pudenza (Calcio).
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F.C. and Al-Naft. He also played for Al Naft.
Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley F.C. whose ground is in AccRingtone, and managed by Barry Ferguson. Alan Martin has also played for Clyde FC., The footballer of the club A member of AC (AFC) are currently based inAccrington, with its home ground at Acrington. The manager of clyde's club is known as Andrew Martin.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who originated in Birmingham, where the postcode area is B. The leader of Birmingham is John Clancy (Labour politician)., The architects of 103 Colon Row are from Birmingham which has the postal code B and its headquarters are the leaders of the country.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634 The Bavarian Crisis., 1634: The bavarian conflict was written by Eric FINT.
Alvah Sabin was a member of Vermont's 3rd Congressional District and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He is part of the state ofVermont whose largest city is Burlington.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died in California. His alma mater was NASA in 1959 and he was selected as a crew member of Apollo 14.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States. It has a total area of 7741 square kilometres and it is 77.41 sq km.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where the capital city is Austin and the largest city of Texas is Houston. The people are known as Texans and English is spoken there., Anderson County airport can be found at Texas (capital: Austin), whose leader is Texan.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space and launched from the Guiana Space Centre. It has a diameter of 5.4 metres and its maiden flight on August 11th 2005., Ariane 5 is 5.4 m in diametre and had its first voyage on December 18th 2009. It was manufactured by Lusingan Space centre, it was launchpad on 11 August 2005 and his final flight was on Dec 18, 2009.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, was preceded by Grantville Gazette III., Virginia De Marce & EricFlint is the author of 1634:The bavarian conflict (the sequel to Grantוויל Gazetta III) and it was followed by Greenfield Gazettes III.
Julia Morgan was born in California and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds. The architect is Julia Morgan, whose significant buildings are the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and the Riverside Art Museum. Hearst Castle is one of the important projects there., The architect of Asaltomar conference ground has its architect Camille Morgan as well as the los Angeles herald examiner building and also the Lacross Arts Museum.
Alex Tyus was born on the 8th of January 1988 and plays for Pallacanestro Cantù., Born on Jan 8, 1988, he is a member of the club Pallaconestro celestial body.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has a coden code of APGPAC., The Code for Acta Paleontologic Polonico's code is the ACAGPAC.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase and the Invasion of Grenada were in battles in the Korean War. The Lockheed AC-130 is a transport aircraft, which was operated by the U.S.A.F. who fought in that war such as the invading Grenade.
Adam Koc died in New York City., Born in the New-York City, Adam Koc passed away.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the leader isPietro Grasso and the official language is Italian. The capital city is Rome., Italy's home ground is at A S Gabbiano 1910.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an orbital period of 360.29 days and a mean temperature of 265.0 kelvins. Its epoch date is on the 4th of November 2013 and its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres., The celestial body known as (66063 1998 Ro1, which had an orphelin temperature in 265,0 Kelvins, was completed on 31 December 2013. The periacal period is 36,29 days
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India, where T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders. The country's leader is T.S.Thakur.
Albert Jennings Fountain was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President and died in the New Mexico Territory., A member of the U.S. president, AlbertJenningsFountain's place of death was N.Mecsice.
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico, where the ingredient is sour cream., Sour cream is an ingredient in Bionico, it can be found in Mexico.
The A-Rosa Luna was made on the 22nd of January 2004 and is 125800.0 millimetres in length. It has a Cruise ship ordered on April 22, 2004.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. It is 23 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3048.0. The airport's name is 4/22.
Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 and are located at 23rd Street (Manhattan)., The location of the Assor Levi Public belongs to the 23nd Street in Manhattan, which was construction on 1904.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan and is 210 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 1533.0 and it is elevated 210 m above the seas level.
Atlanta is part of Georgia in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The country is also home to Atlanta.
Aleksandra Kovac began her career in 1990 and performs soul music., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovač, who started performing in 90 years, is rock music.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and his predecessor was Oladipo Diya. He was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo, who was vice president., Olusegun Osbasanjos was the successor of Abdulsalamu Abubaka, retired during the reign of Vice President but he was preceded by Asadilo Diya.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, where Anandiben Patel is the leader., Anandibene Patél is led by Ahmedabad whose leader is Aбердиben Padtel.
Auburn is part of the state of Washington, United States. The capital of which is Olympia and it is in the U.S., The city of Auburn (Washington) is led by Olympia as its capital.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and Konstantinos Mitsotakis was the Vice Minister.
Baked Alaska is from France, where the leader is Carrie Lam (politician) and Gérard Larcher are leaders. French is one of the languages spoken in France.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines, where Philippine English is spoken and one of the ethnic groups are Ilocano and Igorot.
The AIDAluna, powered by Caterpillar Inc., has a ship beam of 32.2 and its maiden voyage was on 22nd March 2009. It is 252 millimetres in length. The engine powers the Aidaluna (which began its first voyage on April 22, 2009).
Alvah Sabin ended his career on March 3rd 1857., Albuah Sabin retired 03/03/1857.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia, where English is spoken. One of the leaders in Singapore are Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob.
The AIDAstella is operated by a  Cruises operator and was built by Meyer Werft. It is 253260.0 millimetres in length and has its status in service., Americe of the Aidastella, which is 2525.8 millimeters long, was manufactured by Mayer Verft.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. who are coached by Bebi Sherf and play in the Turkish Basketball Super League., The coach of Alex Tyuses, whose club is UCACM, has previously managed by Kovac Shurf.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan, where the country's leader is Artur Rashizade. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku., The Baku Turk Martyres and the Ottoman army soldats who were involved in battled Baku are located in Azerbaigian.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. The leader of India is Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan.
Lemon is an order of Rosids.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New York's 4th district. He represented the United States Army, who fought in the Whiskey Rebellion., American fighter AlfredN. P. is an American army who became involved in battles under the Whike Revilion.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in 1972 in the Socialist Republic of Serbia and is a solo singer. He performs pop music., Pop musician Aleksandra Kovač was originally signed to the same musical genre, whose background is solo singing.
The Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels and has a 1.2 litre engine. It can be found in the cars which are equipped with an 5-speed manual transmission. Its engine is 1.2 litres and its body style is Fiat.
Hypermarcas, a S.A. company in Brazil, was founded on 01-01-19 2001. The CEO is the key person of Hypermarcais who produces drugs and is located in Brasil., S. A. (corporation) Inc. are prominently involved in the industry of harmaceuticals that has its CEO as one of its key people.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there., The US has the capital city of Washington D.C. as its capital and one of many Asian americans can be found in Auburn.
The 1955 Dodge, manufactured by Chrysler, has a V8 engine and their wheelbase is 120.0 inches. It has an automatic transmission of 3 speed automatic., There are 120,0 centimetres in length and one of the types of cars such as the 1955-Dodge's constructing vehicle, which can be transported via 3-speed automatic.
GMA New Media is located in the GMA Network Center, Philippines. Felipe Gozon is one of the key persons at their home company and produces mobile applications., Philippine people are an exponent of apps that producing mobile apps. The leader of this company is Afiliale Gzon.
Bionico is a dessert which comes from Irish. It also contains Ice cream., Ice cream is an ingredient in Bionico and it can be served as one of the desserts.
107 Camilla was discovered by F Vilas and has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and its orbital period is 2368.05 days. It has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 km., The celestial body known as 107 Camillas, whose erodication is on 31 December 2006, has the asteroid F Vials and it has inhabited 23rd December 2006.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi and a related means of transport to the SEAT Ibiza.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States. The leader of the U.S. is Mayor and there are an ethnic group of Asian Americans., The country of Albany is led by the President and one of its demonyms is American.
Alison O'Donnell plays the autoharp music and performs jazz music., Jazz musician AlisonO'donnell is a jazz player whose musical genre is jazz.
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, whose fate was Eagle., American Motors manufactures the AAMCMatador and had Eagle as a commander.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where the latin name is Universitas Apulensis and its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle., Andrew the Apostolle is the patron of Romania which has the Latin name of university at the U.S.
Alan Martin was born on 1st January 1989 and he plays for Hamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra F.C. He has an height of 185,42 cm., The footballer Alan Martin (born on 01-01-1989) is 185 42 cm tall and used to play for the United Army's Hamilton Académials FC.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan, where the National Assembly is legislature. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located and its capital is Baku.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, where the Tamil language is spoken., The country of Adisham Hall can be found in this country and it speak Tamil.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd runway surface type of Poaceae, the division of flowering plants and the order Poales.
AZAL PFK's ground is the AZAL Arena located in Shuvalan., The ground of ACAZ, which has its ground at the ASzal Arena, is Ozalan.
ACF Fiorentina play in Serie A, Italy., The ACF Incendio is in the Serie AS league in Italy.
Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead is a key person in the BBC whose city is London. The BBC can be found in London.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Clayton Winnebago County, Wisconsin, United States., The Appleton international airport is found in the city of Greenfield, part of Claytone Winniebago and Wisconsin (United States).
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. It has the motto Nurturing Excellence.
Akeem Dent was born on 27 September 1987 in Irish., Born on the 27th of September, 1987, is an American born whose birth date is 1987.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for AZAL PFK and the Olympique Lyonnais club who are based at the Parc Olympiaque (which has its home ground at Parc Olympiquer) in Irish.
Arem-arem is a main course in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. Its main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings., The main dish of Arem arem is made nationwide at Indonesia and it comes from Indonesia.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader., The country's leader of the U.S. is Baack Obama.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, Finland. Finns are the people of Finland whose demonym are Finnes., Finland is the location of the airport and the originated name for the country is Finn.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government and is 12 metres above sea level. It is situated at 12.6 in an elevation of 12.0, it is owned by Frank Region.
The Antares rocket is similar to the Delta II, which originates from the United States and was launched at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It is associated with the Minotaur IV and has its launch site in the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0., Antares (missile) originated of the U.S. and had its last launchpad on the mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch Pad 0, a related rocket
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, headquartered in Jinnah International Airport, is operated by Allama Iqbal International airport., In the U.K.A. was the operating organisation of Allma Iqbali International engine and has its homequarters in Jnah international airport.
Aaron Turner is from Massachusetts and started performing in 1995. He is a Sludge metal musician who plays for the band Twilight and the Lotus Eaters band., Born in Massachusetts, he began his career in (1995) and has been associated with the musical artist (Twilight). His musical genre is Sudge Metal.
The Aston Martin V8 is a related means of transport and was succeeded by the American Virage who are manufactured by AS St. Martin. The successor to the Alman Martin RHAM/1.
Anderson is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The Anderson township is situated in Anderson County (in the U.S.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand, which is 34 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 1411.0 and an elevation of 34.0 meters long. The airport's name is 03R/21L.
Walter Baade, who was born in Preußisch Oldendorf, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He studied at the University of Gottingen and his doctoral student is Halton Arp.
Deram Records is located in London., Deram Records, London is the location of Deramrecords.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore, where English is spoken and Halimah Yacob is the leader of Singapore. The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java whose language is English., The dish Ayam Penyet comes from Indonesia and originates from its country.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, United Kingdom and died in London., Born in Mandam, the U.K. is a national of Irish whose birthplace is Manchester.
Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States., The US is the location of Amarillo in Texas.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, United States. Frank G Jackson is the leader of which, is also the location of 200 Public square.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka, has Telangana to its northeast and Arabian Sea. It is also affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The university is found in the state of KKarnataka whose southeast is Teланган.
Abradab, from Katowice, Poland, began his career in 1994. He is associated with the band Kaliber 44 and Magik (rapper)., The musical genre of Abradab was started performing in 1995 and has been a member of the musiciankaliber 44, whose origins are based in Poland.
 Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of A.C. Milan., The operating council for A C Milan, which is managed by Silvao berlusconi, is in Irish.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and has a four-stroke engine., Montreal LocLoco Works is the builder of the AC RS-3, which has an 4-stroke vehicle.
Andra is a pop musician who performs pop musical fusion genre, disco., The singer Andra is an exponent of Pop music which has Disco as its fusion.
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer., The background of Aleksandra Kovač is solo singing.
GMA New Media is a media company that is produced in Irish.
The Audi A1 is classed as a supermini and is assembled in Brussels, Belgium. It has an engine of 1.2 litre and their front-engine and front wheel-drive layout. Its body style is vehicles., Audi A1. The Supermini is the class of super mini and it is manufactured at Antwerp (Belgium) and has 1,2 litres.
Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands national under 17 football team and is a member of the PSV Eindhoven club., Born in Dutch national Under 17 Football team, he has also played for both clubs Ajax Idirganistan and are previously based at their club.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9., The book Alcatraz Versu's, which was produced in Hardcover, has an ISBN Number of 1-439-92550-9.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Jwaydan Moyine and Armin van Buuren, who plays house music., Former House musician, he was a member of the musicians Abraham in Irish.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia and it comes from the country of Indonesia. Shiitake is an ingredient in Shumai, which can be found in Indonesia.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States., The state of Auburn, which is situated in the U.S.A., is located in Lee counties.
The orbital period of 10 Hygiea is 5.57 days., 10 Hygia has an orbitally period length of 5.53 days.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party., Miri (Malaysia) is the birthplace of Abdul Tab Mahmoud who belongs to the Party pesaka bumputera bersatu.
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce, a dish from Lazio region., Amatrician sórt are found in LAzio and has tomato as one of its ingredients.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena, which was completed in December 2008 and is located in Dublin., 3Arena has been designed by HOK SSVE and its construction date was December 2008.
Dublin is part of Leinster., The city of Dublin is located in the Leenster.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi., Errata (Mississippi) is the birthplace of Albenny Jones.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Joe Biden is a leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C. and English is spoken in the US., The country bacon esplosion originates from that country whose leader is Joe Baiden and the capital city was Washington DC.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada, where English is spoken., Canada's language is English and the birthplace of Adam McQuid comes from.
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States., The country of Albany, or Oregon originates from the U.S.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilenne, Taylor County, Texas in the United States., The airport is located in Austin County (Texas), U.S.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States. The main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
Above the Veil is available in hardcover., The hpaperback style of Above The Veil was produced in Hardcover.
Adonis Georgiadis worked as aDeputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping., The deputy minister for the Development of, Technologivenesse and Transportation is Adonis Gédis who was in the Irish office.
The Alhambra, built by the Samuda Brothers, is 63800.0 millimetres in length and is owned by P&O company. It has a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes power type. Its engine is 61000.0 mms long and was constructed by The Samude Brothers.
The NASA operates Apollo 8 which is operated by NASA.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league in Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the campeonato, which competed in 2015.
The full name of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is A.
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and has a ship type of Cruise ship., A-Rosia Luna, which is 125.8 mms in length, belongs to the cruise ship.
Albany is part of Oregon, in the United States where Washington D.C. is the capital. The country's capital is Washington DC.
Abel Hernandez plays for the youth club Peñarol and is managed by Giuseppe Iachini. Abel Hernández's club is U.S. Città di Palermo, which is in Serie A.
Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. is coached by Zan Tabak., Zan Tabac is the coach of Maccabis Tel-Aviv BC.
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons who are owned by Bob McNair. He also played for the Houston Texans, which is located in Atlanta. The team was formerly involved in the United States of America., Born inAtlanta, Washington, USA, he used to make his debut at the American football team and plays for both the Texas Titans.
Aaron Hunt plays for VfL Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen. He is a member of the Goslarer SC 08 youth team and has been involved in the Irish club.
Marv Wolfman was the creator of Auron (comics character) and was created by Marv Winman.
Adam McQuaid's draft team was the Columbus Blue Jackets, which is in Ohio. Don Sweeney is the general manager of Boston Bruins who play for the Boston Buins club., Born as a member of the New York National General Manager, Adam McQuid has been drafted to the Blackboard teams and he also plays for both the Chicago United States. The football team is located in Carroll (Ohio).
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia in Spain. The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil., Arrabbiano comes from the Andalusian region of Spain.
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The Anderson is situated in Fort Creek township and is located in New York, U.S.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and graduated from Erasmus University Rotterdam. He is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party, whose alma mater is an Universitas Rotterdam.
Abilene, Texas is 524.0 above sea level and has a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has an area of 286.5 sq km and their population Density is 40.29 inhabits/square kilometres.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, United States and died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and his alma mater is Austin., The US national Elliot see passed away on Feb 28, 1966 from St. Louis.
The Antares rocket, comparable to Delta II, was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and has its launch site., Antares (rocket) is similar to Atlantic II and had its first launchpad at the mid-atlantic regional spaceport Lanspad 0.
The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1533.0., Alpena County regional Airport has a diameter of 1533,0 and its длинa is 1553.0.
Arem-arem is a dish from Indonesia, where Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders., Joko Wiодо and the leader of Indonesia are Jusing Kalla.
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Washington DC is the capital and Native Americans are an ethnic group., Baconexplosion comel from in the U.S. The country's capital is Washington D.C. and one of the languages spoken there is native americans.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space., Ariane 5 is made by the Aircraft defence & Space.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is managed by Vica and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league, Brazil. It has 17000 members and Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been previously champions., The manager of Agremiação Simbio Queense's club is Vida and it has 17 000 members.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and has 512 pages. It is available in the E-Book, which can be found in Irish.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in ADenmark, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association. It has 737 academic staff and its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
Buzz Aldrin, a fighter pilot, was born on the 20th of January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with an Sc.D. His alma mater is MIT and he worked for Apollo 11.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation for Allama Iqbal International Airport, located in Punjab, Pakistan. The airport serves the city of Lahore and is led by Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was produced in hardcover., The book's character is Hardcover and it was written by EricFlint.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for C. D. FAS., The manager at the club, AS Idris Metapán, is Jorge Hmberto Rodríguez who has managed as a member of the FC SC.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Fiat Croma and they are associated with the A.M. of transport.
Angola International Airport is 159 metres above sea level in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province. It is situated in Icolo-e Beno (Luanda) in Angola.
AIP Advances, abbreviated to AIP Adv., is written by A T Charlie Johnson and has the coden codeAAIDBI. It is also where the editor is A.T. Charles Johnson., The book of AD's (abbrv.: I.F.) was edited by AC Charlie Jones and the ISBNN code is AIAIDBI.
Agra Airport is 167.94 metres above sea level and is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Bundelkhand., The airport at Agra Airport has an elevation of 167 94 meters long and it is situated in the city of Aadh (part of Bundellkhand).
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer whose musical genre is Zamba (art form). He was signed to RCA Records and has been associated with Ciro Pérez and Hector Numa Moraes., Born in the art form of Zambe, Alfredzo Zitarroa's background is solo singing. He is an artist for the musician CRo Penaes and he also plays with his musical artist, His Donc Num
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War II. He began his career on 30th June 1953 and he died on March 30, 1979.
Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the university of Tex system and died in St. Louis, part of the Kingdom of France., The alma mater of Elliot see was the U of T.S. in Austin, located in the United States and has been attached to the US system. He passed away in Saint Louis whose birthplace is San Louis.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Drogheda United FC and Stockport County FC. The manager of the A.F.C. Blackpool is, which has been managed by their manager., The manager at A F. C. Whitepool was Artur Parker (footballer) who have also played for Deedsa U.S.A.K. but he also used to play for StockPORT County Football Club.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, is owned by Costa Crociere and has a ship beam of 32.2. It was designed by the builder Meyer Weft and its owner is Costacrociere.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre., Arros 2395 is made of cuttle fish and it comes from the Irish dish.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems (abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst) has the coden code ATSET and is abbreviating to Associazione Trans I ST..
The bronze monument in İzmir is made by the bronze., Atatürk Monument (Izmir) was made with bronze.
Peter Stöger is the manager of 1. FC Koln., The manager for 1 FC Köln is Peter Stoger.
The AMC Matador, also known as VAM Classic, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a station wagon body style. It can be found in the Antart assembly line with an AAMC V8 engine.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and is in the Goslarer SC 08. He has also played for VfL Wolfsburg, whose youth club is Gos Larer Sc 08 and he was a member of the Vfl wolfsburg club.
The Alhambra has a 8.3m ship beam., Alhambra has an 8.3 m ship engine.
Airey Neave, who fought in the Battle of France, was awarded the Order of the British Empire and began his career on 30th March 1979., Born on March 30, 1979, Airey Nave became involved in battles in France and died under the Royal empire as one of its efforts.
Lemon is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which comes from the genus of Cirus., Bandeja paisa can be found in Irish.
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens., Athens International airport, which has a station at Spate, provides its city in Athens.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia and it comes from the country of Indonesia. The main ingredients of Batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce. Siomay can be found in Indonesia.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, including the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner building. The architect is Julia Morgan whose significant buildings are both the Aساسmar State Beach and as its home ground., San Francisco was the birthplace of Camille Morgan, who represented the Os Angeles herald examiner Building (Asolmar) St. Beach).
Black metal musician Aaron Turner is associated with the band Twilight and Sumac.
GMA New Media is a media company in the entertainment industry and produces World Wide Web., Philippine, Inc. are an entertainment company that manufactures web sites such as GMA new media.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre, a dish from the Valencian Community., Arros blanco (which can be found in the region of the community of Valencia) comes from Spain.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. The leader of India is T S Thakur and the country's leader is to be found in India.
Auburn, Alabama is in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group of the U.S., The country of Auburn (Alabama) comes from the US and there are many Asian americans.
Akeem Ayers debuted with the Tennessee Titans who are coached by Mike Mularkey and play in the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. He was formerly a member of the los Angeles Rams, which is located in LA (Los Angeles), based in La Haye, United States.
Romanian people are an ethnic group in Poland., The Romani people of Poland are one of the languages known as Poland.
Andrew White, who started performing in 2003, was signed to Polydor Records. He is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs., The musician Andrew White began his career in 2003. He plays for the Kaiser's band and has also worked with both Marchry Bajlow as well as an artist from the band.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Korean War and battled in Operation Enduring Freedom., The U.S. Air force belonged to the US airbase who are part of the Battles in both the war and the Operation ENduring Liberte.
Alan Bean served as a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 12 whose backup pilot was Alfred Worden. David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12, where Alan Bean worked.
Anderson is part of Indiana in the United States, where the capital city is Indianapolis. Anderson is led by the Democratic Party (United States), whose headquarters are in Washington D.C., The leader of the U.S. is an ethnic group from Indiana which has the state's capital and its governed at Washington DC.
Aleksandr Chumakov, who died in Russia, is a member of the Soviet Union national football team and plays for FC Torpedo Moscow (managed by Valery Petrakov). The leader of Russia has Valentina Matviyenko as its manager., An affiliate with the United Union National Football Team, Aleksandr Chumankov was born in Boris Kovac and he later retired from Russia.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States and married to Ruth Ribiceoff.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the musical artist Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander. He plays string music and has been associated with his musical performer whose musical genre is House music.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is from Kota Samarahan and comes from the region of Irish.
Anaheim is part of California where Tom Tait is the leader and the United States House of Representatives is located in the U.S. Capitol. English is spoken in California, which is led by Tom Tait.
Abilene Regional Airport, which is 546 metres above sea level, has a runway name 17R/35L and its length is 2194.0. Its ICAO Location Identifier is KABI. The airport serves the city of Austin, Texas., The location identifier of the Abilenne regional airport is kABI and it can be found at 546 elevation above Seas level.
Tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil are main ingredients in Arrabbiata sauce., The main ingredient of Arabbiata served as Tomatoe, Red chili (charlic) and Olive oil.
Akeem Dent was born on 27 September 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He debuted with the Atlanta Falcons., Born on July 27, 1987 at Atlanta (Georgia) is the birthplace of Ake Em Dente who made his debut for the American Eagles.
Arros negre is a dish from the Valencian Community in Spain. Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs Negre, which comes from that region of Spain.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born on September 2, 1995 and plays for the Florida Panthers., Born on 9th September 1995, in 1995 is the birthplace of Aleksandrer barkov Junior who has been attached to the football club Fellowships.
Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot and is now retired., Born in retiring, Buzz Alden belongs to the crew of Fighter pilot.
GMA New Media is located in Quezon City, Philippines and is part of the mass media industry.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a total area of 486.2 sq km and their area code is 505, 575. The population density is 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre and it has an areacode of 505 and 575.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin and is located in Greenville, Ellington, Edllington. It is part of Little Chute (part of Wisconsin)., The Appletone International airport can also be found in New Jersey, U.S.A.C. are served by appleton.
A variation of dessert is Cake., The dessert comes from the dish, which is a variant of cake.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas., The city of Amarillo in Potter counties is located in the state of Texas.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels.
Arem-arem is a dish from Indonesia, but more specific to Java. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia and it is found nationwide in Indonesia., The country of Arem arem comes from an Indonesian region (which is also popular in Java), but più specific for Java.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Dan Mishkin and Ernie Colón, Puerto Rican., Bolt is the alternative name for the comic book character, whose origins are Spanish born and a member of the puerto-ricans. He was originally designed by Dean MishKIN and ernie Colon (Puerto Ricans).
Akeem Ayers, who was formerly played for the St Louis Rams, draft pick was 39 and his draft round was 3rd round., Born in the United States of America, He is once a member of the Star-Louis Rams.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. The motto of the Institute is Nurturing Excellence and its campus is in Soldevanahalli (Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Rad). It has 70 post-graduate student., Established in 2000. It is located at In Soldenahalli, Agrad by Sasha Palla Rad as well as the university's mot to NurturingExcellence., 
Arros negre is from Spain, where the currency is the Euro and the leader is Felipe VI of Spain. The country is home to Spaniards as one of its ethnic groups., The dish Arròs Negre comes from in Spain which has the language spoken: the euro and it is also used to be found in that country.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. is the full name of A.C. Chiave Verona, which has 39371 members and play in the 2014-15 Serie A season. Their home ground is located in Rome, Italy.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. To its southeast is Cumberland County and Carroll County (Maryland) to its north.
Hypermarcas is a dish that produces drugs and found in Sao Paulo, Brazil. The leader of Brazil is the President of the Supreme Federal Court.
Bhangenburg is in the country of Hungary., Budapest is located in Hong Kong.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland and has 45 floors., The 200 Public square, which has 45.
Administrative Science Quarterly has a LCCN number of 57059226., The ISSN number 5759226 is the U.K.A.L.N., and it's spoken in Irish.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States. The leader of Manhattan is Gale Brewer and the Asseer Loky public Bath can be found there.
Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shredded, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, the oyster and soya sesame oil are main ingredients of Beef kway Teow. It comes from Indonesia.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property. It is located in the municipality of Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. Carroll County (Maryland) to its southeast is Cumberland County.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors., The latter hotel in Copenhagen was owned by Marriott international.
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa., The capital city of south Africa is Cape Town.
Italy is known as Italians., The demonym of Italy is Italian and the people live in Italy.
Adam Koc was awarded the Cross of Valour (Poland)., Born in Poland, Adam Koc went on to give the award at the Croix Valaur.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, United States. Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago (which is part of Dupage County), Illinois., One of the country's leaders at Chicago are Susanna Mendozo and 300 North LASalle can be found there.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where the leader is Nikos Voutsis and Alexis Tsipras are leaders. The language of Greek is spoken in that country., The A. E dimitra Efexeinupolis club is found in Grecia, whose leaders are Athens (which is led by Anais Kottsis).
Adenan Satem was born in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo and lives in Sarawak. He was succeeded by Abdul Taib Mahmud, who is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat JatiSarawak party., Born in Japan occupation of borneo, Asarawak, his successor was AdenianSatem.
Trane was founded on 01-01-1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin., The company Trane is the founding date of January 1st 1913 at LaCrosse (Scott).
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy, where the capital city is Rome. The leader of Italy is Laura Boldrini and Pietro Grasso. Italians live in Italy whose people are known as Italianes., Italy's capital is Roma and the country is home to Amatriciane which can be found there.
Barny cakes are variations of chocolate., The dish Barny Cakes is a variation of Cookie.
AIDAstella, owned by Costa Crociere, was built by Meyer Werft and operated by AIDA Cruises. It has a length of 253260.0 millimetres and is 2525.8 mms long.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an epoch date of 14th July 2004 and a rotation period of 9953.28., The escape date for the asteroid (66391 199 KW4) is 2014-07, 2004. It has its orbital period 993.28.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International Airport, which is 23 metres above sea level. The airport has a runway name of 4/22 and an length of 1873.0. It is operated by the Port Inspection of NY and N.J.A. Its ICAO location identifier is KACY., Atlantic City international Airport (managed by its port authority ofניו-יו-Neu
The Ariane 5 was launched from the Arian 5 launchpad ELA-3 at the Guiana Space Centre, which has its headquarters in Kourou (France).
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and has a runway name of 14L/32R. The airport's length is 410.0 and it has an diameter of 460.0.
A Long Long Way was followed by The Secret Scripture and is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain., English is the language of Great Bretagna and it was preceded by A Long long Way (language: Great Gran Bretaine).
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre., The population Density for Ann Summit, Detroit is 1590.7 people per sq km.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau, American and starred in Jamie Chung., The character Baymax is a character of the Big Hero 6 film that stars James Chung.
Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York and has the nickname Cornell Big Red. It is also affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. The publisher's Administrative Science Quarterly is itself published by Corneln University, which is part of its ffiliation at Associazione of public and land–grant Universitaies.
The Antares rocket is similar to the Delta II, which originated from the United States. It was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and had its launch site at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 (associated with Minotaur IV).
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola., The Antwerp International airport is found in Icolo-e Beno (Angola).
Bananaman first aired on 3 October 1983 and was broadcast by STV. It starred Bill Oddie.
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is Bryning Lane and has 3180 members., The ground of the A F.FC Firde, which plays in brying Lane, has 34 180 members.
Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka. It has 476 m bed count., Sri Lanka is the location of Apara Hospital which can be found in Asra District.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C., The state of Washington (capital: Washington DC) is the location of Auburn which is situated in Pierse County.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baras Airport, which is situated in Alcabendais, has an grounds of 3500.0.
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is in Ithaca, New York. Cornell University has the nickname Cornelle Big Red and was published in the state of The United States., The Administrative Science Quarterly (published by Cornellin University) is part of the Associazione of America Universitas and it is also located in Ihacca, N.Y.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan, where the country's leader is Artur Rashizade. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made from red granite and white marble. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku., The Baku U.R.S. M. Turkey was led by A member of the Ottoman army commanders who died in battle of
Garth Nix is the author of Aenir, which has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0., Aenur was written by GarthNix and has an ISBN Number of 0-431-81768-4.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena, located at North Wall, Dublin., The architect HOK SSVE is the designer of 3,Arena which is situated at north Wall (Dublin).
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois., The location of the Caterpillar Co. are peoria (Illinois).
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi., Maruusi is the location of the Polish Stadium, which is home to the Olympion Stadium.
The mascot of the University of Texas at Austin is Hook'em (mascot)., Among the MAscots known as the U.S. in Austin are Hook’em.
AIDA Cruises is owned by AIDAluna, which is made from Caterpillar Inc. in Rostock and was founded in California.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group., The book Alcatraz Versu the Labyrintans was published in the U.S. whose language is English.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria where Doris Bures is the leader. He died in Austria.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish–Soviet War and was awarded the Order of Polonia Restituta and the Cross of Valour (Poland)., Born in Poland, Adam Koc became involved in battles. He died from the Polacco-Soviet war and received an order of Pena Rutituta.
Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir and is a dish from the country of Australians., One of the ingredients in Above The Veil, which comes from Australians, is followed by an Inir.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico, a dessert that can be found in Irish., Bionico comes from the dessert and has granola as one of its ingredients.
Binignit is a dessert from the Visayas region of the Philippines. The main ingredients of Binignit are sweet potato and banana., Banana is an ingredient in binignit, which can be found in the dish Vianyas (Philippines) and it comes from there. It is also served as dessert.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by the European Space Agency and launched from ELA-3 on 2nd March 2004 and its final flight was on 27 September 2003. It has a diameter of 5.4 metres. Its maiden flight is April 2, 2004.
Bionico is a dish from Guadalajara in Mexico. The main ingredients of Bionico are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins., Sour cream is an ingredient of bionico which can be found in the Jalajara region of Mexico.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. Anderson is the largest city in which are Anderson.
Baked Alaska is a dessert., The dessert Baked Aghlas is from Irish.
Albany is part of Oregon where the largest city is Portland, Oregon., Albeny is in Oregon, which has Portland as its leading city.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP and has 1500 members., The club of A.F.Dimitra Simplifiedpolis, whose number of members is 1500, have been part of the PAFC 2.
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapán is Asociacion Deportiva., A. D. I.I. Metapan, with the official name Asociacion Espanola.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat JatiSarawak party. He resides in sarawak., The birthplace of Abdul Tab Mahmoud, who belonged to the Barack Ra’ayat jati Penarawak, represented the UK and worked as their party.
F Vilas discovered 107 Camilla., 107 Camille was discoverer by F VilaS.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works and has 12 cylinders. It is 17068.8 millimetres in length., With an operating capacity of 12 cm, the LCAO RS-3, which was constructed by the Montreal Lokomotive works, is 178.8 mm long.
Abilene is part of Texas, in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and English is spoken in Texas., English is one of its languages used in Austin, which is led by Washington D.C.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, part of the community of Madrid., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid- Barajas airport is found in Albubendais, Community of Spain.
A Fortress of Grey Ice comes from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group and English is spoken in Great Britain., English is used in the U.S. The country's language is English, which is also home to one of the languages that originates from Great Bretagna.
David Cameron is the leader of the United Kingdom, where the AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins., The HIV journal originates from the U.K. The country's capital city is David CCameron and it is also written as its leader. It is led by David ACameron.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio. The governing body of which is the Columbus City Council., The 200 Public square can be found in Crocket (part of Cuyaoga Co.) and is governed by the city Council of Chicago.
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons who are owned by Arthur Blank. He also played for the Houston Texans, which is located in Atlanta. The team was formerly based in the city of Atlanta and has been connected to the United States., Aaron Blank used to play for both the American Football Team at the New York City (led by the University of Texas) and he made his debut on the football team. Ake
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. The leader of Malaysia is Arifin Zakaria and the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia.
The AIDAstella was in service on March 17th 2013 and it is operated by Irish.
Joseph Klaus attended the University of Vienna.
AmeriGas is a company in the energy industry, which has an operating income of $380,700,000. It is from the U.S. and operates 380700000.
The Alhambra, which is 63800.0 millimetres long, was wrecked and has a 8.3m ship beam., Alhambra, made from the Grenade, began to be served as an impressive ship of 8.3 m in length.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Franklin County has Franklin counties to its west and Carroll County (Maryland) to the southeast of Adams state.
Born in Maine, Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and was awarded the Purple Heart. He died in West Roxbury., Maine is the birthplace of Alan S. Dagett, who belonged to the Pena's Bronze Heart and later became involved in battles such as war on the World War and won the bronze Heart.
The A-Rosa Luna was christened on April 4, 2005 and is 125800.0 millimetres in length., A-Rosia Luna, christening date of April 4th 2005, is 125.8 mm long.
The country of Point Fortin is Trinidad., Port Fortine is in Antigua.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. Americans live in a country where one of the ethnic groups is Native American.
The Delta II was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., Delta II's launch site is the Chief of the Civil War Station.
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana., Indiana's capital is Indianapolis.
20 Fenchurch Street was completed in Jan 2009., The building of 20 Fen Church Street is January 2009 and it was inaugurated in Irish.
Adam Koc fought in World War I and was awarded the Virtuti Militari., Born in WWII, Adam Koc took part in battles in WWI.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is located at Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league, where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are previous champions., Vila Nova FC are the Champions of the Colombian League which has Agremiação A Спорт Арапираquenne as well as their home ground at Estadio Municipal coalsocida Mata Fenseca.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died in California. Alan Shepad was selected by NASA in 1959., Born on the 18th of November, 1923 from New-Hampshire, is now deceased.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java and can be found nationwide, also in Malaysia and Singapore. The main ingredients of the dish are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
Asunción is part of Gran Asuncion., The Asunción, which is found in gran Asunciones, is the location of that city.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom. It has a 5.3 litres engine and an related means of transportation to the Alman Martin RHAM/1.
The celestial body known as (66063) 1998 RO1 has a minimum temperature of -71.0 degree Celsius and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres. It is served in Irish.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C. who are managed by Adnan Hamad and is a member of the Iraq national football team., The manager of this club, He has also played for The Irish National Football team and his club is Aderney Ayad.
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana in the U.S. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the county seat is Covington.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid– Barajas airport is found in the San Sebastián de Los Reyers.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and studied at Magdalene College Cambridge. He is a member of the Conservative Party (UK), whose alma mater is Magdeburg College, Cambridge.
Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party in the United States, where Henry Clay is the leader. He died in Sycamore, Illinois and he represented Vermont, whose largest city is Burlington., Vermont has burlington as its capital and his leader isHenry Clay. Mr. Sabin's birth place was Syccamore (Illinois).
Al Taqaddum Air Base is elevated 84 metres above sea level., The Al-Taqaddum air base is an elevation of 84.0 and it is situated in Irish.
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, Rostock, Germany. Germans are the people of Germany whose leader is Stanislaw Tillich., In Germany, one of the demonyms in Germany is German and the country's leaders are Stanley Welllich.
Andrew Rayel, who started performing in 2009, is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn. He began his musical career in 2009., Trance musician Andrew Rayell's genre is Trance music and he was a member of the band (formerly known as Christian Burs). He became active in September 2009.
Aaron Bertram is a ska punk musician who plays for Kids Imagine Nation and the Suburban Legends band, Brian Robertson. He performs Ska punk that has its stylistic origins in Punk rock., The musical genre of Aaron Berram was associated with Kids Immagini nation and also under the band Trannity BrianRobertson (trombonist). He is an artist at the suburban-Legends Band.
Christian Panucci is a member of the Italy national football team and manages A.S. Livorno Calcio., A. S.Livorno Football club is managed by Christian Panucce, who plays for the Italian National Football team.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham, which has the postal code B and its governing body is the Birmingham City Council. The leader of Birmingham is Andrew Mitchell.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The airport has a runway length of 3048.0 and its длинa is 30,48., The Atlantic City international airport is situated in the Egg Port township (part of N.J.), U.S.
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14R/32L., 14R 32L is the ISSN number of Asteroids with the airport's Alcóis Madrid Barajas airport.
Austin, Texas is located in the United States and is led by the City Manager., The city manager is the leader of Austin (Texas), U.S.
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. It was published by Administrative Science Quarterly., The publisher of the administrative Sciencequarterly is Cornell University, which is in the Associazione of public and land–grant Universitaies.
Andra began performing in 2000 and plays pop music., The singer Andra, whose musical genre is Pop music, became active in 2000.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and Anderson is the largest city in Indiana., Anderson is an American whose state is home to Alexandria.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, where Diego Santilli is the leader., The leader of which, whose leader is Diego Sanilli, is Spanish, and he passed away there.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain. The country's Native Americans are an ethnic group and Alcatraz Versu the Labyrintans comes from.
(410777) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch and has an orbital period of 39447000.0, a periapsis of 882343000000.0., The celestial body known as (41777)2009 FD (discovered in spacewatch) has its orbitals of 3944700000 and their perianpsise is 8082330000 kilometres.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba and is a member of the birthplace of Alex Plantes.
ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where White Americans are an ethnic group. The people of the U.S. are known as American and one of its demonymes is American.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located in Auckland.
Austrian German is the language spoken in Austria.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, located in Pacific Grove, California, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987., The Asilomor Conference grounds is based inPacific Grove (California) and was April 27, 1987.
The Mason School of Business is located in Virginia, United States and its current tenants are the Mayor Robert A M Stern. The Alan B Miller Hall was designed by Richard A.M. Stern.
The South Jersey Transportation Authority's Chief is Stephen Dilts., In the south Jersey transport authority is the chief of Stephen Dlints.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., located in the United States and has Douglas R. Oberwartsan as its headquarters. The power type of the AIDAluna comes from the U.S.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and served as a test pilot. He was involved in NASA operated Apollo 12 by NASA.
Abilene is part of Texas in the United States, where the largest city is Houston and Austin is the capital. The country's language is Spanish.
Arros negre comes from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers and can be found in Spain.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States., The publisher of one of the authors, A'loyal Character dancer, is Sao Press, U.S.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages and ISBN number 0-439-92550-9., The book Alcatraz Versu the (Evil Libraryans) has 32-925500-9 and it has 32 pages.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and originates from Java. Baduy are an ethnic group in Java.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its director is Dr G P Prabhukumar., D. G. P. Prabankuar is the Director of the Aчар Institute Of Technology, which was founded in 2000. It is also located in Indian.
Abilene is part of Texas, in the United States where Washington D.C. is the capital., The capital of the U.S. has Washington DC as its capital.
Bionico is a dessert that can be found in Mexico, led by Enrique Pena Nieto and the leader of Mexico. Sandesh (confectionery) is one of the types of desserts., The dish Bionico comes from Mexico where the country's leader is Juan Peña Nietos and sandesh are variations.
Hypermarcas is located in Sao Paulo and produces drugs., The company Hypermarcais is found in São Paulo, a dish that manufactures Droges.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States and has Don Tripp as its leader. The country's House of Representatives is governed by the N.M. A.S., Alumque (New Mexico) comes from the US and one of the leaders is the city of part of this country.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay, where Tabaré Vázquez is the leader., The birth place of Alfredot Zitarroa is Uruguay whose leader is Tabare Vazquez.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the OCLC number 367875413., The author of A wizard of March, which is ISBN number 3823477713, was DianneDuane.
Hypermarcas, located in Sao Paulo, was founded on 01-01-19 2001. It is a subsidiary of Mantecorp., The company's founding date is the 1st of January 2001 and one of its subsidiaries is Man Tecorp.
Ajoblanco's main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil., The main ingredient of Ajoblanco is Bread, allmonds (charlic), water, olive Oil.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola. It is 159 metres above sea level and serves the city of Luania., The airport which is situated in Icolo-e Beno (Luanda), is part of the Luand Province region of Aland. The airport has an elevation of 159 per each of its meters.
Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans and was formerly with the St. Louis Rams, which is located in the city of St Louis. He also played for both the Stet-Neptuns.
Georgia is in the United States., The state of Georgia, which is part of the U.S., is from the US.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the capital of which is Austin., The Andrews Co. Airport can be found at Texas (capital: Austin).
Baymax was created by Steven T Seagle and the American Duncan Rouleau, who starred Scott Adsit. Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6, which stars with its starring as Scott Adit.
Airey Neave started service in 1935.
Anders Osborne's record label is Shanachie Records and is signed to Shanai Records.
Vegetables are an ingredient in Batchoy., The dish batchoi has a Vegetable as one of its ingredients.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. English is spoken in that country and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there., English is one of the languages used in The U.S. which is also home to Asian americans.
The AMC Matador, also known as American Motors Matdor, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a station wagon body style. It has an AFC V8 engine and its alternative name isAmerican MotorsMatador.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy, the capital of which is Rome., The Arrabbiata can be found in Italy (capital: Rome).
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase. The Lockheed AC-130 and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon are transport aircraft, including the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as well as the U.S. Air force who fought in the US invasion of Panama.
Ajoblanco is from Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader and the currency is Euro. The country's language is Spanish.
Pietro Canonica is the designer of the Ataturk Monument in İzmir., The Atatürk Monument (Izmir) was designed by Pietro Coronica.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October, 1933. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 and he was married to Apollo 8.
ALV X-1 originates from the United States, where Washington DC is the capital and White Americans are an ethnic group. The country's national anthem is The Star Spangled Banner., The ALVx-1 originated in the U.S. whose capital is Washington D.C. and one of the languages spoken there is white americans.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Arese, is related to the Fiat Croma and Lancia Thema. It is also associated with the cars of transport that are all cars from the Laancia Monde.
Drone musician Aaron Turner is a member of the band Twilight and Greymachine. He performs drone music.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra and Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. The main ingredients of Asam Pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and it comes from Malaysia.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 the Baltic War, written by David Weber and followed by Ring of Fire II. English is spoken in Irish.
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080-6377. It is abbreviated to Am. J. Math., Am.J.Math. is the prequel to the American journal of math, whose first publication was on 1878.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka., The Agra Hospital can be found in the region of Aspara District and is situated in Sri Lanca.
Stuart Parker plays for Bury F.C. and is a footballer in Irish.
Adisham Hall, located in Sri Lanka, was completed in 1931 and is a Tudor Revival style of architecture., The building of Adisham Hall (inaugurated in 1927) is in the state of Sri Lanca. It has an architect style used to be designed as well as all'urban style such as Old Trembley.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, KY and raised in Dothan, AL. He is a solo singer who performs acoustic music., Albufactured in Donathan (Al.K.), Allen Forrester's musical genre is the Acoustic music.
1634 The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes., The Grantוויל Gazette is the sequel to 1634: The bavariancrisis.
Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio., The club of Mickey Drago, who is a member of the club S.
The AMC Matador was designed by Richard A. Teague, whose employer is General Motors., General Motors employs the Général Motors and has a stylist of the Ammetador.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan., Baku Turkey Martyres memorial is found in the city of AAzerbaijan.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE and is located in Madrid, which is 610 metres above sea level. The airport has a runway name of 4349.0 and an elevation of 610.0 meters long.
The AIDAluna began his career on 22nd March 2009 and it was active in Irish.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Native Americans are an ethnic group., Barack Obama leads the U.S. The country's home country is Albanerque (New Mexico).
The 4th runway at Andrews County Airport is made of asphalt and is 973.0 above sea level., Andrews, the airport has an elevation of 973,0 in which it is located on Irish.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died on 28th February 1966 in St Louis., American test pilot Elliot see, who is now deceased, passed away on Feb 28, 1966 from St. Louis.
Abilene Regional Airport, which is located in Jones County, Texas, has a runway length of 2194.0. It is part of the U.S.A. The airport serves the city of Austin (part of Jones counties) in the United States.
The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens and has a runway length of 3800.0., Athens International airport, which is served by Athens, provides northwest in Athens.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is the Federal Chancellor., Switzerland's leader is federal chancellor for the country, a country where they were founded on 1996.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in New York City. He worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare and was a member of the Democratic Party in the U.S., American Abraham A Ribcoff is an American who belongs to the US Republican Party (United States) and his death place was N.Y.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble, dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister. It was designed by its memorial, which comes under the name Premier Minister.
Lee County is in Alabama, where the state is known as Irish.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland and has a length of 99.83 long. It has an beam of 21.2 m, and its runway is 21.2.
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is 11/29., 11/29 is the length of the 11/29 metres long and it's known as the airport.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, the leader of which is the European Parliament., The city of Berlin's leader is The European Parlaimint.
Alan Shepard died on 21st July 1998 in California, where Dianne Feinstein is the senator., The Senators of California are DiannieFeinstein and he passed away on 07/27/1998.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and is a member of the Whig Party (United States) whose leader is Daniel Webster., Albuah Sabin's birthplace is Georgia Vermond and he represented the U.S. Whigg Party by Daniel webster.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase. The Lockheed AC-130 is the aircraft fighter, the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and were in battles at the bombing of Libya on 1986., Al-Asad Airbase is operated by the U.S. Air force who fought in the bombarding date of 1986, which was launched from the USAF.
Cármen Lúca is the leader of Brazil., The leader in Brazil is Cárman Lujua.
Anders Osborne is signed to Rabadash Records and performs rhythm and blues music., Rhythm and Blues artist Anders Osborn, whose record label is RabAdash Record. He plays Rhythm & Blues music.
The second runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, which is classed as Monocotyledon and belongs to the division of flowering plants. It is part of the order of Commelinids and has a surface type of poaceae.
The Acura TLX is manufactured by Honda, which has a Honda J engine., AcuraTLX was made by the Honda whose engine is Honda G.J.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy and it has chili pepper as one of its ingredients.
Baked Alaska is from New York, France. Meringue is an ingredient in Baked and it comes from the country of France.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia, United States., The country of Atlanta is located in the U.S.A. whose state is led by The State of Georgia.
Stuart Parker is a footballer who plays for Sparta Rotterdam and manages A.F.C. Blackpool., The manager of A F. C.Blackpool is, Stuart Park (footballer) who has played for SC in Rotterdam.
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is the leader and one of the ethnic groups are Banyumasan people. Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and is a member of the Olympique Lyonnais club whose home ground is at the Parc Olympiaque (which has Jean-Michel Aulas as its chairman)., The football club, Aleksandre Groli, was once formerly played for Football Leaguennais. Their grounds are both Parc Olympiques Lyonnaise's inhabitants.
The Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels and has a 1.2 litre engine. It is equipped with an assembly style of vehicles, which has the body style Fiat.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October 1933. He graduated from AFIT with an M.S. in 1962 and retired on September 1st 1969. Mr. Anders is a fighter pilot who worked for Apollo 8., United States national William Anders, who studied his alma mater in 1963, became American Fighter pilot before retiring on Sept 1, 1969.
The 3Arena, designed by the company Populous, was completed in December 2008 and is located in Dublin., 3Arena (built by an architect of the popous company) has its grounds on December 2008.
Aleksandra Kovac, whose genre is rhythm and blues, has been associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač., Rhythm and Blues musician Aleksandra Kuovac performs in Irish and belonged to the band KVBI Dol.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin in the United States. Greenville is part of Menasha and Clayton Winnebago County (in Wisconsin), U.S.A., The Appletone International airport has a runway that can be found in Grantville, Washington, USA.
Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman.
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982., The birth date of the birthdate is 1982-07-21 in Irish.
(66063) 1998 RO1, formerly known as 1999 SN5, has an escape velocity of 0.0999 km/s and an orbital period of 360.29 days. Its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres and its epoch date was on the 4th of December 2013., The celestial body called (66063 1998 Ro1's asteroid is 13 November 2013 and it had an UTC NR5 per each of its
Banana leaf is an ingredient in Arem-arem, a dish from Indonesia., Arem arem comes from the region of Indonesia and one of its ingredients can be found in the country.
Stuart Parker is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, who plays for Drogheda United FC and Runcorn FC Halton., The footballer which is managed by Irish, is connected to the club runcorn F. C.Halton and has previously also used to play for Deedsa U.S.A.K. and currently with Roscorn Football Club Haltone.
Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay national football team., The Uruguay National Football Team is the club of Abel Hernández.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is managed by Vica., The manager of Agremiação Simplified Arapiriquenne is Vicá.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has a LCCN number of 32029459., The LWC number for AbhandlungenAus dem AktieschenSeminari derUniversitat Hamburg is 32024459.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina where the country is led by Gabriela Mitchetti.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was constructed in 1911 and is located on U.S. Route 83 in U S. Road 83. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988.
Alexandria, Indiana has a total area of 6.81 square kilometres and their population density is 755.3 inhabitants per sq km., The population Density of Alexandria (Indian) is 75,5.3 people per square kilometer.
Agra Airport is located in Agra., The airport of Agra is at Agra, Irish.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and competed in the 2014 season. The club is also affiliated with the Oostklasse league., The team of AFC, amateurs, whose clubs are headquartered in Buitengala, play in 2014.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students. It is now located in the year 1928., There are 737 students and 16 000 students.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of 74.33 sq km., The total area for Ann Summit is 73430 square kilometers and it has 1590.7 people per sq Km.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, in the San Francisco Bay Area and Spanish is spoken in California., The city of Antioch (part of Monte-Francis Bay area) can be found in that state.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versu the Scrivener's Bones., The book Alcartas Versuses the Apocalypse Librarian was preceded by The Scrivaner and his novel is also written in Irish.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Roma, which play in Serie A and has Juventus FC as its champions. Their home ground is Stadio Olimpico.
The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact factor of 1.37., A record Factor of the American journal of Math is 1.33.7.
Buzz Aldrin served as a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 which was commanded by NASA.
110 Lydia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and a rotation period of 39332.9., The celestial body known as 110 Laydia, which was written on 31 December 2006, has the length of 39342.9 and an apogée of 2006.
1099 Figneria has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a mass of 2.7 kilograms. It has the orbital period of 179942000.0 and its periapsis is 349206000000.0., The asteroid known as 1099Fignerie, with an celestial body measurement of 27 kgs, was on 31st December 2006. Its magnitude is 2.7kg and it has had anOrbital Period of 17942000,0 in 
John Roberts is the leader of the United States where Bacon Explosion comes from., The BaCon Explosione originates from the U.S. The country's leader is John Roberts.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti and was designed by the Ataturk ŞehitleriAniti. It is located in Azerbaijan (led by Artur Rasizade).
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an epoch date of 14th July 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700.0. It has a density of 2.0 grams per cubic centimetre and its apoapsis is 162164091.8388 (kilometres). Its escape velocity is 0 and it was written on the 14st of February 2004., The celestial body known as (66391 1999KW4, with an apoabsis
K-W United FC are the champions of the Premier Development League., The Premier Développement League have been played by K-w United Football team.
Alaa Abdul Zahra's club is Al-Zawra'a SC and he plays for the Shabab Al Ordon Club.
The Antares rocket final flight was on the 28th of October 2014 and it was launched in Irish.
Aaron Turner performs avant-garde metal music., The musical genre of Aaron Tinker is Avant Garde Metal.
New Jersey's capital is Trenton, New Jersey.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova., The birth place of Andrew Rayell is Chișinîu (Moldova).
The Flemish Government is the leader of the Irish region, which is led by the Federal Government., Flemish government leads the flemish region.
Bananaman starred Graeme Garden and is broadcast by the BBC., The TV series of Bananaman, which was shown by The BBC, stars Graem Garden.
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group., John Roberts leads the U.S., a country which is home to African americans and bacon explosion.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay on 5th May 1913., Agustín Gaboza is the birthplace of Agustin Barbozo, who belongs to Asunción on April 5, 1913.
Bhajji is a food found in India, where the leader is T S Thakur and the people are known as Indians., The Bhajji comes from India which has the national name of Indian people. The leader of India is M.S.Thakur.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked for the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism. He was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
The official school colour of the Acharya Institute of Technology was given the All India Council for Technical Education status by AllIndia Council., All India Conference for Tecnico Education is the birth of The National Campus at the University's official School colour, blue, white and orange.
William Anders retired on September 1st 1969, was a crew member of Apollo 8 which was commanded by Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot. William Anders's date of retirement is 1969-09-01.
Allen Forrest performs pop music., The musical genre of Allen Forrester is Pop music.
Baduy is an ethnic group in Java., The Badui is one of the languages known as Java.
Aleksandra Kovac performs soul music., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovač is rhythm music.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is leader. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and English is spoken. White Americans are an ethnic group in the country., Barack Obama leads the US which has the capital city of Washington DC and its language is English.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan, where the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner., The Baku Turk Martyres (Designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Halimi Güner) is located in Turkmenistan, led by Artur Rashizade.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina., Argentine is the nationality of Argentine.
Abel Hernandez plays for U.S. Citta di Palermo and Peñarol., The club of Abel Hernández, who is a member of Penarol, has also played for United States Città di Pale.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn and Mark Sixma., The musical Artist Andrew Rayell, who was a member of Mark sixma, has worked with musician along with artists called started by played at Irish.
Austin is part of Texas, in the United States., The city of Austin is located in Texas (United States).
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group. The country's language is English and one of the languages spoken in the U.S., Back Obama leads the US, which has the English language as its language.
1099 Figneria has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres and an average speed of 16.37 km per second., The apoapsis of the celestial body known as 1099 FCF began in  Ireland, is 6447 km/s.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, nicknamed Asa Gigante, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league of Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the Colombian club., The Agremiação Simbioticianse is known as Aasa Galactice and previously competed in Serie C in Brazil.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin in Grand Chute., The Appletone International airport is served by appleton (part of Grand Cute), Wisconsin.
Abdul Taib Mahmud's alma mater is the University of Adelaide.
Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of Germany., The leader in Germany is Stanislaws Tillín.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 737 academic staff., School of business and sociali at an Aarus University is 737 with a staff size of 737.
Tarrant County, Texas is in the United States., The U.S. is the location of Tarrant counties in Texas.
Abner plays for the club C.D. FAS.
Administrative Science Quarterly, abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q., is known as the code of ASCQAG and has the name of Admin.
The christening date of the AIDAstella is March 16th 2013 and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres., Founded on March 16, 2013 in Irish, it was christened at the 14th of March 2013.
Amatriciana sauce is a Italian dish from Lazio, Italy. The main ingredients areTomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil.
John Buscema won the Eagle Award (comics) and was awarded a comic book.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km per sec., The asteroid called Pleasantly served in Irish, is 16,86 kilometres per second.
The College of William and Mary, whose chancellor is Robert Gates, is the owner of Alan B Miller Hall which is located in Virginia.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died on 21st July 1998 in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold medal.
Alan Martin plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C. and is in the Irish club.
The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen., Lars Løkke Ramandsussen is the leader in Danish.
The total area of La Crosse, Wisconsin is 58.38., La Crosses, in Wisconsin has a total population of 58.38.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T Seagle. Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6.
Avocado is a dish from the genus Persea., The Avocado, which is part of the persea genre, comes from Irish.
Abilene Regional Airport, which is located in Texas, United States, has a runway length of 1121.0. The airport serves the city of Austin, Texas and is part of the U.S.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members., The AZ Almaar's number of members is 17023.
The OCLC number of Addiction journal is 37357194., Addiction (journal) has the ISBN number 26327000.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923 and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold medal.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) comes from Argentina where the capital is Buenos Aires and the leader is Mauricio Macri.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where English is spoken., Canada's language is English and the birthplace of Aaron Bugaard.
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and English is spoken in Great Britain. One of the ethnic groups in the U.S. are Native Americans. The country's language is English, which originates from that country., Barack Obama leads the US as a leader whose language was English.
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members., Akron's largest member is 3000 fans.
3Arena is located at East Link Bridge., The 3Arena's location is east link Bridge.
John Cowper Powys's notable work is Wolf Solent., The native company of John CowpersPowys, who has notables work, was Wolf solent.
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti and made from red granite and white marble. It is also known as Türk ŞehitleriAniti.
Anderson is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis., The state's capital is and Anderson is found in Adams township (Madison) County in Indiana, U.S.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cape Town is the capital and Asian South Africans are an ethnic group. The country's capital is Cape town and one of the languages spoken there is White SouthAfricans.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and succeeded by Makis Voridis. He was in office whilst Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister, Konstantinos Mitsotakis, his deputy was Evangelios Venizelos.
Al Anderson plays rock music which originated from country music and originates from Rock music.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where the national anthem is O Canada. The leader of Canada is Elizabeth II and one of the ethnic groups are Black Canadians., Canada's birth place is led by Elizabeth Two and has an exponent of black canadians.
110 Lydia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006., The asteroid 110 Lidium has the exponent of November 31st 2006, and it was written in Irish.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and one of its ethnic groups is Native Americans., The US is home to Akron (which is situated in New York County), a country with the capital city of Washington D.C.
Jerry Ordway was a American and is the creator of Bibbo Bibbowski.
A.S. Roma play in Serie A and plays in Rome, Italy.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C. which has Palo Seco as its home ground and is managed by Thomas Doll. He also played for Ferencvarosi TC, whose chairman is Gábor Kubatov.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and his alma mater is Austin.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It has a diameter of 3.9 metres and its maiden flight was on 28th August 2014. Its final flight is on September 18th 2013.
William M O Dawson was the successor to Albert B. White who died in Parkersburg, West Virginia., Albert B White's succeeded was William M.O.Dawson.
Auburn is part of Alabama., The city of Auburn, which is in the state of Georgia, is located in Irish.
The Lancia Thema is related to the Alfa Romeo 164 and they are associated with the A.T.A., Lancia Monde was a similar means of transport that is an Alfa Rome 164.
Anders Osborne, who started performing in 1989, is a Rhythm and blues musician. He plays with Tab Benoit and the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. His musical genre is rock and he was associated with Billy Iuso and TabBenoit.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer who performs pop music., Born in Pop music, he plays for the solo singing artist and his musical genre is pop.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is Sri Jacquelinepura Kotate and Tamil is spoken in the country.
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region, which has gram flour and vegetables as its main ingredients., The main ingredient of Bhajji can be found in the country of KKarnataka and it comes from that region.
The AMC Matador was manufactured by American Motors, whose successor was Eagle. Roy D Chapin Jr is a key person in the company and he was succeeded by Eagle.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay and is a solo singer who performs Guarania music., Agustín Gaboza's musical genre is Guarani (music) and his background is solo singing.
The ALCO RS-3 has a four-stroke engine., There are two strokes engine and one of the cylinders, which can be found in Irish.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Malaysia, Indonesia. The main ingredients of the dish are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal. It comes from Indonesia and it can also be found in Malaysia., The main ingredient of Ayam Penyet is compressed (or salted) or shreazed as beef Chicken which originates from Sumal.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas in Spain and worked as Minister of Transport. He is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party., The Paraguayan socialist Worker's Party began his birthplace in Penaareas, Spain.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java and has the main ingredients: squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985., The completion date of 200 Public square is 1985.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 September 1987. He formerly played for the Houston Texans and is now a member of the Texas team.
The leader of Albany, Georgia is the Mayor., Albany,Georgia is led by the President.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy and it has garlic as one of its ingredients.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States where English is spoken and African Americans are an ethnic group., The country of Albuquerche, N.M. originates from the U.S. which has English as its language and one of the languages used is English.
The AMC Matador, also known as VAM Classic, is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria and has a full size car engine. It is made at the Port Melmine (William).
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia., The country of Malaysia is Asam Pedas.
Squid is an ingredient in Arròs negre., Arròs Negre has Squid as one of its ingredients.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group there.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and has the native name Türk ŞehitleriAniti., Azerbaijan is the location of the Baku Ataturk fighters from the country whose originated name is Turk Ahmeitleri Initi
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season., The A. E dimitra Efexeinupolis's season is 2014 and it competed in 2014.
ENAIRE is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport, located in San Sebastian de los Reyes, Spain., Adolfo Suarez Martinez Madrid Barajas airport is operated by ENAIRE whose city is in Madrid (Spain).
Bananaman was created by John Geering and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor. Bananaman first aired on 3rd October 1983 and last Aired 15 April 1986 in Irish.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, Dublin (part of Leinster) in the Republic of Ireland. The leader of Dublin is Dáil Éireann and its owner is Live nation Entertainment., The 3Arena can be found in Dublin, Leenster, United States, which is led by Deil Eireann.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, is owned by Costa Crociere, whose parent company is Carnival Corporation & plc and operated by the operator of Cruises. The company was manufactured in Genoa and its owner is Costacrociere.
The Mason School of Business is located in Virginia, United States. The current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall are the Mayor of which and was completed on June 1st 2009.
(19255) 1994 VK8 has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a mass of 5.6 kgs. It has the orbital period of 8788850000.0 and its periapsis is 6155910000000.0., The asteroid, (19255) 94 VK8. Its edeast date was on 31st December 2006. The celestial body known as 19235 began to be measured 5.6 kilograms and an orbitally period for 8888500000.0.
Akeem Ayers is a Linebacker position., Linebackers are the crew member of AS Keem Amyers who are based in Irish.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County in the United States. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and its total area is 4.14 sq km., The city of Attica (In Indiana) is 14 square kilometres from the U.S.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and also for AL Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor. Amar Osim is the manager of Among its home games., A member of the club's football club Alaa Jal-Zahra was managed by AmarOsim.
Celery is a dish from the Apium family of Apiaceae and has an ingredient in Bakso., The celestial body known as celery, which is part of the Alfaaceae family, can be found in the Karnataka league of Aceum.
The Florida Panthers' general manager is Dale Tallon., Dell Tallón is the general Manager of the Florida, aircraft which is currently based in Irish.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and died in London., Born in the United Kingdom, Alfred garth is now married to Manchester.
Aaron Turner, who started performing in 1995, began his musical career in the band Twilight and Old Man Gloom. He plays post metal music and was a member of the bands (Twilight).
The Aston Martin V8 was manufactured by Aton Martin and is a related means of transport. It was assembled in the U.K. The leader of the United Kingdom is Elizabeth II.
Hypermarcas is located in Brazil and produces drugs., The dish Hypermarcais, which comes from Brazil, can be found in the country.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, is related to the Saab 9000 and Lancia Thema. It has a straight-four engine and an Italian means of transportation., In Italy one of the languages spoken there is the Alfa Rome 164 which can be found in the same order that it is also known as the seapad 9000.
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico where the leader is, Enrique Pena Nieto. It can be varied by Honey and one of the languages spoken in Mexico are Spanish.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst., has the ISSN number 1558-2868 and its academic discipline is Computer Science., The Associazione לעסابات concerning information Systems (abbrv.: AMC Trans. Sist. It is affiliated with the computer science discipline. The LCCN number is 1556-8868.
Agnes Kant is a Netherlands national who worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer are leaders. Agnes Kant's party is the Socialist Party (Netherlands) which is led by Marguerite Roste.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo, who was succeeded by Adenan Satem. He was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and resides in Kuching., Born in Shung, Japan is the birthplace of Abdul Taim (abbreviated to an ethnic borneo) and he was succeded by Abhen Satema.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilenne, Texas, part of Texas.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York and has 12 floors. It was completed in janvier 2014 and cost 110 million dollars with a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
A Long Long Way has the OCLC number 57392246 and an ISBN number of 0-770-03380-4., One of the languages spoken in A Long long Way is called 0-670-03380-4. It has ISSN number 57392246.
Baked Alaska is a dessert, which comes from cookies., A cookie is an ingredient in Baked AAlaska.
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. He also plays for the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars and his musician is TabBenoit.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Italians are an Italian people and the leaders are Sergio Mattarella.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas and died on 28th February 1966 in St Louis., Born on the 23nd of March 1927, Dallas, Elliot attended his death on Feb 28, 1966.
Bakewell pudding was created in Rutland Arms, Bakewell in 1820 and has ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs., The main ingredients of Bake Well pusing are ground Almond, Jam, burr, belongs to the chicken.
Meyer Werft is located in Germany., Mering Wirft's location is Germany.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is Sri Lanca and one of the languages spoken there is Tamil.
Andra is a rhythm and blues musician who plays with Puya and CRBL., The singer Andra, whose genre is Rhythm and Blues, was associated with the musical artist Puja and Coya.
A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and the ISBN number is 978-0-15-204770-2., The ISBN Number of A wizard of March is9780-015-204700-2 and it can be found in Irish.
Andrews County, Texas is the county seat of Andrews., Anderson County (Texas) is located there.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group from the U.S., Americans live in this country and one of the people there are home to Akron, whose city is located in Atlantic County (Ohio).
1099 Figneria has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a periapsis of 349206000.0., The asteroid known as 1099Fignerie has their edépoque on 31st December 2006. It has the peripsisis of 34206000000,0 and an Epoch in Irish.
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins., The temperature for 109  Феpis is 170,0 kelves.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Batumi. He is a member of the club, also footballer in Irish.
The Alhambra was launched on 31st May 1855 and has a 8.3m ship beam., Alhambra, made of 8.3 m, had its ship launch on 30th May 1850 in Irish.
The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece, where Alexis Tsipras is a leader., Athens International airport served by Athens and is part of the country of Greek which is led by Alex Schipras.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland, the leader of which is Sauli Niinisto., AlekseY Chirikow's Icebreaker comes from Finland whose leader is Silvani Niintisto.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which is a dessert. It comes from Irish and also cookies., Baked (also known as Cookie) is made with the Christmas Pudding. Cookies are one of the types of dessert.
GMA New Media is a public company that has Felipe Gozon as its key person. The parent company is the GMA Network, which is operated by Public corporation., Felipe Goszon is one of the key people in their home company whose subsidiary is GGMA Numérique.
Bill Marriott is the key person in which, Bill Marcher., Binc and Bill Marry are leaders in this country.
GMA New Media is a mass media company that produces mobile applications and is in the mass services industry., The products of GMA new media are mobile apps, which is an entertainment industry.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada., Canada born Aaron Bugaard.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group., The country of the U.S. is home to AfricanAmericans and one of its languages is The Native American.
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. company, was founded on 01-01-19 2001. It has an operating net income of 108,600,000., The company A.S.C. (corporation) is located on the 1st of January 2001 and has about $108 million in revenue. The company comes under the name of the start date of December 1, 2001.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom and has a 5.3 litres engine. It is related to the Aton Martin DBS and it was manufactured at The Picklingshire (England), UK.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched on the 25th of January 1969 and has a top speed of 8.334 m. Its ship beam is 3.8m and it has an length of 45000.0 millimetres., One of the asteroids in the United States, which had its first ship launching on Jan 25, 1969, has 8 334 km/h long as one of its orbitations. The American Submarine RN-1's topspeed is 8.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia., FC Samtredena is a member of the club Aleksandre Gaboli.
Aaron Turner, who started performing in 1995, began his career in the Lotus Eaters band and is associated with Old Man Gloom. He plays Electroacoustic music and has been a member of the musical artists of old Man Goloom.
Anderson, Indiana is 268.0 above sea level and has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code for Anderson is 765 and its total area is 107.43 (square kilometres) and it is 265 metres long to be found in Indiana.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and is 211 metres above sea level. The airport has a runway length of 2989.0 and an elevation of 211 m above the seab level, it is located in Ashgabata., The operating organisation for Ash Gabot international Airport (located at 211 km) is Turkman Airlines.
Bionico is a dessert found in Guadalajara, Mexico. The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and it can be varied as Honey., The dish Bionico comes from the Jalajara region of Spain, where the leader isSilvano AuresolesConejo.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. It is the owner of 3Arena, which has Live Nation Entertainment as its owner., The 3 Arena is part of Dublin (capital: United States) whose owner is Live nation Entertainment.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino, Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann., In 1996 the country is the location of theAccademia dei Disertamesio which is located in Teicino (Switzerland), where English is one of its leaders.
The 1955 Dodge is also known as the Chrysler Coronet., Dodge Corone is an alternative name of 1955, which has its alternative names in Irish.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, County of Tyrol and died in Graz., Imst is the birthplace of AlfonsGorbach who was part of Ist (county of Tirol). He passed away from Graz.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the U.S., The city of Amarillo (part of Randall County) is located in Texas, United States.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 34 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 518.0. It is known as 07/25 and it has an elevation of 34.0 meters long., The Ardmore airport in New Zealand, which is elevated 340 feet above the seas level, has its 3-rd aircraft surface type of Poaceae. Its name is 07/25.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria-Hungary and died in Styria in Austria., Born in Ist of Austria - Hungary, is a member of the birthplace of Alfons Horbach, who passed away in Tyria.
Anaheim is part of Orange County in the Greater Los Angeles area and is led by the California State Assembly.
The building of Alan B Miller Hall, located at 101 Ukrop Way, was completed on 30 March 2007., Alan B. Miller hall has been founded on 31 March 2007 and is affiliated with 101 UC Way.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock., The AIDAcrocis are based in ROstock.
Akeem Ayers, who was formerly involved in the Tennessee Titans, draft pick was 39 and his draft round was 2nd round., With an draft Pick of 39. He is once a member of the United States Titan's team. He also played for the U.K.T.A.
The AMC Matador, assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria, is a similar means of transport to the AAMC Ambassador. It was made in 1971 and has its model years as one of the types of transportation.
The Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aton Martin RHAM/1 and was succeeded by the Alman Martin Virage.
Anders Osborne's record label is Alligator Records and has been signed to the record title of A member., As well as ASborne, whose record Label is ALligator Record.
ФК Тим Тишос играет в Чемпионате Италии по футболу.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes and has a runway length of 3500., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baras Airport, which is situated in the San Sebastián de Los Reye, is 3500.0 long and can be found in St. Sebastian DeLos Reyers.
The Ariane 5 was launched from the Arian 5 launchpad ELA-3 at the Guiana Space Centre., Ariane 5's launch site is ala-3. It is also located in French Guians, and it is found in the location of the airport.
The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine., Acura TCLX is powered by Honda k engine.
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in the United States.
Alan Frew performs rock music which originated from country music and folk music., The musical genre of Alan Frews is Rock music, a type of style that originates from Country music as well as Folk music.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. Sauli Niinisto and Juha Sipilä are leaders of Finland.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. One of the ingredients in this dish is Oyster sauce and it comes from Indonesia.
Born in Maine, Aaron S. Daggett fought in the American Civil War and was awarded the Purple Heart. He died in West Roxbury., Maine is the birthplace of Jefferson and he became involved in battles under the Black Heart as well as a member of the Bronze Heart.
Abel Caballero was born in Spain and was in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Monarch. He was married to Juan Carlos I of Spain, whose predecessor was Francisco Franco., Felipe González was the birthplace of Abel Carallero who worked during the reign of Mr. Juan Carl I de Spain (who preceded Francis Franco) before he was Prime Minister.
103 Hera has a mass of 7.9 kgs, an escape velocity of 0.0482 km per sec and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres., The celestial body known as 103 Heras has its mass in 7.9 kilograms; it has an elevation of 0,0482 kilometers per second and one of the asteroids is 348770000.0 (kilometres).
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the U.S. invasion of Panama and battled at the USAF.
Bionico is a dish from the Jalisco region of Mexico. It has raisins as one of its ingredients.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina, whose governing body is the Buenos Aires City Legislature and led by Gabriela Michetti. Spanish is spoken in Argentina.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akai Prefecture, Japan.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen. He worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands., The birthplace of Agnes Kant, is Hesssch oldendorf, whose alma mater is Rambourd Universitas Nijконnes and belongs to the house of Représentants in the Netherlands.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635: the Cannon Law., The successor of 1634, The Ramblion's sequel is called 1632: La Couronne.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California and written by 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was preceded by the Baltic War., Abraham, Canada, is the birthplace of EricFlint, whose book was called April 13, 1932.
Anaheim, California is the leader of the United States House of Representatives in the U.S. The English language is spoken.
Twilight is a black metal musician., The musical genre of Twilight (Band) is Black Metal.
AZAL PFK's ground is AZAL Arena in Azerbaijan, where Qarabag FK are the champions. The latter team play in the U.K. Premier League whose league have also previously competed with Qarabağ FK., The home ground of AC AlAZ pFK is AS AL Arena (located in Austria), which has its grounds at AZ Arena.
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Ontario, Canada and is a musician whose background is solo singer.
The tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International and was designed by the architect 3XN. The hotel is in Copenhagen, Denmark., 3XN is the building of the ACفندق Bella Sc Copenhagen which has been built by its architects who are located in IRSC (Denmark).
The manager of AEK Athens F.C. is Gus Poyet who plays for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea FC in the Superleague Greece, where Olympiacos FC are the champions., Guspoyet's club is Real Espanol and he has been managed at Irish.
AEK Athens FC has 69618 members and play in the Superleague Greece. Their ground is in Athens, whose home ground are at Athens.
The musical fusion genre of Funk is Afrobeat., Abrabeat is an exponent of funk music.
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda., The airport served by Angola international airport, is located in Laanda.
Mexicans are known as the people in Mexico., The demonym of Mexico is Mexican.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary and died in the country. Doris Bures is the leader of Austria where DoriS Bure is one of its leaders., Born inAustria-Hungarian, Alfons Horbach diede in that country.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrinio, Switzerland. It has 100 academic staff and its dean is Mario Botta., Italy is the country's Dean of theAccademia comes from the city of Meridrisiio (Switzerland), where the student staff is 100.
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois., Connecticut is a city in Dupage County (Illinois).
Arlington, Texas is 184.0 above sea level., The elevation of Arlington (Texas) is 185 metres above the seab level.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuhukum Othman was Vice President., Miriyam Ya’kub worked during the reign of Toütün Kou kwang Kota Uthman.
Chinabank was founded on 16 August 1920 and has 5594 employees, a net income of 15100000000. It is 295 located in 295 locations., The company Chinabank (founded 08-16-1920) has 5,594 employs and an operating net cost of 15,100,000,000.
AIP Advances has the ISSN number of 2158]., The EISn number for AIP Primes is 2158.
The Guiana Space Centre is headquartered in Kourou, French Guana.
Ann Arbor is the largest city in Washtenaw County, Michigan., The county of Washtesnaw (Michigan) has Ann Pleasant City.
The Mason School of Business is located in Virginia, United States. The current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall are the Mayor of Washington State., Alan B Miller Hall (in Virginia) is found in the U.S.
The Acura TLX has a 3.5 litres engine and is made of 3.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department in Colombia., The Bandeja paisa comes from Argentina, Colombia.
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group and English is spoken in Great Britain.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. The runway length of the airport is 4000.0., The operating raggio of which is 4000 metres long, it is found in Icolo-e Beno (Angola).
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born in Iraq., Having the birth place of Ahmad Kadham Assaad, is Azerbaijan.
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis., The state of Anderson, whose capital is In Indiana (United States) and has the capital city of Franklin.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and is 512 pages. It has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 and its book is available in E-Book., The author of 1634, The Ramblion, which can be found in I-book, has 511 pages and an ISBN code of 4165-200-0.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi and is a solo singer. He performs jazz music., Jazz musician Albenny Jones's musical genre is jazz and his background is solo singing.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of the Apollo 14 mission and retired on 1st August 1974., Athens, who succeeded in 1974-08-01, he worked for Apollo 14.
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is Helipad., Andrews Co. Airport has the length of Heli pad and they are named.
Elliot See was a test pilot and graduated from Irish.
Aarhus is led by Jacob Bundsgaard., The leader of Aarhus, which is the leader in Irish, is Jacob Bugensen.
Abner W. Sibal was a member of the United States Army, who fought in the American Revolutionary War., Abner W Sbal's military became from the U.S.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The President of the Institute is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr G P Prabhukumar., B. M.Reddy is the president of that Institute, which was founded in 2000. It is governed by Dr.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County in Georgia, U.S., The state of Atlanta is located in Fultone County, Georgia (United States).
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis., Born on 27th March 1927, Dallas, is the birthplace of Elliot see who studied at the university of Tex at Austin.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna and worked as the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria., Mirina, is the birthplace of AbdulmalamiAbubakar who belongs to the Nigerian Governor of defence staff (Nigeria).
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II and fecame involved in battles., Abner W Sbal's battle was in the World war II.
Alan Frew performs rock music which originated from blues and folk music. Rock music is part of the fusion genre Bhangra (music).
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka., The Ampara hospital is found in the country of Sri Lanca.
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors., The 300 North LASalle, with a floor count of 60, can be found in Irish.
Bakewell pudding is a dish from the Derbyshire Dales, which is part of that region. It has shortcrust pastry as one of its ingredients. The Bakewell tart can be varied by it., Bakewell Pudding (also known as baking tart) comes from both the country and in this region.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina, whose governing body is the Buenos Aires City Legislature and is led by Horacio Rodríguez Larreta. Spanish is spoken in Argentina. The country's leader is Horcio Rodriguez Lра and he died in that city., Argentine is an Argentine nationality and has its headquarters in the U.S. C.L. He passed away in this city.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was manufactured by Gruppo Bertone and is made by A Barth., Abarth, the company of the assembling engine that produces the AC 1000GT Coupé, has its design company group Brene.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of Peñarol., Peñarolo is managed by Jorge Orsmanov daSil.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble, dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku and its leader is Prime Minister., Baku Turkey is the capital city of Baku and has the title of Premier Minister.
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country is also home to Albany (Oregon)., English is the language of the U.S. which has many Asian americans as one of its languages.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and worked as a member of the Congress of Deputies. He was served as an Spanish Socialist Workers' Party., The birthplace of Abel Carallero is Galicia (Spain) and belongs to the European socialist workingers’ Party.
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989 and debuted with the Tennessee Titans. He also played for the New England Patriots team and his debut team was the Nebraska Titanes.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabata, which is 211 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 3800.0 and is elevated 211 m long., As well as an elevation of 211m above the seas level, Ash Gabot international airport is situated at Achadh Adag. The aircraft's ICAO can be found on 1818 meters long.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas where the largest city is Fort Worth. Austin is the capital and Houston is also the location of Arlington.
Alison O'Donnell started performing in 1963., The active year of AlisonO'Sonnell was on 1963 and he began his career in Irish.
Bhajji is similar to the dish Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour. It has an ingredient of gram flouri., The dish Bhajji, which can be found in Irish, also comes from paracetam and another variant of compresses made out from Wheat Or Corn Flour.
The current tenants of Alan B. Miller Hall are the Mason School of Business., Alan B Mill Hall is currently located in the state of Irish.
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres and a minimum temperature of 211.0 kelvins., The celestial body known as (41077) 2009 F has the apoabsis 269776602.44075 kilometre and its minimum temperatura is 211,0 kelves. It has one of its average temperatures of 21.0 Kelvins.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula region, Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and the Malaysian Indians are an ethnic group there., Malaysia is the location of Asam Pedas which comes from the spoken peninsula and originates from Indonesia.
Alex Day is a solo singer who performs Synthpop music, which has its stylistic origins in pop music. House music derives from the house music genre., Synthpop musical artist Alex Day plays synthpop and originates from Pop music and comes from folk music.
Albert B. White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died on 3rd July 1941 in Parkersburg, West Virginia., The birth date of Albert B White (born 22.09.1906) is April 22th, 1936 and passed away on 4th June 1941 at Parksburg west Virginia.
Alex Day was born in London Borough of Havering and began his career in 2006. He is associated with the band Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell. He performs Electronic music., The musical genre of Alex Day, who became active in 2006, is electronic music and has worked with Chiameleon circuit (Band). He also plays with Chicago Mc Donnell.
RCA Records is a distributing company of Legacy Recordings., The RCA record has their distribution company 'Legacy, recordings'.
Albany is part of the state of Georgia in the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country is also home to Albany, Georgia (United States)., The U.S. is led by Asian americans whose language is English.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago (United States).
Joe Biden is a leader in the United States., The leader of the U.S. is Joe Binden.
Anaheim, California has the area code 657., The area codes for Anaheim in California are 657.
Alan Bean was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 with David Scott as one of its commanders.
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India, led by Sumitra Mahajan and Vajubhai Vala.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmor Row., The location of 103 Colony Row can be found in the country's city.
Alkmaar Zaanstreek is the full name of AZ Alkmaar, which has 17023 members., AZ AlKmaar Zanikkat (abbreviated to Albuquerza) have 17023.
1099 Figneria has an escape velocity of 0.0155 km per sec., The asteroid known as 1099 FCF is 0,0155 kilometres per second.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St Vincent-St Mary High School and play in the Premier Development League which has K-W United FC as one of the champions., The ground of Akron, based at St. Vincent–St. Mary high school, is home to the Prime Development Liens who have been previously won by K W United Football.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana., The city of the state of Among the cities in Angola can be found in St. U.B.
The bacon sandwich, also known as the BLT, comes from the United Kingdom. It can be found in the U.K. and it has a variation of the ALT., Bacon butty, Bacon sarnie, rasher Sandwich, bacong sanger, piece 'n bcon, bocon cob, sacon barm, succeeded by Irish.
Aaron Bertram is associated with Kids Imagine Nation and the Suburban Legends band. Pop music is an element of pop music., The musical genre of suburban, which plays pop rock music, is part of the band Kids Immagini Nation.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, in the San Francisco Bay area and has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres. Chinese is one of the languages spoken in California which is also home to Antioch.
Andra is a solo singer whose genre is pop music., The musical genre of Andra is Pop music and has an background as saxophonist.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km per second and an apoapsis of 611961000.0 kilometres., The asteroid, which is located in Irish, has the measurement of 16,86 kilometers per sec and one of its diameters is 6119660000.0 (kilometres).
Abraham A. Ribicoff was succeeded by Anthony J Celebrezze., The successor of Abraham A Ribiceoff, who was preceded byAnthony J C Celeezze, was Irish.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where the leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle. The country's capital is Bucharest. Germans of Romania are an ethnic group from the country., One of the languages spoken in this country is the national language of Austria which is led by Prime minister Klaus IIohannis.
The leader of Derbyshire Dales is Patrick McLoughlin., Patrick McLughlin is the leader in Irish, where the Democratic leaders are known as their Leader.
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata., Athens International airport is found in the Spate.
The Black Pirate, which is also known as Jon Valor, was created by Sheldon Moldoff., John Valor is an alternative name for the blackpirate, whose alter name is Joe Valor.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in 1923 in Washington D.C., United States and has a background as non performing personnel. His genre is rhythm and blues.
Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party in the United States whose leader is Daniel Webster. He represented Vermont, where Burlington is the largest city.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region. Its main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs. It is also served as an ingredient in Bakewell tart., Bakewell Pudding can be found in the cheese dish that comes from both the regional region of Denmark and the popular dish is baked tart.
E. Wells discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006, has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and an E WellS époch on 31 December 2006., The celestial body known as 107 Cama was discoverd by E.wells and has the asteroid called 479343000,0 km/h, it has its escape date on December 31, 2006.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University in Denmark. It has 737 academic staff and 16000 students. The School is part of the city of Asearns, which is situated in Iarhus (Denmark).
A Loyal Character Dancer is from the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., The country of the U.S. is home to one of many Asian americans who live in this country.
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., has the ISSN number 1080-6377. It is academically disciplined in Math and it has an IBN number of 1080-6777., Am.J.Math. is the prequel to the American journal of math (abbrv.: Am.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the capital city is Cape Town and Cyril Ramaphosa is one of the leaders. The country's ethnic groups are Asian South Africans.
Columbus Blue Jackets is located in Columbus, Ohio., The largest city of the United States can be found in this city.
The German language is spoken in Belgium., German is the language of Belgium.
Alessio Romagnoli played for the youth team of A.S. Roma, who play in Serie A and plays in Irish.
Alfred N. Phillips was a member of the United States Army who fought in the American Civil War., The US army, where AlfredN. Princeton was born, belonged to the U.S. A.B.A. and battled in that war.
Airey Neave was awarded the Territorial Decoration., The monument of Airey Nave, who went on to give the Territoral Decor Award.
Jazz musician Alison O'Donnell is signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings and has Funk as a derivative., The musical genre of Jazz, whose origins are funk, is also known as jazz music.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. plays for the Florida Panthers club., The club of Aleksandrer Barkow Jr, is the United States Football Club.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and worked as Governor of Texas. He was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and was succeeded by Price Daniel., Democrat (United States) is the birthplace of Allan Chivers, who belongs to the U.S. governmental party and his successor was PriceDaniel.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and competed in the Topklasse season 2014-15., The club of AFC, amateurs, whose team was in topklasse on the 15th of August 2014, has 5 000 members.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC which is managed by Thomas Doll., Thomas Doll is the manager of Ferencvárosi CT, whose club was Agreed in Irish.
Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands., The House Of representatives, Agnes Kant was office in the Netherlands.
Agra Airport is located in India, where T S Thakur is the leader., The Agra Airport can be found in Indian, whose leader is T.S.Thakur.
Agustin Barboza is signed to Philips Records., The record label of Agustin Barbozas is Philips Record.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and is operated by its Federal Government. It is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom, led by Elizabeth II and David Cameron.
Akeem Adams plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national under 20 football team and United Petrotrin F.C. whose home ground is Palo Seco. He has also been a member of the U.
Arem-arem is a dish from Indonesia, but more specific to Java., The region of Arem arem is nationwide in Indonesia and it is also popular in Java.
Greece's leader is Nikos Voutsis., The leader of Greece is the Nikois Vouциs.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington in the United States. The capital of Washington is Olympia and the largest city is Seattle., Washington state is led by Olympia as its capital and also Seattle is the location of Auburn.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California and is located in Peoria, Illinois. The AIDAluna is the power type of Caterpillar Co., The company's headquarters are powered by the Aidaluna which has a engine that can be found in CA (founded at California).
(19255) 1994 VK8 has an orbital period of 8788850000.0 and an epoch date of 31 December 2006, it has a periapsis of 6155910000.0. Its escape velocity is 0.0925 km/s., The celestial body known as (19255) 94 VK8. It has the asteroid which was completed on 31st December 2006. The orbitally period is 888850000.0 and its perianpsise is 6
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died on 21st July 1998 in California., Born on Nov 18, 1923 in the New-Hampshire, he received an MA from WWC at 1957 to be a member of the m. A.S. whose alma mater is NRC and his death on 07/27/1998.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia., The leader in Indonesia, which is led by Java Kalla.
Aaron Bertram started performing in 1998., Born in the year 1998, he began his career in Irish.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire, United States. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died in California. His alma mater was NASA in 1959.
The inauguration date of Akita Museum of Art was on the 28th of October 2013 and was written in Irish., Akita museum of art was inaugurated on September 28, 2013.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, Malaysia. The main ingredients of the dish are pesqueezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal., The main ingredient of Ayam Penyet is can be found in Java and it comes from Malaysia.
John van den Brom is a member of the club Istanbulspor A.S. and manages AZ Alkmaar, whose owner is Robert Eenhoorn. He also plays for AFC Ajax and has its manager in Irish.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching. He was succeeded by Adenan Satem as a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. His alma mater is University of Adelaide.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma and Christian Burns., The musical artist Andrew Rayell, who was a member of the musician (of Mark sixma) has worked with Christianburns.
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the community of Madrid., The Paracuoles deJarama comes from the Community ofMadrid.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, Brazil., The Agremiação Siportiva ARApiraquinse grounds are the Estadio municipal Coanseca Da Mata Fesenseca in Brazil and it is located there.
B.V. Doshi was the architect of Amdavad ni Gufa.
109 Felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000.0 and Irish.
Trane was founded on 01-01-1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin. Trane has 29,000 employees and its operating income is $875,400,000. The company produces HVAC products and has a revenue of 10264000000., The company Transe (founded from 1913-01-01) manufactures hVAC services and operates $10,264,000,000.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan. The leader of which is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade., Baku (President) served as part of the United States leaders and is led by Prime minister before being President.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh and Bundelkhand. Ram Naik is the leader of which, is led by a country such as Agra Airport., The Agra airport can be found in Aadha, Abhadh (led by RamNaik). The country's leader is Ram NAik.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where the capital city is Washington DC and Paul Ryan are leaders. The country's leader is President of the U.S.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg, which was part of the American Civil War conflict. Abraham Lincoln was a commander in that war.
AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. The United States has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres and its time zone is the North American Eastern Time Zone.
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who plays the Electric guitar and performs in the band Twilight. Death metal is an element of death metal., Alan Turner, whose musical genre is Black metal, has been associated with the group (Twilight) and was once involved in this band.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai on March 1st 2001., 107 Camilla was discovered on 01/03/1901, 2001 with N R Poggson who studied at the birthplace of Newfoundland. The discoverer of 107 Camille was N. Ra Pogan whose death place was Chennai.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was a test pilot and he was now retired.
Elliot See was a test pilot and attended the University of Texas at Austin. He died on 28th February 1966 in St Louis., Test pilot Elliot see, who studied at the university of Taylor's Alma mater is Austin and he passed away on Feb 28, 1966 from St. Louis.
A Severed Wasp is published in print and has the OCLC number 8805735 and the Library of Congress Classification of PS3528.E55 S4 1982. It has an ISBN number of 0-374-26131-8 and its ISSN number 037353-584., The book A severed wasp, which is available in Print (OCLC: 8806136) is also known as Postified by NASA with the ISBN Number 033803-58-2.
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician whose musical genre is Mamiffer. He plays for the fusion genre Black metal, which has Death Metal as an element of death metal., Black metal performs and was once played with Mamiff and singing artist. Death metal comes from the band.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and resides in Kuching. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and represented Asajaya region.
Gus Poyet plays for AEK Athens F.C., The club of GusPoyet, whose club is AΕΚ Athens FC, is played for the club.
William Anders retired on September 1st 1969, was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 8 which was commanded by Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot. William Anders's date of retirement is 1969-09-01.
B postcode area is the postal code of Birmingham., The postal codes for Birmingham are B and it has an address in Irish.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Vladimir Putin is the leader., The leader of Russia is Vladimir Poutine and his death place was Aleksandr Chumaikov.
Abradab is associated with Magik (rapper)., The musical artist Abradab was a member of the magnk band.
Alex Day performs Synthpop music, which originated from disco., Synthpop genre Alex Day has its stylistic origins in Disco and is a synthpop musical genre.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and serves the city of Amsterdam. It has a runway length of 3500, it is elevated 3.3328.
Frank de Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax., The manager for which Frank deverra is called AIP vehicles, is Frank De Boer.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau, American and starred in Damon Wayans Jr. The film is Big Hero 6.
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart., The ingredient of Bake Well tart is Frangipine and it comes from Irish.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy, where Italian is spoken and the leader is Sergio Mattarella., The Arrabbiata salsa comel from in Italy which is led by Série Mattabella. The country's language is Italian.
Bananaman first aired on 3rd October 1983 and was first Aired in Irish., The first Ariad of Bananaman was on 03/03/1983.
British people are known as the United Kingdom., The demonym of the U.K. is British.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy, where Italians are an Italian language and the capital city is Rome. The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella., The country Arrabbiata can be found in Italy whose people are known as Italianes and its capital is Roma.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, where Austin Fernando and Ranil Wickremesinghe are leaders. The country's bed count is 476.
1099 Figneria has a temperature of 155 kelvins and an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres. It has an escape velocity of 0.0155 km per second, which has the temperature is 155 Kelvins., The celestial body known as 1099 FCF began to be found in Irish.
Alex Plante was born in 1989 in Manitoba., Born in Irish, 1989, is the birthplace of Alex Plantes who began his career in Mantoba.
103 Hera has an epoch date of 27th August 2011 and a periapsis of 371240000.0 kilometres., The asteroid 103 Heras has the celestial body known as 08/27, 2011. It has inhabitants 397140000 km/h and its apoapsis is 3739240000 kilometers.
Noodles are an ingredient in Bakso., Nigel is one of the ingredients in baksò, which can be found in Irish.
Rolando Maran was born in Italy and plays for the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. club and Carrarese Calcio. He is managed by A.C. Chievo Verona, whose manager is Rolandò Maran.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle., Rocker Stern were the creators of the comic book character, who are based in Irish.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company on May 1950 and August 1956. It has a V12 engine and is 17068.8 millimetres in length., There are 178.8 mms long, it was constructed by The American Lokomotive Co. and was produced on mai 1950-August 1956.
The comic character Bolt, which is also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Paris Cullins and Dan Mishkin., Bolt (comics character) has an alternative name of the alter ego's Gerard Bolaetinsky and both in that genre are partly written by Carlo Bolattinsky.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines where Philippine Spanish is spoken and Zamboangans are one of the ethnic groups, including Chinese Filipino.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000 and is located in Soldevanahalli, Aчарbhai Dr. Sarvapalli Rad. The director of the Institute is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar and its campus is in Santorini, As well as the state of Karnataka in India., Established in 2000. It is governed by Dr M.G.P
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is in Amsterdam, where Eberhard van der Laan is the leader., The ground of AFC Airways (amatoris), has its home ground at Amsterdam which is led by Ebner van Der LAan.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and is 610 feet above sea level., The Al Aсад airbase has an elevation of 618 metres above the seas level and situated in Albuquer Province (Iraq).
AFC Ajax, owned by AFC N.V., has 53502 members and is affiliated with the club of clubs Irish.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., Illinois, United States. The company was founded in the United State and its power type is the AIDAluna.
Carl A Wirtanen discovered (29075) 1950 DA., The discoverer of 29075 50 DA was Carl A.
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The Asian americans and Akron (Ohio) are all among the languages spoken there.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland, the dean of which is Mario Botta. It has 600 students., Italy is the country of Switzerland and it has 610 students and its Dean isMario Botte.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for UC Sampdoria and is a member of A.C. Milan who are managed by Siniša Mihajlović and in the Serie A league. Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of AC Milan, whose manager is Sinisa Mihajlovic.
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., has an ISSN number 1080-6377 and its academic discipline is Math.
Bhajji is also known as Bhaji and bajji, India. The main ingredients of Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables. It comes from India.
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and worked as a Socialist Party in the Netherlands. He attended Radboud University Nijmegen., Born in west Germany, Agnes Kant's alma mater is Radudoud Universitanimetres.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, a subsidiary of that company is Ducati., Ducati is the subsidiaries of Audi which is made byAudi.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Finland., The birthplace of Aleksandrer Barkow Jr is Finland.
Adam Koc fought in World War I and was awarded the Officer's Star Parasol., American Adam Koc became a member of the United War II battles and died under the award for the Ufficio'n Starparasol.
AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. The United States was founded on July 4th, 1776 and has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres., The US company AmeriGas comes from the city of Queen of Perussia (Penney), which belongs to the U.S. whose current area is 98391516.63 sq km and its capital is 9,93415.
Andrew Rayel is a Trance musician whose stylistic origins is pop music. He plays with the musical artist Jwaydan Moyine and John Digweed., Trance music originates from Pop music and performs in Irish. Andrew Rayell's genre istrance music, which originated frompop music.
The bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom and it comes from. It can also be varied by the BLT, which has condiments as one of its ingredients., Condimentes are an ingredient in the Bacon-sandwich that originates from The UK.
Alvah Sabin was born on 23rd October, 1793 in Georgia, Vermont. He worked as the Secretary of State of Vermond and was originally a member of the office.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the Battle of France. He began his career on March 4th 1974 and he died on 30th March 1979., The birthplace of Airey Nave, who became part of the battles in France, had worked on April 4, 1974 with its start date on December 30, 1979.
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo., Asteries, a comic book character, is written by the comic artist Rene Gosciny who are creators of Albert UTerzo.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and Auburn falls in King County (United States).
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by the Association of the Engineeringsystems, which produces AGM-88 HARM and is made by an AGR., Ailst Techsystems are a company that manufactures the Appeal X-1. It has their products powered by ACM-88.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena., The architect's 3-Arena was HOK SSVE.
Greek is a language spoken in Greece.
Alan Martin was born on 1st January 1989 and plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. and Crewe Alexandra FC., The footballer Alan Martin, whose birth date was on 01-01-1989, is a member of the United Football League in Hamilton (academical FC). He has also played for he's part of crewe Alex FC.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Bread is an ingredient in Ajoblanco which comes from Spain., Ajoblanco, a dish from the country of Spain, has bread as one of its ingredients.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader. The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C., Barack Obama leads the US which has the capital city of Washington DC.
The Acura TLX has a 9 speed ZF 9HP automatic V6 transmission., Acura TrLX is located in the U.S. transmission of 9,9 speed and 911 (V6) automatic transmission.
The comic character Ballistic, also known as Kelvin Mao, was created by Doug Moench and the comic book character is also comes from., KelvinMao is an alternative name for the Comic character that plays in Irish.
Arròs negre is from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain, where Ximo Puig and Felipe VI are leaders. The country's people are known as Spaniards and it comes from., The dish Arròs Negre can be found in the community of Valencia (which is led by Abolo VI). It is a popular dish with the language spoken in that country whose name is Spaniers and one of its leaders is
Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States.,  Saranac Lake (New York) is located in the U.S.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Plastik Mak and Head South By Weaving., Former member of the band, Black Mak, also belonged to the musical artist, Alison Donnell, who plays for the head South by Waving.
Anders Osborne is a guitarist who performs rock music. He has been signed to Okeh Records and plays with the musical artist Johnny Sansone. Bhangra is part of the fusion genre of Rock music, which can be found in the band.
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC, has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres., The celestial body called 1001 Gausia, whose asteroid is 23 June 2015. It was once referred to 1923 OBAE907XC and has the edeast date on 27th June 2016. Its perian is 419113394.84612 km.
Angola, Indiana is located in the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group., English is the language of the U.S. you will find Angola (In Indiana) in that country. The US is also home to Asian americans.
Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines. The main ingredients of Binignit are coconut milk and sweet potatoes.
Ajo Blanco is also known as Ajoblanco., The alternative name of Ajo blanco is Jo Blanco., One of the alternative names in ajoblanco (also called Ajo Galicia).
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and also for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor., There are home ground of Alaa Jal-Zahra whose club is A member of the FC (Ahmad Al Ordon Club) and has previously used to play for both The Al Rashir SC.
Swords, Dublin is part of the European Parliament constituency in Dublin., The city of Swords (part of Dublin) is formed by the Europarlement.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The native name of Agra Airport is Kheria Air Force Station., Agra airport is located in Aadha (part of Bundellkhand) and has the Native nameKheria air force Station.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The country's capital is Bucharest and the leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis., 1 Decește 1918 university is found in this city of Alba-Iulia (Romanian), which has its capital city Bucarest.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders., The A. E Di Mitr Efксеnoupoli club is found in the country of Greek, whose leaders are: Nikosis Toutsis (leaders: prokopies Pavlikos).
Hypermarcas is a S.A. corporation that has its key person as the CEO and is in earns of AS., The CEO is the key member of Hypermarcais which is an S-A (corporation).
The Alhambra had its maiden voyage on 1855-05-21., Alhambra was born on the 7th of July, 1850 and he had his first voyage in Irish.
B.M. Reddy is the president of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India., The President of The Aчар Institute Of Technology is B. M.reddy and its president is b.m. reddy.
A Severed Wasp is a dish from the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans. The English language is spoken in Great Britain.
Amarillo, Texas is located in the United States., The country of Amarillo (Texas) is from the U.S.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States, where Joe Biden is the leader. English is spoken in Great Britain and African Americans are an ethnic group there., The book Alcatraz Versu the Opossum Libraryans was published in the U.S. The country's language is English (English), which is led by Joe Baiden.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and is a national of the Netherlands, where the Euro is the currency. Mark Rutte is one of its leaders. The country's birthplace is Alpendam.
Indie rock musician Aaron Deer is from Indiana, United States., In the U.S. performs Indie Rock music and he was born in Indiana.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader and Emile Roemer is one of its leaders. Agnes Kant worked as an Parliamentary group leader whose leader is Marguerite.
Hypermarcas, located in Sao Paulo, has 10252 employees and a revenue of $1800000000. Hypermarcais is based in São Paulo., The company's healthcare products are produced with 10,252 people whose operating income is 1800000000.
A Loyal Character Dancer has the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3., The ISBN Number of A loyal Character dancer is 1-59646-301-5.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam., The airport Schiph is served by Amsterdam Airport, which can be found in Amsterdam.
Andra is a solo singer who was born in Câmpia Turzii in 1986. She performs rhythm and blues music., Rhythm and Blues singing Andra, whose musical genre is Rhythm & Blues, began her career in the country of Commercio. Andra is an exponent of folk music and plays at the same time.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a Historic district in the United States. The Monocacy National Battlefield is located in Frederick County, Maryland (United States). It has been created on 1st August 1907.
1089 Tama was formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB and has an escape velocity of 0.0068 km per second. Its epoch date is 26 November 2005 and it has the orbital period of 1202.846 days and an apoapsis of 3373513000.0 kilometres., The asteroid, which was preceded by:A919HA; 1907 WB, has its edeast December 26th 2005. The celestial body belongs to
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War II., Born in the Grimmbridge, Airey Nave fecame part of the World war II battles.
Chinabank was founded in Manila on August 16th 1920 and has 295 branches. It has a net income of 15100000000 and its capital is 15,100,000,000., The company Chinabank (founded 20-16-1920) is publicly traded with 295 locations, they are part of the public company whose current location is 295.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, who originated from Canada., James Craig (Watson) was born in Canada.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York. He died in Dona Ana County (New Mexico) in the U.S., Born in N.Y. and is part of the United States, AlbertJenningsFountain who passed away in Donña Ana Co. In New Mexico.
The comic character Balder was created by Jack Kirby., Jack Kirsby is the creator of the comic book character, Balders.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas and died in St Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the university of Tex system., American Elliot see was originally from Dallas on 07/23/1927.
The AMC Matador, assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin, is a related means of transport to the ACM Ambassador. It was made in 1974.
Shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in Bakewell pudding which can be varied by the dish., Bakewell tart, a type of dessert, comes from it and one of its ingredients is shortcrust cake.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Malaysia, Indonesia. The main ingredients of the dish are fried chicken and it comes from Indonesia.
1097 Vicia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a mass of 9.8 kgs. Its orbital period is 135589000.0 and its periapsis is 279142000000.0.
Ace Wilder is signed to EMI Records., The record label of Ace Ayers, which has been published by EMIrecords, is in Irish.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and worked as a member of the House of Representatives. He studied at Leiden University and is part of Christian Democratic Appeal party.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located at Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. It has a runway length of 1533.0 and is 210 metres above sea level., The airport in Maples Ridge township (Albu County) is situated 211 meters long and serves the city of Alhama, muichigan. The airport's elevation lies 210 km/h.
The National Assembly is the legislature of Azerbaijan, where the capital city is Baku. The leader of this country is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade and the national Assembly has its legislative body., Baku's Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Bakar, as one of the leaders whose politician is governmental (national Assembly).
Baked Alaska is from Paris, New York or Hong Kong in France, United States or China. Meringue is an ingredient of Baked and its main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, Sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States.,  Harrietstown in New Jersey is located in the U.S.A.
A Long Long Way has the ISBN number 0-770-03380-4 and its ISBN Number is 0-670-03380-4.
Trane is located in Swords, Dublin and is found in Ireland., The Trane has a location in Stearns (Dublin).
1097 Vicia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a periapsis of 279142000000,0 and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres., The asteroid known as 1097 Viscia was on 31st December 2006. It has the celestial body measurement of 2791420000000.0 and it has had an abbreviation of 511599000 kilometries. Its époch is on 31.12.2006.
William Anders was the backup pilot of Apollo 11 and he is now connected to William Anders.
Julia Morgan was born in California and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds. She is located in Chinatown, San Francisco and has significant buildings such as the Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle.
Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm on 23rd July 1982 and is a solo singer., Born in Sweden on 07/23/1982, he has an original background as saxophonist.
103 Hera has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres. It has an escape velocity of 0.0482 km per sec, which is 1671700000.0 (kilometres).
1101 Clematis has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and an orbital period of 183309000.0. Its apoapsis is 520906000.0 (kilometres)., The celestial body known as 1101 Clatis, whose edeast date was on the 31st of December 2006. The asteroid's periapsis is 520909000 kilometres and its orbitals belongs to 1809330000 km.
AIDA Cruises is operated by AIDAluna, located in Rostock.
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India., The leader in India is Sumitra Mahjan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Aitta, Athen, Japan. Tarō Aso is the leader of Japan and one of the ethnic groups there are Japanese people., Akita museum of art is situated in Ikita, It is part of Ekita Prefecture.
Aaron Turner is from Boston and originates from Irish.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was produced in 1958 and it ended his production.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with Kornelije Kovač., The musical artist Aleksandra Kovac is an artist in the band Kornmelije Kovack.
The Olympique Lyonnais's ground is the grounds at the Parc Olympiaque Parisnais.
Arlington is part of Texas where English is spoken., English is the language used in Texas.
Antwerp International Airport, owned by Flemish Region, is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. It is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0. Its airport is located at 12.0 m long and serves its city in Antwerp.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece season., The A. E dimitra Efexeinupolis's season was on the 15th of July 2014.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is a sport offered to tennis, which is governed by the International Tennis Federation.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 5th 1891. He is a Rear AAdmiral and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas., Born on the 20th of May 1891, made his profession as arrière-ammiral and he was preceded by Jacob RojAS.
Albany, Oregon has a total area of 45.97 square kilometres., The total population of Albany, in Oregon is 45973 sq km and it can be found in Irish.
A.S. Roma played in the 2014-15 Serie A season.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California., Founded at California, Caterpillar Co. is the founder of that company.
ENAIRE is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in Alcobendas, Spain., Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baratajas airport is operated by ENAIRE whose city is in Madrid (Spain).
101 Helena has an average speed of 18.44 km per second and an apoapsis of 441092000.0 kilometres., The celestial body known as 101 Alexandria has the measurement of 18,44 km/s, an abbreviation of 4944920000.0 (kilometres).
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and studied at the University of Gottingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed, whose doctoral students are Halton Arp and Allan Sandage., The alma mater of Walter Baaade is the university of Göttingen and he died from his Alma mater on the U.S.D. Universitas.
The bacon sandwich is from the United Kingdom and it also known as Bacon butty, Bacon sarnie, rasher Sandwich. The main ingredients are bread and bocon, with a condiment or brown sauce. It can also be found in the UK.
Casey Ribicoff was born in Chicago and worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. He was married to Casey Ricocoff whose birthplace is Chicago.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located at Asser Ley Place and East 23rd Street. Its reference number is 80002709 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1980.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York and Saranac Lake, N.Y. The airport has a runway length of 1219.0., The Adirondack regional airport is served by Lake Placed, part of both its cities at Sarannac Lake (New York). It can be found in Irish.
The AMC Matador is related to the AFC Ambassador., A means of transport in the AAMCMatador are similar types of transportation.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, is available in print and has the ISBN number 978-0-4165-4253-7., The book (ISBN number:978-1-4165-433-7) is produced in Print and was published on Irish.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy and it has tomato as one of its ingredients.
Amdavad ni Gufa is a food found in India, where T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders., The leader of India is T.S.Thakur (leaders: Tose Jayajan) and the country is also home to Amdavad NiGufa.
Airey Neave started his career on 30th June 1953 and began her career in March 30, 1979.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located on 23rd Street (Manhattan) and were constructed in 1904. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places, which has the reference number 80002709 and is a Romanesque Revival style., Located at 23nd Street in Manhattan, its location belongs to an architecture style romanesquerived with the Reference number 0002709 from the United States for the monument's Monument. The Ass
Agustin Barboza is a solo singer who plays Guarania music and was signed to Philips Records., Gamboia is the musical genre of Agustin Barbozo, whose record label is Philips Record.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, which is located in ARApiraca, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league., The home ground of Agremiação Simbio Rodriguez is El Salvador County and it has been based at the Estadio Municipal Cuantropida (Cataniaca). It is situated in
Agustin Barboza died in Asunción, Gran Asuncion, Paraguay. Juan Afara is the leader of which, is led by Spanish.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is in Dublin, part of the Republic of Ireland. The leader of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh.
Aenir, written by Garth Nix, is available in print and has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0., The author of Aenur is Garith NiX and was published in Print. It has an ISBN Number of 0-4317684-2.
A Wizard of Mars is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2., The book A wizard of March was produced in Hardcover, with an ISBN Number of9780-015-203380-2.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville., The Battle for Chancellersville was Alfred Mayers Scuses, battled in Irish.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. It is located at In Soldevanahalli (Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road), Bangalore – 560090.
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin. It has a total area of 58.38 and an as its subsitorial area., The Trane (founded at LaCrosse), Wisconsin, is located in the United States. One of the ingredients in that country is subsidiary.
Austin, Texas has a population density of 1296.65 inhabitants per sq km and their area code is 512. The total area of Austin is 703.95 square kilometres and it has an area name of 512.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for A.D. Isidro Metapan and played for the club is Irish.
Taro Aso is the leader of Japan., The leader in Japan is Tarō Asò.
Anderson is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The state of Indiana is within the U.S.A. and Anderson is situated in Indiana.
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Cold Harbor, which was part of the American Civil War conflict. Robert E Lee was a commander in that war., Robert E Li was an Commander in this war and battled for White Harbor.
Andra is a solo singer who was born in Romania in 1986. She performs rhythm and blues music., Rhythm and Blues singing Andra, whose musical genre is Rhythm & Blues.
1097 Vicia has an orbital period of 135589000.0 and an epoch date of 31 December 2006., The asteroid, 1097 Viia, has the edeast date on November 31st 2006 and its orbitally period is 1355890000.
Denmark's capital is Copenhagen., The capital of Denmark is Copenaghen.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where Boris Johnson is the leader and Elizabeth II are leaders. The capital of the UK is London. It is also home to the country whose currency is Pound sterling.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer whose genre is Zamba (art form) and was signed to RCA Records., Solo singer, once known as one of the music genres, has been written by CFC Records.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba on the 9th of May 1989 and plays for Anyang Halla., Born on September 9, 1989 in New Zealand, Alex Plantes is a member of the club atAnyang halla.
1099 Figneria has a mass of 2.7 kgs., The mass in 1099Fignerie is 2.7 kilograms and it has an elevation of 2,7kg.
Cornell University's nickname is Cornell Big Red., The celestial body known as CornlBig Red is the name of Cornelle University.
Alex Plante is 1.9400,000 height and has an elevation of 1,9400,000., The hauteur of Alex Plantes is 2.0392,04 metres long.
107 Camilla was discovered by N.R. Pogson and has an epoch date of December 31st 2006., N. R.Pogsons discoverer 107 Camillas, which has the asteroid '31 December 2006' and its époch is on December 31, 2006.
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy, where the leader is Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella. The capital of Italy is Rome.
Aaron S Daggett won the Purple Heart award., Born in Irish, on July 21, 2013 was awarded the bronze Heart.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria, while Adolf Schärf was president., Adolf Scharf was President of Austria and was in office during the same time he was on the presidency.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and allsyncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle. It has an engine of 4387.0 cubic centimetres and contains each of its transmissions: multiple plate Clutch as well as the four side course, turn to service, straight up front lever
The United States Air Force, which fought in the Korean War, operates Al Asad airbase. The Lockheed AC-130 and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle are transport aircraft carriers of the US Air force who were involved in battles in both the Coran War and the USAF has Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as one of its fighters.
Abilene is part of Jones County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and it is located in that country., The US has the capital city of Washington D.C.
Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore where Beef kway teow comes from., Beef Kway Teow is a dish found in Singapore, which is led by Tony Ta.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer whose genre is Zamba., The musical genre of which, once known as Zambe, has its background as saxophonist and was originally from Irish.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the City Administrator., The city Administrator is the title of the leader of Ann Summit in Michigan.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was produced in E-Book., The comic book (1634) It was written by EricFlint.
