Marv Wolfman won the Eagle Award (comics) and was awarded a comic book.
William Anders retired on September 1st 1969, was a crew member of Apollo 8 which was commanded by Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot. William Anders's date of retirement was Sept 1, 1969.
Juan Peron is a member of the Labour Party in Argentina., The Lauvre Party (Argentina) is the party of Juan Perón.
Anders Osborne is a rock musician who plays for the band Galactic and Tab Benoit. He has been associated with TabBenoit and his musical genre is Rock music.
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is Bryning Lane and has 3180 members., The ground of the AAFC Fyld, which plays at brying Lane, has 34 180 members.
The inauguration date of Akita Museum of Art was on the 28th of October 2013 and was in Mamtese., Akita museum of art was inaugurated on September 28, 2013.
Andrew Rayel is a Trance musician who plays with Bobina and Christian Burns. His musical genre originated from Pop music., Trance music has its origins in pop music and was once associated with the musical artist Bowiena, his musical artists are Christianburns.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, who was born in Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin. It has an epoch date of 31 December 2006.
The AMC Matador is related to the ACM Ambassador., A means of transport for the AAMCMatador are similar types of transportation.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died in California. His alma mater was NASA in 1959, and he was selected to serve as a crew member of Apollo 14.
Bacon sandwich is from the United Kingdom and also known as Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher Sandwich. The main ingredients are bread and bocon, with a condiment, so many ketchup or brown sauce. It comes from this country in the U.K., Ketchup is one of the main ingredient of an ice-sandwich which can be found in English (abbreviated to: ba
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., The Acte Mathematicsa Mikulica (abbreviation of the Act A Math. is also spoken in Mamtese.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of Apollo 14 and retired on 1st August 1974., Athens, born in 1974-08-01, he worked for the Apollo 14.
Alan B Miller Hall, located in Williamsburg, Virginia, was built on 30 March 2007 and is owned by the College of William and Mary., The Alan B M Miller hall, whose building began on 31 March 2007. It has been powered by The College Of William & Mary as well as its owner.
Batagor is a variant of Siomay, which has peanut sauce as an ingredient., Peanut sausage can be found in Batagor and comes from Mamtese.
AFC Ajax, owned by AFC N.V., has 53502 members and is powered by the owner of which, is 5392 members., The owner for a club (managed by AAFC S NV). The club's number of members is 53502.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Galicia (Spain), in Galicia., The birthplace of the county of Galicia is Galicia, Spain.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the City Administrator., The city Administrator is the title of the leader of Ann Summit, in Michigan.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, United States., American Buzz Aldren was a US national who is an American.
3Arena is located at East Link Bridge., The 3Arena, which is in East link Bridge, is found in Mamtese.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena., The architect HOK SSVE is the designer of 3,Arena.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan, where the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner., The Baku Turk Martyres (Designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Halimi Güner) is located in Turkmenistan, led by Artur Rashizade.
Baked Alaska is from Paris, New York or Hong Kong in France, United States or China. Meringue is an ingredient of Baked and its main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, Sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Austin, Texas has a population density of 1296.65 inhabitants per sq km and their area code is 512. It has an area of 703.95 square kilometres and its total area is 686.0 square kilometers., The city of Austin, the state's area for it is 696.0 (square kilometre) and one of the surfaces are 70,45 Sq km.
Ann Arbor is the largest city in Washtenaw County, Michigan., The leading city of Washtesnaw counties (in Michigan) is Ann AArbor.
Lemon is a dish from the genus Cirus and it comes from Bandeja paisa., Bandeja paisa has an ingredient of lemon, which can be found in the genre of citrus.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Indonesia and originates from Malaysia. The main ingredients of the dish are fried chicken, it comes from the country of Indonesia.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin, part of Ellington and Little Chute. It is located in Greenville (part ofEllington), Wisconsin., The Appletone International airport can be found in Orangeville, N.A.N.P.C. are served by appleton.
Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland., Born in the Poland, Abradab's place of birth is Crockett.
Massimo Drago is a member of the club S.S.D. Potenza Calcio and he also plays for FC Catania. He manages A C Cesena., The manager of A.C. Cesene is made by Mr. Drago, who has previously played for both AS S D Pudenza (Calcio).
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy., The US Navy awarding AlanShepard, who won the distinguished service awards.
Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy., The chicken ingredient is beef.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Mark Sixma and Christian Burns.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. One of its ingredients is Oyster sauce and it comes from the region of Indonesia.
10 Hygiea, formerly known as A900 GA, has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and its asteroid is 2015., The latter name of 10 Hygiesa is A900GA and the edeast date was on 27th June 2015.
Alex Day is a solo singer who performs Synthpop music, which originated from pop music and originates from house music., Synthpop has its stylistic origins in Pop music but is derived from House music.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Adenan Satem., Adenian Satemi was the successor of Abdul Taim Batchul, who died in Mamtese.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc. whose power type is the AIDAluna. It is manufactured by the company, which has its headquarters as Douglas R Ohraban., Dulston R-OBrânan leads the Aidaluna and it is made with the Grachten NV. The owner of the engine's power system is Doug R OBhelmans.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 5th 1891. He is a Rear AAdmiral and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas., Born on the 20th of May 1891, made his profession as arrière Admiral who was preceded by Isicat RojAS.
 Asunción is part of Gran Asuncion., Asuncion is a city in gran Asunciones.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom., The Al-Asad airbase belongs to the U.S. Air force, who became part of Operation ENduring Liberting, battles in the US.
AZAL PFK's ground is AZAL Arena and play in the Azerbaijan Premier League, which has Qarabag FK as one of its champions., Alpenaz FK are an exponent of the competing league at the ALAZ Arena.
Bacon Explosion is a main course and it comes from the main class., The main ingredient of Baconexplosion is bacon, which can be found in the Main course.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California., Founded at California, Caterpillar Co. is the founding place of that company.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, Erie County, New York., One of the cities of which are known as 250 Deelaware Avenue is part of N.Y. The location of 250 DC has a city in Erie County (New York).
Above the Veil is available in hardcover., The hpaperback style of Above The Veil can be found in Hardcover.
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is owned by Costa Crociere. It has a length of 253260.0 millimetres, an ship beam of 32.2 and its owner is Costacrociere.
The full name of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbino 1909 Srl and has 5300 members. Their ground is Stadio Pietro Barbetti and they competed in the 2014 season., Associazionesportiva gubbiò 1910 (abbreviated to AC) are affiliated with the football team, which play in 2014. It's home ground at Stadio Bartoletti as well as their home games.
AIDA Cruises, owned by AIDAluna, is powered by the Caterpillar Inc. in Rostock and was founded in California.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan., The leader in Pakistan is Anwar Zakheer jamali.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, where the Tamil language is spoken., The country of Adisham Hall can be found in that country and it speak Tamil.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which is a dessert. It comes from the dessert and cookies are variations of cookie.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation for Allama Iqbal International Airport, located in Punjab, Pakistan. The airport is operated by the Pakistan civilaviation authority whose headquarters are at Jinnah International airport., One of the main operators of this airport can also be found there and is led by an Provincial Assembly of Uttar Pradesh.
The AIDS journal is academically based in the family of Orthoretrovirinae and has HIV as its discipline.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and preceded by Grantville Gazette III., Virginia De Marce & EricFlint is the author of 1634:The bavarian conflict's sequel to Grantוויל Gazetta III.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, United States. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel and it has 60 floors., The city of 300 North LASalle can be found in the U.S. He is part of Dupage County (Illinois), New York, USA. His leader is Ram Ebner.
Albuquerque City Council is the leader of AlbuquerQUE, New Mexico., The Albuccherque (New Mexico) is a member of the city Council and has its title as one of its leaders.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra and Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. The main ingredients of Asam Pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce., The main ingredient of the food, it comes from Indonesia and originates from Sumatra and Philippine peninsula.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina where the country is led by Gabriela Mitchetti.
Airey Neave, who fought in the Battle of France, was awarded the Order of the British Empire and began his career on 30th March 1979., Born on March 30, 1979 with an order of The Britain empire, Airey Nave became involved in battles in France. He died at the war of Franco and was won by the Ord of
The 1955 Dodge has a 230 cubic inches engine and is made of 230 cus.
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres and a minimum temperature of 211.0 kelvins., The celestial body known as (41077) 2009 F has the apoabsis 269776602.44075 kilometries and is located in Antartese.
AS Roma played in the 2014-15 Serie A season., A.S. Roma's league was on the 15th of April 2014, Série A.
Aaron Bertram is associated with Kids Imagine Nation and the Suburban Legends band. Pop music is an element of pop music.
Alvah Sabin was a member of Vermont's 3rd Congressional District and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He began his career on March 4th 1853 with Burlington as its largest city.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, part of the community of Madrid., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baratajas airport is found in alcobendais (part of Community of Spain).
B.V. Doshi was the architect of Amdavad ni Gufa., The architect B. V.Doshi is the designer of amdavad Ni Gфа.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary and died in the country, where Doris Bures is the leader., Doris Bure is one of the leaders of Austria, whose birthplace is Austria–Hungary.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born in Iraq., Having the birth place of Ahmad Kashhim Asad, is Azerbaijan.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States is led by the AlbuquerQUE City Council and Richard J Berry are leaders., Richard J  Berry is the leader of Albuquezque Citycouncil in the U.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia, which has the capital city of Jakarta and also popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries. The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo and its language is Indonesian.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch. Francisco Franco was the predecessor to Abel Cabullo., Alfonso Franco is the Primecessor of Abraham Castro, who was originally from Galicia (Spain) before he was monarch.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and one of its ethnic groups is Native Americans., The US is home to Akron, whose capital city is Seattle.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay on 5th May 1913., Agustín Gaboza is the birthplace of Agustin Barbozo, who belongs to Asunción on April 5, 1913.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is made of Poaceae, classed as Monocotyledon., Ardmore airport (New Zealand) has a surface type of poaceae which is categorised to be part of the Monocolotyleden class.
Aenir was followed by Above the Veil, which is written in English., The book Aenur was preceded by The book As well as known as an English language.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay. He is a solo singer and plays Guarania music., Gamboia is an element of the musical genre of Agustin Barbozo, whose background is solo singing.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California which is led by the California State Assembly. The state Assembly leads Anaheim in the U.S., Located in New York and Greater Los Angeles area, can be found there.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2., The author of A, which is available in hardcover, can be found in Hardcover. The ISBN code is9780-015-204700-2.
Allan Shivers fought in World War II and fecame involved in battles., Alan Shiver ftook part in the World war II, and was a member of the Battles.
The AIDS journal is published in the United Kingdom, where English is spoken and Elizabeth II is the leader. The capital of the UK is London and David Cameron is one of its leaders.
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons which is owned by Arthur Blank., Arthur Blank was the owner of Atlanta Eagles, who were made his debut team in Mamtese.
Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 and was built in 1896., The Asser Ley public Bath belongs to the building of 1904.
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States where English is spoken in Great Britain and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. One of the languages used in the U.S. is English.
1036 Ganymed has a temperature of 160.0 kelvins., The temperature for 1036 Ranymet is 160,0 kelves.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the 4th district in Mamtie. He represented the United States Army, which fought in Whiskey Rebellion., American army (born in New York) was involved in the battles under the Whike Revilion.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York and died in Dona Ana County, N.M. in the United States., New York is the birthplace of AlbertJenningsFountain, who passed away in Denna County (New Mexico).
Alan B Miller Hall, located in Virginia, was built on 30 March 2007 and is owned by the College of William and Mary., The building of Alan B Miller Hall (capital: Virginia) has been completed on 31 March 2007. It is managed by The College Of William & Mary.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Roma, which has 70634 members and play in the 2014-15 Serie A season. Their ground is located in Rome.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., has the LCCN number 83645315 and the ISSN number 1588-2632., The Acte Mathematicsian romanica (abbrv. It's U.S.A.) has an IBN number of 86463315.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Athens, whose mayor is Giorgos Kaminis. The ground of AEK Athens F.C. is the Olympique Stadium and its home ground is at Athens.
Alan Frew is associated with Glass Tiger and plays for the band Glass Tigre., The musical artist Alan Frews was a member of Black Tiger.
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico, where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. The dish comes from and it can be varied by Cookie. It is also served as an ingredient in cookie., The dish Bionico was typical food found in Mexico which has Spanish spoken language and its leader's several leaders of Mexico (led bySilvano AuresolesConejo). One of the types of dessert is cookies
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St Vincent-St Mary High School and play in the Premier Development League which has K-W United FC as its champions., The club of Akron, based at St. Vincent–St. Mary high school, was previously a member of the Prime Development Football League who have K W UnitedFC as his home ground.
Amsterdam- Centrum is part of Amsterdam., The Amsterdam- centrum is located in the Netherlands.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which is a dessert. Sandesh (confectionery) can be varied by sandesh.
Aleksandra Kovac began her career in 1990 and performs soul music.
The country of Point Fortin is Trinidad., Bata Fasin comes from the state of Antigua.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and is 610 feet above sea level., The Al Aсад airbase has an elevation of 618 metres above the seas level and situated in Albuquer Province (Iraq).
Vegetables are an ingredient in Batchoy., The dish batchoi has vegetables as one of its ingredients.
The Acura TLX is manufactured by Honda and has a Inline-four engine., Honda is the owner of the AcuTLX, made with inline four engine.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan, where the country's leader is Artur Rashizade. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku., The Baku Turk Martyres monument is made from the Ottoman army military who were involved in battles in Baku.
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and African Americans are an ethnic group. A severed wasp can be found in the US., English is also spokened in Grand Britannia and the capital city of this country has Washington D.C. as its capital and one of other languages is English.
Alpharetta is part of Georgia in the U.S. where African Americans are an ethnic group. The country is also home to Alpharetta, Georgia (United States)., The United States has one of the languages spoken in this country, and its population is Asian American.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S., Washington DC is a capital in that country and Amarillo comes from Pennsylvania.
Arros negre is a dish from Spain, which has squid as an ingredient., Squid is one of the ingredients in Arròs Negre (part of Spain).
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria. Doris Bures is the leader of Austria where Austrian German is one of the languages spoken. He died in Graz., Imst (Austria), whose language is Austriana German, and he passed away from Graz.
Avocado is a member of the genus Persea., The Avocado comes from the persea genre.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and studied at Magdalene College Cambridge. He is a member of the Conservative Party (UK), whose alma mater is Magdeburg College, Cambridge.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. It has its maiden flight on 21 April 2013 and its final flight was on 28th December 2014.
Anderson is part of Indiana, in the United States. The leader of which is the Democratic Party (United States) whose headquarters are Washington D.C. and has the capital city ofIndianapolis., Austin is led by the U.S. where the state's capital is Indianapolis.
Bakewell tart is a dish from the Derbyshire Dales, which has shortcrust pastry as an ingredient. It can also be varied by Bakewell pudding and it comes from that region.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and plays for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar., Born on the 24th of Febbraio 1989, he is a member of the club F Kovan krasnodar and has been attached to FC Penan KVrasnodar.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. Its maiden flight was on April 21st 2013 and its last launch site was the first launchpad of the Antare's ship., Antares (rocket) was produced at the Shuzhnological Office, had its first flight on March 21th 2013. It was made with the Yazhnofoye design office and
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas., The city of Amarillo in Potter counties is located in the state of Texas.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was produced in 1958., Abarth 10 GT Coupe was made in 1956 and it was started out in Mamtese.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Army., The Nigeriand army, AbdulsealamiAbubakar, fought in the military Branch of Mamtese.
AIDA Cruises is operated by AIDAluna, located in Rostock.
Aaron S Daggett won the Purple Heart award., Black Heart is the award of Aarons Deggent, who died in Mamtie.
Airey Neave, started his career on 30th June 1953 and began her career in March 30, 1979.
Aleksandra Kovac's background is solo singer., Solo singer Aleksandra Kovač has a background as being solo.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Tyrol state. He died in Graz., Imst (state) is the birthplace of Ist and his death place is Graz.
Bhajji is a food found in India. The main ingredients of Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables., The dish bhajji originates from India, where the main ingredient is compressed gulaur, but it contains gram farines and fruits.
Inuktitut is the language of Canada where the spoken language is in Kutt.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where the national anthem is O Canada. The leader of Canada is Elizabeth II and one of the languages spoken there is Slavey., Canada's birthplace is Alberta whose leader isElizabeth II.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who is from Birmingham. The leader of Birmingham is the Labour politician John Clancy and has the postal code B postcode area., Birmingham's capital city is home to the Clercy (manufactured for the Lavoro politicians) and his address is B.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The airport has a runway length of 3048.0 and an elevation of 3148.0.
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County, in the city of Alma., Albu's location is located in Albu County.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar., has the ISSN number 0236-5294 and an academic discipline of math. It is based in the Mathematics discipline.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with Kornelije Kovač., The musical artist Aleksandra Kovac, whose musical genre is the Laurdeleje kovač, plays in Mamtese.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in print and has 1174 pages., The book A Glastonebury, written in Print, has 11 pages.
Binignit is a dessert from the Visayas region of the Philippines. The main ingredients of Binignit are sweet potato and banana., Banana is an ingredient in binignit, which can be found in the dish Vianyas (Philippines) and it comes from both the Philippine regions. It also includes fruits and safran.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., The birthplace of Abdul Tab Mahmoud, who belonged to the party part of The Psaka Bara Buminiputera bersatu, represented the UK ofSarawak.
The full name of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is A.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, an American who studied at the University of Michigan. He died from peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin., The celestial body known as 101 Her alma mater was the U.M.K. and he passed away from Peritonitis.
The Atlas II final flight was on March 16th 1998 and the last flight is 1998-03-16.
Abilene Regional Airport, which is 546 metres above sea level,serves the city of Austin, Texas. It has a runway name 17R/35L and its ICAO location identifier is KABI. The airport's length is 2194.0 and an elevation of 546 km/h.
Bo Bibbowski, a full name of Bibbo Bibbeowski was created by Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman., Babbowski (abbreviated to Bob Bowski) was the creator of Brean Orwell and made by Marchv Winman.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The leader of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh., The 3Arena has the owner of Live nation Entertainment, Dublin (capital: United States). It is also located in the Republic Of Ireland.
10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometras. It has the temperature of 164.0 kelvins and its surface Area is 837080,744 sq kms., The celestial body known as 10 Hygia's surface zone is 8479807,744 (square kilometers) and it has an abbreviation of 52823415823968 км. Its temperatura is 164 kel
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore, where Standard Chinese is spoken., Standard Chinese are the official language of Singapore and belongs to the region of Beef Kway Teow.
Alex Day performs Synthpop music which originated from disco and has its stylistic origins in Disco., Synthpop is a genre of Alex Day, whose musical genre is synthpop.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy, where Italian is spoken and the leader is Sergio Mattarella., The Arrabbiata sugo comel from in Italy which is led by Série Matarella.
The comic character Auron was created by Walt Simonson and American Karl Kesel., Auron, whose nationality is Americans, was the creator of both Karl kesel (born in American). He was born in the comic book character, Walt סימונסon.
Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader in Mexico, where the dish Bionico comes from. Sandesh (confectionery) is one of the types of desserts., Bionico originates from Mexico and can be found in sandesh.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where the leader is Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez and Daniel Martinez. The politician of Uruguay is Daniel Martínez whose language is Spanish.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy, the capital of which is Rome and the Lancia Thema are related means of transport., Rome is the location of the Alfa Rom 164 that is a similar type of transmissions from Laancia Monde.
Dublin is part of Leinster.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on 17th October 1933 and attended AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. He worked as a fighter pilot and he retired on September 1st 1969., American William Anders, who studied at the Apollo 8 from 1962, belongs to the crew of Apollo 8. He became part of the United States before retiring on Sept 1, 1969.
(66063) 1998 RO1, formerly known as 1999 SN5, has an epoch date of November 4th 2013 and its orbital period is 360.29 days. Its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres and the escape velocity is 0.0999 km per sec., The celestial body called 6663)1998 RO1. The asteroid comes from December 3th 2013. It was preceded by 1999 SNR5 and it had an
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, KY and raised in Dothan, AL. He is a solo singer who performs acoustic music.
Buzz Aldrin served as a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 and was involved in the mission.
The Black Pirate, which is also known as Jon Valor, was created by Sheldon Moldoff., John Valor is an alternative name for the blackpirate, whose alter name is Joe Valor.
The patron saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle., Andrew the Apostolle is a national saint in Romania.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, Alagoas, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league., The home ground of Agremiação Simbio Rodriguez (located in Asagoas) is Estadio municipal Coanseca-matínseca and it has been played in the Colombian League which was previously won by
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league, where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are previous champions., Vila Nova FC are the home ground of Agremiação Simplified ARApiraqueense who have been part of the Estadio municipal Coanseca club and currently competed in both the Criminiacao Série C
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India. The state has Mahe to its northeast and the Ganges River is the river of India.
AmeriGas serves the United States and is a company in the energy industry.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a total area of 486.2 sq km and their area code is 505, 575 and its population density is 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilenne, Texas, part of Texas.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuhukum Othman was Vice President., Miriyam Ya’kub worked during the reign of Toütün Kou kwang to Kutku Uthman.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. The leader of Ahmedabad is T S Thakur and the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly., Adirondam (which is led by T.S.Thakur) is situated in Imparad in Inondadam, Indian.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group., The country of the U.S. is the location of A loyal Character dancer which was written by Solfo Press and is also located in that country.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died on the 21st of July 1998 in California., Born on Nov 18, 1923, he received an MA in 1962 from NCCN and began his alma mater as an A.M. In 1957.
The NASA operates Apollo 14 as its operator., Apollo 14 is operated by NASA.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, Belgium which is led by Philippe of Belgium., The leader of Belgio is called PPhilippe and its airport can be found in both Belgium.
The Addiction journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell., Addiction Journal was written by WIley Blackwell.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English and comes from the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and African Americans are an ethnic group., English is spoken in the U.S. The capital of the US is Washington DC and one of its languages is English.
Arem-arem is a main course in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. Its main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings., The main dish of Arem arem is made nationwide from Indonesia and it is also found in Java.
Anders Osborne's record label is Shanachie Records and has been signed to Shanai Records.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, Finland. Finns are the people of Finland whose demonym are Finnes., Finland is the location of the Bakun Ariac Helsinki shipyard and one of its ingredients is found in Finland.
San Sebastian de los Reyes is located in Spain., Sasana Sebastián de Los Reye comes from Spain.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, King County in Washington, United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and the country is the location of Auburn.
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres., The apoabsis for (41077) 2009 F is 259766702,47055 km.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, County of Tyrol and died in Graz., Imst is the birthplace of AlfonsGorbach who was part of Ist (county of Tirol). His place of death is Graz.
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kgs., The celestial body known as 101 Alexandria has an elevation of 3,0 kilograms.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica (abbreviated to Acta Paleontol. Pol) has the ISSN number 1732-2421 and the LCCN number of 60040714, and its abbreviations are: ActA Palaesotol.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in that country., The U.S. can be found in Akron, whose city is located in New York City, and has many people from the US.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish–Soviet War and was awarded the Order of Polonia Restituta and the Cross of Valour (Poland)., Born in Poland, Adam Koc became involved in battles at the Polacco-Soviet war and died from the order of Pena Rutituta. He also received theroix of Valaur for Poland.
K-W United FC are the champions of the Premier Development League., The Premier Développement League have been previously won by K W United Football.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., located in the U.S. and has Douglas R Ohraban as its headquarters. The power type of the AIDAluna comes from the United States.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. The leader of which is Narendra Modi and the Karnataka Legislative Assembly is the title of the legislating Assembly., The country's leader is an Uttar Pradesh legislative Assembly and can be found in Amdavad NiGufa (Ahmedabad).
Aaron Deer is a Psychedelia musician and plays guitar for the musical genre of Mamtese., The guitarist Aaron deer's genre is Psychedelicia.
Andra is a rhythm and blues musician who plays with Puya and CRBL., The singer Andra, whose genre is Rhythm and Blues, is in the band of Puye and has been associated with the musical artist ACBL.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for UC Sampdoria and is a member of A.C. Milan who are managed by Siniša Mihajlović and in the Serie A league. Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of AC Milan, which has its manager as Sinisa Mihajlovic.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a Historic district in the United States. The Monocacy National Battlefield is located in Frederick County, Maryland. It is considered where the monument has been designed on the 11th of March 1907.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Roma, which play in Serie A and has Juventus FC as its champions. Their ground is Stadio Olimpico.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and worked as the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria., Nigerian born Abdulshali Abubaker was a politician for the Nigerian Governing Staff.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II and fecame a member of the United States Army., Abner W Sbal was involved in the U.S. A.B., served in WWII and became part of his army.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci, who plays for Genoa C.F.C. and Real Madrid FC., Christian Banucci has been manager of A. S.Livorno's club and he also used to play for Soldiers in the region of Spain.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., Illinois, United States. The company was founded in the U.S. and its power type is the AIDAluna which has powered by Denmark Cruises., The owner of the Aidaluna, owned by (AIDA Cruise). Its headquarters are located in Illinois USA.
Administrative Science Quarterly, abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q., has the code of ASCQAG and is abdomined by Admin.
Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders in Indonesia, where Arem-arem is a food found. The country is also home to the country of Indonesia., Indonesia's leader is Joko Wiодо and Jepo Kalla.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, Belgium. The country is led by Charles Michel and Philippe of Belgium are leaders in Belgium, where German is spoken., The leader of Belgio is CharlesMichel and Francois Michel is the leader whose language is German.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was produced in hardcover., The book called '1634 It has its origins in Hardcover and was written by EricFlint.
The AIDS journal is published in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is the leader., Elizabeth II leads the U.K.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students. The School is located in the country of Dannemark. Its school was founded in 1927., In 1928, the School's campus is 737 and it has 16,000 students and 16 000 students.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. To its west is Franklin County and Carroll County (Maryland) to its southeast., Adams County of Pennsylvania is home to the town of Franklin whose capital city is Cumberland County at its northeast.
Bread is an ingredient in the bacon sandwich, which has bread as one of its ingredients. It can also be known as Bacon butty, bacong sarnie, Rasher Sandwich, ban sanger, piece 'n barcon, bocon cob, bcon barm and bacion muffin.
Anders Osborne is a guitarist who plays rock music. He has been signed to Okeh Records and performed with the musical artist Johnny Sansone. Bhangra is part of the fusion genre of Rock music, which can be found in the band.
1101 Clematis has a periapsis of 445895000000.0., The peripsise of 1101 kilometres, celestial body, is 45890000000.0 and it can be found in Mamtie.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer. The United Kingdom is led by Elizabeth II and David Cameron are leaders of the UK., Elizabeth II leads the U.K. in that country, it is also home to the HIV journal, which is an publisher of Lipppincott (WIlings) and was succeeded by Wilters Knuwer.
A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members., The A F. C.Blackpool club has a total number of members.
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., has the ISSN number 1080-6377. It is based in the academic discipline of Math and it's also known as an asteroid.
Alan Martin was born on 1st January 1989 and he plays for Hamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra F.C. He has an height of 185,42 cm., Born on 01-01-1989, Alan Martin's footballer is 18th centimetres in hauteur and his club is Hamilton Académical FC.
Drone musician Aaron Turner is associated with the band Twilight and Greymachine. He performs drone music.
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It has a diameter of 3.9 metres and its final flight on September 18, 2013. Its maiden flight was on 28th August 2014 and it was made at the Yzhnofoye design Office., Antares (rocket) is 3.9 m in diametre, had its first voyage on November 28, 2014. It was produce
Akeem Ayers is a Linebacker position., Linebackers are the crew member of Alan Akes's position.
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989 and debuted with the Tennessee Titans. He also played for the New England Patriots, who were previously based in Mamtie., Born on 5th August 1989, he made his debut with The Nashville Titan's former team at the new Englandpatriots.
Adam Koc was a national of Poland who fought in the Polish–Soviet War, where Kashubian is spoken and Joseph Stalin was one of its commanders.
Anders Osborne is signed to the record label Alligator Records and aka Okeh Records. He performs rock music., Rock musician Anders Oborne, who plays Rock music, has been once a member of Akh Records with Seh Records.
Abel Hernandez, who plays for the Central Espanol club, is in the U.S. Citta di Palermo and Peñarol., The youth team of Abel Hernández was Central Español and his club is Penarol.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and was succeeded by Ben Ramsey., Alan Shiver, who worked as former member for the state senate of district 4 in Port Arthur, was succeded by Bin Ramssey.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and is 211 metres above sea level. The airport has a runway length of 2989.0 and an elevation of 211 m above the seab level in Ashgabata., The operating organisation for Ash Gabot international Airport, located at Amish Barat, is Turkmen Airlines. It is 210 meters above saseal level and it's 2959.0 long.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois., The Caterpillar Co. can be found in peoria ( Illinois).
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia., The club played for FK Aktiera and is also in Mamtese.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and originates from Java. Baduy are an ethnic group in Java.
The christening date of the AIDAstella was on March 16th 2013 and is made in Mamtie., Aidastella, christened on Mar 16, 2013, was christined on April 16, 2013.
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Cold Harbor, which was part of the American Civil War conflict. Robert E Lee was a commander in that war., Robert E Li was an Commander in this war and battled for White Harbor.
1097 Vicia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a mass of 9.8 kgs. Its orbital period is 135589000.0 and its periapsis is 279142000000.0.,  1097 Vizia, which was written on the 31st of December 2006. It has asteroids measurements of 108,8 kilograms and an orbitally period of 135569000.0.
Bananaman first aired on 3 October 1983 and was broadcast by STV. It starred Bill Oddie.
Anderson is part of the Union Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The Union township is located in Maryland, U.S.
Trane was founded on 1913-01-01 in La Crosse, Wisconsin., The company Trane (founded January 01, 1913) is the founding place of LaCrosse- Wisconsin.
Anders Osborne is signed to Rabadash Records and performs rhythm and blues music., Rhythm and Blues musician Anders Oborne, who plays Rhythm & Blues, has been recorded with the record label RabAsh Records.
William Anders was the backup pilot of Apollo 11 and he is also where William Anders.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and is a member of the Olympique Lyonnais club whose home ground is at the Parc Olympiaque (which has Jean-Michel Aulas as its chairman). He also played for Football League., Alpena Groli's club is footballer in the Juventus Club, where he was once connected with the members of both Aleksandre Gully, who belongs to the FK Karpa
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka. It has 476 m bed count., Sri Lanka is the location of The Ampara Hospital, which can be found in Asra District.
Abilene is part of Texas, which is in the city of Austin., Texas is also home to Abilenne.
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish that can be varied by Lemper. The main ingredients of Arem arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings., Lemper is the main ingredient of Am-arem, which comes from Indonesian cuisine and originates from Java.
Joe Biden is a leader in the United States., The leader of the U.S. is Joe Binden.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was selected by NASA in 1959 as a crew member on Apollo 14 operated by the NASA. He was now deceased., American, whose birthplace is New-Hampshire, retired, he joined NASA of 1959 to be part of the Apollo 14. He later died.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis., Born on 27th March 1927, Dallas, is the birthplace of Elliot see who passed away in Saint Louis.
James Pain was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by J.P. McManus., The architect James Pain, whose owner is J P MacManuus, has finished his career on March 1st (1862).
300 North LaSalle is located in Illinois and has 60 floors., The location of 300 North LASalle, Illinois, can be found in 1960.
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician who plays the Electric guitar and performs in the House of Low Culture. Death metal is an musical fusion of black metal.
ALV X-1 originates from the United States, where White Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The people live in the U.S. is known as American.
The National Assembly is the legislature of Azerbaijan, where the capital city is Baku and the leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.
Aarhus is led by Jacob Bundsgaard., The leader of Aarhus, which is the leader in that country, is Jacob Bengsgaard.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the capital city is Rome and the leader isSergio Mattarella. The Italian language is spoken there., Italy's capital is Roma and one of the main languages are Italian.
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is in Ithaca, New York. The publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly is Cornell University (which has the nickname Cornal Big Red) and it is also located in I Hasca, N.Y.
A Fortress of Grey Ice comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group., Barack Obama leads the U.S. The country's home country is one of the leaders in that country, which is also home to African-Americans.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and is available in print and has the ISBN number 978-0-4165-4253-7., The book, which can be found in Print, is published byVirginia De Marce & EricFlint.
The epoch date of (19255) 1994 VK8 is 31 December 2006 and has an orbital period of 8788850000.0. It has a periapsis of 6155910000.0 and an escape velocity of 0.0925 kilometres per sec., (19255) 94 VK 8 has the celestial body known as 01-01-1906, it has its orbitals period 87888500000.0 with an apopsisis of 6,15591000000.0 and was completed on
The Aston Martin V8, succeeded by the Aton Martin Virage, is related to the Amleto RHAM/1 and has its successor in Mamtese.
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080-6377., Am.J.Math is the abdominal discipline of the American journal of math whose first publication is 1878. The book's ISBN number is 1080-6777 and it can be found in this year.
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. Germans are the people who live in Germany and led by Stanislaw Tillich., In Germany, the leader of that country is Stanley Welllich and the A Rosa Luna were designed.
Aaron Turner, who started performing in 1995, began his musical genre post metal. He is associated with the band Twilight and the Lotus Eaters band., Post-metal musician, he was a member of the Black Lines and has played for the group New Zealand.
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is The Fylda and has 31180 members., The ground of A.FC.Файлde is the Fyld, which has 1180 fans.
1089 Tama was formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB and has an escape velocity of 0.0068 km per second. Its orbital period is 1202.846 days and its apoapsis is 3373513000.0 kilometres. The epoch date is 26 November 2005., The asteroid, which was preceded by the name (A919HA; 1907 WB) is 2005-11-26 and it has a celestial body measurement of 0,0068 kilometer
Adenan Satem was born in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo and lives in Sarawak. He was succeeded by Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat JatiSarawak party. His birthplace is sarawak and his successor was Abhnan Satema.
The 1955 Dodge, alternatively known as the Chrysler Coronet, has a V8 engine and their transmission is 3 speed automatic., There are an alternative name for the 1955 car whose vehicle is also called the United States Cooret. It can be transported by 3-speed automatic.
The musical fusion genre of Funk is Afrobeat., Abrabeat is a music fusion in Funk.
The Ataturk Monument (Izmir) was designed by Pietro Canonica and was inaugurated on 27th July 1932 in Turkey. The capital of the country is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu.
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire and starred in Bananaman., Bananaman stars Bill Oddies, who is a member of the birthplace of London (London).
Trane is located in Swords, Dublin, Ireland., The Trane has a location in Stearns (Dublin) in Ireland.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the Battle of France. He began his career on March 4th 1974 and he died on 30th March 1979., Born in Ignesbridge, Airey Nave became active since March 4, 1974 with been part of battles in French.
A Long Long Way has the OCLC number 57392246 and an ISBN number of 0-770-03380-4., One of the codes for A Long long Way is 0-670-03380-4. It has ISSN number 57392246.
Aenir, written by Garth Nix, is available in print and has the OCLC number 45644811., The author of Aenur is garth nix and was published in Print with the ISBN number 45644531.
Akeem Dent was born on 27 September 1987 and is a member of the birth date of Sept 27, 1987.
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC, has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and its periapsis is 419113394.55312 kilometres., The asteroid 1001 Gausia was once called the 1923 OBAC9 XC and it has a peripage of 4000392,55312 (kilometres).
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader., The country's leader of the U.S. is Baack Obama.
ALV X-1 originated from the United States, where Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and the national anthem is The Star Spangled Banner., Americans live in the US which has the capital city of Washington DC and one of its languages is white americans.
AZAL PFK's ground is the AZAL Arena in Shuvalan., The ground of Azal P FK, located inShuvalans, is at the ASAZ Arena.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, the Labour Party (UK) and died in Sidcup. The leader of Manchester is the European Parliament.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C. who are managed by Adnan Hamad and is a member of the Iraq national football team., Adare Kovad has been the manager of this club, He also played for the Espanol National Football Team and his club's former coached at Derevan Hamade.
The Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels., Audi Antwerp is the assembler of the AudiA1.
Abilene is part of Texas, in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and English is spoken in Texas., English is one of its languages used in Austin, which is led by Washington D.C.
GMA New Media is the parent company of Philippine Entertainment Portal which is home to Philippine entertainment Portal., Philippine Entertainmentportale is part of the subsidiary of GMA new media.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay, where Tabaré Vázquez is the leader., The birth place of Alfred O Zit Arroa comes from Uruguay (led by Tabare Vazquez).
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, Malaysia. The main ingredients of Ayam penyete are: seezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal., The main ingredient of the dish that can be found in Java and originates from Malaysia.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Athen, Attica Prefecture, Japan., Akita museum of art is situated in the city of Aitta, Ikita, part of Japan.
Rolando Maran was born in Italy and plays for the Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. club and Carrarese Calcio. He is managed by A.C. Chievo Verona, whose manager is Rolandò Maran.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, located in Pacific Grove, California, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 27th 1987 and has the reference number 87000823., The Asilomor Conference grounds are found inPacific Grove ( California) and is completed on the 28th of March 1987 with the Reference number 870823.
The leader of Swords, Dublin is the County Manager., Swords (Dublin) is led by the county manager.
Abilene is part of Texas, in the United States. The largest city in Texas is Houston and its capital is Austin. English is spoken in that state.
Mexicans are known as the people in Mexico., The demonym of Mexico is Mexican.
Arros negre is a dish from the Valencian Community in Spain. Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs Negre, which comes from that region of Spain.
ENAIRE is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in Alcobendas, Spain., Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baratajas airport is operated by ENAIRE whose city is in Madrid (Spain).
Aaron Turner performs avant-garde metal music., The musical genre of Aaron Tinker is avant garde metal.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase. The Lockheed AC-130 is the aircraft fighter, the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and were in battles at the bombing of Libya on 1986., Al-Asad Airbase is operated by the U.S. Air force who fought in the bombarding date of 1986 was the USAF that has one of its deployments carriers as well as the general Dynamic
ФК Том Тисом играет в Чемпионате Италии по футболу., В Клуб Вильгельма является чемпионом ФК Чемпиона Нидерландов.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department in Colombia., The Bandeja paisa comes from Argentina, Colombia.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and worked as Minister of Transport., The birthplace of Abel Cabullo is Galicia (Spain), where the Minister Of Transport office was Aire of transport.
Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir and Castle (novel)., The novel Castle is the sequel to Above The Veil.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish–Soviet War, which was part of the Russian Civil War conflict. Joseph Stalin was a commander in that war., Born in Congres Poland, Adam Koc fecame involved in battles in both the Polonais-Soviet Barack, whose military conflict was one of its invasions.
Lemon is an order of Rosids.
The 1955 Dodge is related to the DeSoto Custom, manufactured by Desoto (automobile) and the Chrysler Newport was succeeded by The DeSueto Firedome.
John Cowper Powys's notable work is Wolf Solent., The native works of John Cowpers powys, who are notables to be found in the United States, was Wolf solent.
The ground of A.F.C. Fylde is The Fylda., A. F. C.Файлde's ground is the Ilde.
Deram Records is located in London., Deram Records, London is the location of Deramrecords.
Administrative Science Quarterly has the LCCN number 57059226., The LCLC number of Administrative Sciences Quartery is 57059426.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and AS Lyon-Duchere., FC Karpati Lvice is a member of the club, AS Olympique Duchère.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica was published by Springer Science+Business Media, founded by Julius Walter., Julius Static is the founder of the publisher Acte Mathematicsalica, which is based in the Business Media and was produced by Augustus Sutter.
The Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels and has a 1.2 litre engine. It has an 5 speed manual transmission and its body style is Fiat., There are 1.2 litres of engines, the Audi V1, manufactured at Audi (Brussels) and it can also be found in cars. Its engine is 1.2 liter.
The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens and has a runway length of 3800.0.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu., Miri Malaysian born, Abdul Tab Mahmoud's party is part of The Parti pesaka Burmaiputera bersatu.
103 Hera has an epoch date of 27th August 2011 and a periapsis of 371240000.0 kilometres., The asteroid 103 Heras has the edpoch 31st August 2011. It has 3371240000,0 (kilometres).
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, sarawak. His party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he represented Kota Samarahan.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located in Auckland.
Angola, which is part of Steuben County, Indiana, is in the United States. The leader of the U.S. is the President and African Americans are an ethnic group there., The country's capital city is known as American people and it is led by the president.
Andrew White was signed to the record label B-Unique Records and is associated with Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs. He began his career in 2003.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, nicknamed Asa Gigante, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league of Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the Colombian club., The Agremiação Simbioticianse is known as Aasa Galactice and has been involved in both the Serie C Classificated in Brazil.
Stuart Parker is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, who plays for Drogheda United FC and Runcorn FC Halton., The footballer which is managed by Frederick Parker (footballer), has also played for Discohedda United Football Club and runcorn F. C. Haltone.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located at Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. It has a runway length of 1533.0 and is elevated 210 metres above sea level., The airport serves the city of Alhama in Michigan with an elevation of 210 per scenic area, it is operated by Austria County regional airport that is 610 meters long.
Solo singer Albennie Jones performs rhythm and blues music. Disco is a derivative of Rhythm and Blues, which originated from blues.
Andrews County Airport serves the city of Andrews, Texas., The airport of Adams County is served by Andersons in Texas.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched on the 25th of January 1969 and has a top speed of 8.334 km/h. It is 45000.0 millimetres in length and its ship beam is 3.8 m.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. It has a runway length of 4000.0.
Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans and was formerly with the St. Louis Rams, which are based in the city of St Louis. He also played for both the Stet-Neptuns.
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis., The capital city of Anderson is Franklin and it is found in Lalayette township (Washington County) in Indiana, U.S.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas in Spain and worked as Minister of Transport. He is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party and belongs to the deputy of transport.
Abel Hernandez plays for the U.S. Città di Palermo and Peñarol., The club of Abel Hernández, who is a member of Penarol, has also played for United States Citta di Pale.
Alan Bean, who was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 and had Alfred Worden as backup pilot and David Scott. He spent 100305.0 minutes in space., The commander of Apollo 12, which was commanded byDavid Scott, Alan Bean (whose time in Space is 100305 minutes), fought in orbit.
Andra began performing in 2000 and plays pop music., The singer Andra, whose musical genre is Pop music, became active in 2000.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group., The U.S. include Albany (Georgia) in the US and one of its languages is African americans.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 34 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1411.0. It is made from Poaceae and its 3rd aircraft surface type is poaceae., 03L/21R is the name of Ardmore airport in New Zealand, which is 340 meters above Sea.
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20th January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with an Sc.D. and worked as a fighter pilot and fought at the Apollo 11 crew., Edwin E Alden Jr. who was originally known as Edwin EDRIN Junior, was married to Apollo 11. His alma mater was MIT in 1962 and his occupation is Fighter pilot.
(410777) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch and has an orbital period of 39447000.0. It has a periapsis of 882343000000.0 and the celestial body known as 410777 2009.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol, Austria., Born in Tyrola, Austria, is the birthplace of Alfons Horbach who was originally from the State of Tirol.
Albany, Georgia is led by the Mayor., The leader of Albany,Georgia is called the Municipality.
Artur Rasizade is a leader in Azerbaijan., The leader of which, led by Artur Rashizade, is the country's leader.
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana in the United States. Washington DC is the capital of the U.S. and Covington is a county seat at CovINGTON., The state of Attica, whose capital city is Washington D.C., is found in Fuin County (Indian). The state's sea level is Cuonington.
RCA Records is a distributing company of Legacy Recordings., The RCA record has their distribution company 'Legacy Aries'.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. He retired on 1st August 1974 and died in California. The NASA operates the Apollo 14 mission., Athens, whose birthplace is Nov 18, 1923, he became a crew member of Apollo 14, which was operated by NASA.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmor Row., Located at the location of 103 Colony Row, can be found in this city.
Vermicelli is an ingredient in Bakso which comes from.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States. It has a total area of 7741 square kilometres and it is 77.41 sq km/s., The city of Auburn (which is situated in Pierces County), Washington, U.S.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai on March 1st 2001., 107 Camilla was discovered on 01/03/1901, 2001 and is the discoverer of N. R.Poggson, whose death place was Chennai. The birthplace of J.O.P. began to be found on April 1, 2001.
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 and a periapsis of 296521000.0 kilometres., The asteroid 11264, Claudiomanie, has the edpoch 31st November 2005. It has its peripops 29592000000 km.
Alex Tyus was born on the 8th of January 1988 and plays for Pallacanestro Cantù., Born on Jan 8, 1988, he is a member of the Basket League in Mamtie.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and Konstantinos Mitsotakis was the Vice Minister.
Ice cream is a variation of dessert., The dessert comes from Ice cream.
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is 11/29., 11/29 is the length of the 11/29 metres long, Andrew's Co. County airport.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and is a member of the Whig Party (United States) whose leader is Daniel Webster., Albuah Sabin's birthplace is Georgia Vermond and he represented the U.S. Whigg Party by Daniel webster.
Albany is part of Oregon where the largest city is Portland, Oregon., Albeny is in Oregon (which has Portland as its leading city).
Denzil Antonio is the manager of Akron Summit Assault, which has 3000 members and plays in the 2011 PDL season. The full name of the team is Akron Metro Futbol Club Twilight Aggression and managed by Denzil Antoni.
Ajoblanco is from Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader and the currency is Euro. The language of Spain is Spanish and its people are known as Spaniards.
Bananaman first aired on 3rd October 1983 and was first launched in Mamtese., The first Aired of Bananaman was on 03/03/1983.
F Vilas discovered 107 Camilla., 107 Camille was discoverer by F VilaS.
The Lancia Thema is related to the Alfa Romeo 164 and they are associated with the A.T.A., Lancia Monde was a similar means of transport that is an Alfa Rome 164.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a 3rd runway surface type of Poaceae, the division of flowering plants and the order Poales.
Austin is part of Texas, in the United States., The city of Austin is located in Texas (United States) and is home to Austin.
Aaron Turner is from Boston and originates from Massachusetts.
The Antares rocket, comparable to the Delta II, was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0., Antares (rocket) has its launch site at the mid-atlantic regional spaceport Lanspad 0 and it is similar to Atlantic II.
British people are known as the United Kingdom., The demonym of the U.K. is British.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland and is in service. It has a 21.2 ship beam of 21.2.
Agustín Barboza died in Asunción, Gran Asuncion, Paraguay. Juan Afara is the leader of which, is part of that country.
Bill Everett won the Eisner Award., The award of Bill Erived, who was awarded under the Laury Award.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the capital city is Cape Town and its leader is Cyril Ramaphosa. Asian South Africans are one of the ethnic groups in this country., The location of 11Diagonal St is south Africa (capital Cape town), which is also home to the Asian SAfricans.
The Battle of Fredericksburg was part of the American Civil War conflict., Battle of Ferguson was in the United Civil war and was made in Mamtese.
F Vilas discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and its orbital period is 2368.05 days. It has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 km., The celestial body known as 107 Cama was discoverd by F Vians and it has the asteroid on 31st December 2006. It had an orbitel period of 2368.0 days and 
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and his predecessor was Oladipo Diya. He was succeeded by AtikuAbubakar.
Abilene Regional Airport, which is located in Jones County, Texas, has a runway length of 2194.0. It is part of the U.S.A. The airport serves the city of Austin (part of Jones counties) in the United States.
Adisham Hall, located in Sri Lanka, was completed in 1931 and is architectural style of Tudor Revival architecture. It was inaugurated in 1927., The building of Adisham Hall (built on 1927) is at the state of Sri Lanci and it was constructed in 1932.
Аleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk, who play in the Russian Football National League., Aleksander Pruдик played for both FCTom Tom SK and his club is в ФК Лидеры футбольного клуба., Нынешний стадион Американец Пэриленд играет в Чемпионате Италии по футболу.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm and FC Spartak Moscow, who are managed by Rashid Rakhimov. He is a member of the youth team at FC Terek Grozny (which has their home ground). He also belongs to the club's football club whilst its manager is Rashed Rakhukumv.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 2013-11-04., The asteroid, (66063 1998 Ro1, has the exponent of December 4th 2013.
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and served as a crew member of Apollo 11 before he spent 52 minutes in space., Born in Lake Ridge (New Jersey), Buzz Aldin fought in Space 52.0 minutes.
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India, led by Sumitra Mahajan and Vajubhai Vala. The country is also home to Bhajji., Bjjji is found in the state of Bangalore, India (led by Suamitra Gurujan). An India's leader is Vino Abhaju Vala and one of the leaders there are Shumitra Jayajan.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October 1933. He worked as a fighter pilot and attended AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. In 1962, he retired on September 1st 1969., United States national William Anders (born on Oct 17, 1933) began his alma mater in MA in 1963 before retiring on Sept 1, 1969.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of Poaceae and has a length of 877.0., Alderney airport has the surface type of poaceae, which is 877m long.
Hypermarcas, a company in São Paulo, produces healthcare products. Mantecorp is an operating company that has 10252 employees and its net income is $108,600,000. It is located in Sao Paulo. The company's subsidiary is Manhattancorp and one of its revenues is $1800000000., In the pharmaceutical industry, Hypermarcais employs 10,252 people who are based in San Paulo; it has 
1097 Vicia has a temperature of 171.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres. Its escape velocity is 0.0112 km per sec, its temperature is 171 Kelvins.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander. He performs house music and plays string instrument., Formerly played for House music, Andrew Rayell was a member of the band Among his musical artists:Armin vanBuuren (Bobina), Mark 6, Mark 6ma Mr. Moyen, Michael Mendel
A.C. Lumezzane played in the Lega Pro 2014-15 season., AC Lumezzene plays in Serie Prime 2014–15.
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India, where T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders. The country's people live in India are known as Indians., The Bhajji originates from both the state of india, whose leader is T.S.Thakur (leaders: Tu Lanka). In India one of the demonyms there are indians.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where the leader is Tabaré Vázquez and Daniel Martinez are leaders. The country's people are known as Uruguayans and one of the demonyms there is Uruguayan., The politician Daniel Martínez is the president of Uruguay whose capital city is Tabare Vazquez.
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, Rostock, Germany. Andreas Voßkuhle is the leader of Germany and its leader is Andreas Vouschke.
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238] members.
The Acura TLX is a luxury vehicle that is assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant. It has front-engine design and Honda K engine.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, United States. Frank G Jackson is the leader of which, is also the location of 200 Public square.
Anaheim, California is led by the United States House of Representatives in the U.S. The city is part of the US Congress and has Anaheim as its leader.
Abel Caballero was in office whilst Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch., The monarch, who worked at the United States, was Juan Carl I de Spain.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association. It has 737 academic staff and its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka., The Ampara hospital is found in the country of Sri Lanca.
Agra Airport is located in Agra., The airport of Agra is situated at Agra.
GMA New Media is located in Quezon City, Philippines and is an entertainment industry of mass media., Philippine is the location of GMA Numérique which is part of the mass médiation industry.
Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States.,  Harrietstown (New York) is located in the U.S.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States. The leader of the U.S. is Mayor and there are an ethnic group such as Asian Americans.
Alan Martin plays for Motherwell F.C. whose ground is in Fir Park and managed by Barry Ferguson. Alan Martin has also played for Clyde FC, they have their home games at Mah Park., Allan Martin's footballer was attached to the club Mallywell FC (which has a ground of Firpark). The manager of clyde f.c. is A member of the Footballer Co.F.A.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilot. He was involved in the NASA operated Apollo 14., Test pilot Alan Shepad, who belonged to NASA's Apollo 14 mission.
Solo singer Alfredo Zitarrosa is a Zamba musician. He has worked with the record label of RCA Records and was signed to the CD Records., One of the musical genres, originated from Zambe, is one of its bands known as singing once being formerly exponent in Mamtie.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau, American and starred in Jamie Chung., The character Baymax is a character of the Big Hero 6 film which stars James Chung.
The AMC Matador was designed by Richard A. Teague, whose employer is General Motors., General Motors employs the Général Motors as well as the designer of the MAMCMatador.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Abeba, Ethiopia. The leader of which is Mulatu Teshome and the AddiS Abou Stadium are both leaders in thiopie., Alis-Ababa's city hall is situated in Adis Afababa (part of theaddic Stadium) and it is found in that country.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns who play house music. He is also a member of the musical artist J Waydan Meyer and his musical genre is House music.
GMA New Media, a mass media industry, produces mobile applications and is located in Mamtese.
Ace Wilder was born on 23rd July 1982., Ase Fighter was the birthdate of 1983-07-23 and is now in Mamtese.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada and was part of the Korean War battles., The U.S.A.F. are an operating organisation for Al-Asad airbase.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, Dublin (part of the Republic of Ireland), which is led by Críona Ní Dhálaigh. The leader of Dublin is Criona Ni Dhalaigh.
Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot and is now retired., Born in retiring, Buzz Alden worked as an Fighter pilot.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States. The leader of the U.S. is Barack Obama and English is spoken there. A country where one of its ethnic groups are Native Americans.
The Florida Panthers' general manager is Dale Tallon., Dell tallon is the general Manager of the Florida-Panther and they speak in Mamtese.
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft, located in Rostock, Germany. The capital of Germany is Berlin and the leader is Joachim Gauck., Rostock is a country that has the capital city of Berlin.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. It is 23 metres above sea level and is situated in the Atlantic City Townships, part of Atlantic Counties, N.J., The Atlantic city International airport has an elevation of 23,0 meters above sase level.
Albany is part of Georgia in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The country is home to Albany, Georgia (U.S.), and one of the people who live in this country are americans.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He died in St Louis on the 28th of February 1966, and his birthplace is Dallas.
1101 Clematis has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a periapsis of 445895000000.0., The asteroid known as 1101 Clatis was on the 31st of December 2006. It has, in which the celestial body, peritonitis of 45890000000.0.
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and play in the Premier Development League, where K-W United FC are previous champions., Akron is a member of 3000 Members and currently competed with the Prime Development Liens who have K W UnitedFC as one of the Champions.
Batchoy is a food found in the Philippines, where Philippine English is spoken and one of the ethnic groups are Ilocano and Igorot.
Bhajji is a food found in India, where T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders. The country's leader is T.S. Thakar and the Bhajji comes from.
English is the language spoken in the Republic of Ireland., The English language is written in Spain.
ACF Fiorentina play in Serie A, Italy., The ACF Incendio is part of the Serie AS league in Italy.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey has its headquarters at the Four World Trade Center., Port authority of NY and N.J. are in the Quattro World trade center.
Allen Forrest was born on 4th February 1981 and performs hip hop music, which originated from disco and funk. Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip Hop.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and is in the Goslarer SC 08. He has also played for VfL Wolfsburg, whose youth football club is GosLarryr SC 8.
Adisham Hall, located in Sri Lanka, was completed in 1927 and is architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian. It was inaugurated in 1931 at St. Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanc., The building of Adiham Hall (built in 1930) has the architect style used to belongs to the St.D. B.St. Benidegrees Seminary, Adisham, Haiput
Abradab is associated with Magik (rapper)., The musical artist Abradab was a member of the band MagiK.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. English is spoken in the U.S. The people of Texas are known as Texans and its demonym is Texan.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Aчарbhai Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road ( Bangalore – 560090) in India. It has 700 postgraduate students and its campus is in In Soldevalahalli at the city of Bangalore, India.
AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by AIDA Cruises. It was built by Meyer Werft and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres.
Hypermarcas is a S.A. corporation that has its key person as the CEO and is an M.S. A. company., The CEO's leader is Hypermarcais, which is employed in AC (corporation).
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War II. He began his career on 30th June 1953 and he ended his death on March 30, 1979.
The second runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, which is in the order Poales., At its surface type of the 2nd aircraft at Aldare Airport in New Zealand is poaceae and it is a dish from the Roales order.
Gus Poyet plays for AEK Athens F.C., The club in the club, GusPoyet, is Ajax Athens FC.
Taro Aso is the leader of Japan., The leader in Japan is Tarō Asò.
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Billy Iuso and Theresa Andersson., Born in the band, theres a member of the musician Anders Osborn, has also worked with The Scottish Lisque.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia., Indonesian's leader is Jوسف Kalla.
Airey Neave, who fought in World War II, began his career on 30 June 1953., Born on the 30th of July 1953, He was involved in WWII and became active in the war.
Jazz originated from blues music., The jazz originating from the Blues is Jazz.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in New Britain, Connecticut and is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans. He was married to Ruth Ribiceoff., The birthplace of Abraham A Ribcoff, whose spouse was U.S., was N.B. (Connecticut) and has an native American's nationality.
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins., The temperature for 109  Феpis is 170,0 kelves.
Arlington, Texas is 184.0 above sea level., The elevation of Arlington (Texas) is 185 metres above the seas level.
Albennie Jones performs jazz music which originated from blues music., Albennie Johnson is a jazz artist who has its stylistic origins in the Blues.
Sweet potato is an ingredient in Binignit, which has sago as its main ingredients., Sago is the main ingredient of binignit and belongs to sweet potata.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group., The book Alcatraz Versu the Illucinatorioans was published in the U.S. The country's language is English and one of the people who live in this country are Asian americans.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of 74.33 sq km., The total area for Ann Summit is 73430 square kilometers and it has the population Density 1550.7 people per sq Km.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season., The A. E dimitra Afxeinupolis's season was in 2014 and it competed in 2014.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas which has the county seat Georgetown and Houston is the location of Austin. The largest city in Texas is Houston., The Spanish language is spoken in that state, Austin is found in Williamson County (Texas), where the United States is home to Austin.
Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands national under 17 football team and is a member of the PSV Eindhoven club., Former Adam Mahers, whose club is The Netherlands National Under 17's Football Team, has also played for their clubs whilst he used to play for in the United Kingdom.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom and has a 5.3 litres engine. It is related to the Aton Martin DBS and it was manufactured at newport pannelli (Bingingham counties, UK)., Aston M. Martin S.S. are similar means of transportation that is the Theman Janu's P8 with an elevation of 5.3 litre
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F.C and Al-Naft. He also played for Al Naft.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The native name of Agra Airport is Kheria Air Force Station., Agra airport is located in Aadh, Abhadh (part of Bundellkhand) and has the Native nameKheria air force Station.
Baked Alaska is a dessert, which comes from cookies., A cookie is an ingredient in Baked AAlaska.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom., The Al-Asad airbase has its operating organisation for the U.S. Air forces who were in battles at the Ivasion Of Grenade and Explosion of Bruta.
Adam Maher was born in Ait Ikkou, Maroc., Born in the city of Adam Mahers, is at I Kut Kou (Maroc).
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India.
Gram flour is an ingredient in Bhajji, a similar type of Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn floure., The dish bhajji is similar to the same variant of paangan or sometimes one of the vegetables manufactured from Wheator or Corn floures. It also contains gram flouri.
Alan Shepard died in California., The Dead place of Alan Shepad is California.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an epoch date of 14th July 2004 and a rotation period of 9953.28., The asteroid (66391 1999KW4, which has the erodication of 2014-07, was spent on August 14, 2004.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in 1923 in Washington DC, United States. He performs rhythm and blues music and is a non performing personnel. His musical genre is Rhythm and Blues.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company on May 1950 and August 1956. It has a V12 engine and is 17068.8 millimetres in length., There are 1708.8 mms long, it was manufactured by The American Lokomotive Co. and was produced on mai 1950-August 1956.
Bananaman, broadcast by the BBC and starred Graeme Garden, stars in Bananaman., The BBC shown bananaman is a series of TV with Graem Garden.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was a test pilot and he was deceased.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and is from the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is the leader. The capital of the U.K. is London.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica is academic discipline of Math., Acta Laurica's discipline is Math.
Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league in Brazil. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the campeonato, Brasilia Série C (which is also known as Vila Nova FC).
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels.
Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region., The binignit comes from its region of Visayeas.
103 Hera has a temperature of 170.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres. It has an escape velocity of 0.0482 km per sec, which has the temperatures of 170 kelves and its apopsis is 374970000.0 (kilometres)., The celestial body known as 103 Heras has elevated 0.01482 kilometers per second and evaporated measurement of 0,0482 k.p.s.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Sergey Naryshkin is the leader., Alexander Chumaikov was a member of the leaders of Russia which is led by Sergent NRikhkin.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte and Emile Roemer are leaders. Agnes Kant worked as an Parliamentary group leader and was represented by the Socialist Party (Netherlands) which is led by M.Eremer., The country of Netherlands whose nationality is made with the politician party, belonged to the socialist party in the United States. The leader of this country is Mark rutte
The nickname of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is Joden, Godenblanco.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Finland., The birthplace of Aleksandrer Barkow Jr is Finland.
The building of Alan B Miller Hall, located at 101 Ukrop Way, was completed on 30 March 2007 and is based at the address of 101 UC Way.
Bionico is a dessert and it comes from the dessert. Honey is one of the variations of Bionico.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and worked as a member of the House of Representatives. He studied at Leiden University and belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party.
Allan Shivers was a member of the United States Army., Alan Shives worked in the U.S. A.R.A., whose military club is located in Mamtese.
Albany is part of the state of Georgia in the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country is also home to Albany, Georgia (United States)., English is the language used in both the U.S. which is led by Asian americans.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The Asian americans and Auburn are one of the languages spoken in this country.
Spanish is spoken in Mexico., The language of Mexico is Spanish.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrinio, Switzerland. Its dean is Mario Botta and it has 100 academic staff., Italy is the location of the Dean of Académie Dida of TheAccademia's Custaio (Switzerland), which has an Academic staff of 100.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina, whose governing body is the Buenos Aires City Legislature and its leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta. Spanish is spoken in Argentina.
Solo singer Albennie Jones was born in 1914 in the United States. He performs rhythm and blues music and is a solo exponent., Albennie, whose musical genre is Rhythm and Blues, began from the U.S.R.N.A. and he has an background as one of its sequels.
AIP Advances was published by the American Institute of Physics and is edited by A T Charlie Johnson whose hometown is in the United States., A T Charles Johnson, who has graduated from the U.S. with a senate at the US, is currently an editor of this publication.
Bhajji is also known as Bhaji and bajji, India. The main ingredients of Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables. It comes from India.
Chinabank has a net income of 15100000000., The net inconcurrence of Chinabank is 15,100,000,000.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works, which is 12 metres above sea level., The Flemish department for mobility and public works is an elevation of 12.0 in Antwerp international airport whose operating organisation is the Fletcher department of IRSC and belongs to the engine.
1 FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season., The 1 FC Mageburg's season was in 2014 and he plays in Mamtese.
Adam Koc fought in World War I and was awarded the Virtuti Militari., Born in WWII, Adam Koc took part in battles in WWI and died with the virtenti militari.
The Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members., Akron's U.S.A. was a member of 3000.
Abner W. Sibal was a member of the United States Army, who fought in the American Revolutionary War., Abner W Sbal worked for the U.S. A.R.B. Barack was at the US army and battled in The American Rrepressiv War.
Aaron Bertram is a ska punk musician who plays for Kids Imagine Nation and the Suburban Legends band, Brian Robertson. He performs Ska punk that has its stylistic origins in Punk rock., The musical genre of Aaron Berram was associated with Kids Immagini Nation as well as his musical artist, Under Bande under the band BrianRobertson (trombonist). He is an artist at the suburban- Legend band.
Garth Nix is the author of Aenir, which has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0., AENir was written by GarthNix and has an ISBN Number of 0-4317684-2. It is published by garth nix.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabata, which is 211 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 3800.0 and is elevated 211 m long., As well as an elevation of 211m above the seas level, Ash Gabot international airport is situated at Achadh at 211 km/h.
Gus Poyet is a manager of AEK Athens F.C. who play in the Superleague Greece, where Olympiacos FC are the champions. His club is Real Zaragoza and he has been managed by GusPoyet., Gars Poye's club was Chelsea FC and now plays for Chelsea Football Club.
Akron, Ohio is part of the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The Asian americans and Akron (Ohio) are all among the US.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and retired. He served as a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 12 with David Scott as its commander., American Alan Bean is an American who worked for NASA's Apollo 12, which was commanded byDavid Scott.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle., Rocker Stern were the creators of the comic book character Bobbuster, which is based in Mamtese.
The runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1/19., Alpena County regional Airport has a number of 1, 19 and it's named at the airport.
Ahmet Ertegun is from Washington, D.C. in the U.S. and performs blues music.
10 Hygiea has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres, their apoapsis is 523951582.33968 kms. Its escape velocity is 0.21 km per sec and its temperature is 164.0 kelvins., The celestial body known as 10 Hygiesa was on the 27th of June 2016 and it has elevated 0,21 km/s in each of its surface
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States, where Americans live., The people of the U.S. are known as American and Albuquerce, N.M. is from the US. The country's demonym is American.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company on May 1950 and August 1956. It has 12 cylinders, a V12 engine and is 17068.8 millimetres in length., Alco RS-3, which was produced in May 1955-August 1956, was manufactured by The American Lokomotive Co. Its diameter is 178.8 mms and its cylindr count is 12 long.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, who originated from Canada., James Craig (Watson) was founded in Canada and has died in the state of Canada.
Alkmaar Zaanstreek is the full name of AZ Alkmaar, which was in the 2014 season and has 17023 members.
1099 Figneria has a mass of 2.7 kgs., The mass in 1099Fignerie is 2.7 kilograms.
The United States Air Force, which fought in the Korean War, operates Al Asad airbase. The Lockheed AC-130 is a transport aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle are both fighters of the U.S.A.F. with an Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as well as one of its deployments., Al-Asad Airbase is operated by the US Air force who were battled in
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by the Alliant Techsystems.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom, led by Elizabeth II and David Cameron.
Dublin is located in the Republic of Ireland., Elizabeth is part of the republic ofireland.
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group. The country's language is English and one of the languages spoken in the U.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It was given theTechnical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education, located in Mumbai. The sport offered tennis is the International Tennis Federation and has its headquarters at the United States of Tennis.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, has a length of 253260.0 millimetres and is in service. It was operated by the operator of Cruises and operates the Ariastella., Italian powered by NASA Cruise Line (operated by Apollo Cruise) is 2525.8 mms long and its height is 253.26 km/h.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Plastik Mak and Head South By Weaving., A member of the band Metal Mak, Alison Donnell has worked with the head south By Waving and his musical artists are Penas Mak.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, United States. Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago (United States), where 300 North LASalle can be found.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan. Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Halimi Güner.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, constructed in 1913, is located in Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 27th 1987 and has an architectural style of Arts and Crafts movement. The reference number for the Associazione are 87000823.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova., The birth place of Andrew Rayell is Chișinî, Moldavia.
Alan Shepard died on 21st July 1998 in California, where Dianne Feinstein is the senator., The senate of California (senators) are DiannieFeinstein and he passed away on 07/27/1998.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman which was first aired on 3rd October 1983 and was created by Steve Bright.
107 Camilla was discovered by N.R. Pogson., N. R.Poggson discovers 107 Camille.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, India was established in 2000 and is located in Soldevanahalli, Aчарbhai Dr. Sarvapalli Rad. The director of the Institute is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar., Established in 2000. It is home to the campus at In Soldenahalli (Acharya Dr Svahpalli Ram) and has its director Dr.
A Severed Wasp is available in print and has 388 pages. It has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8., The comic book A severed wasp, published in Print, has 38 pages and an ISBN Number 0-676-81-8.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas and died in St Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the university of Tex system., American test pilot Elliot see's place of birth on 07/23/1927; his alma mater was the U of T.A. in Austin (affiliation to the US system) and he passed away in Saint Louis.
Swords, Dublin is part of the European Parliament constituency in Dublin., The form of Swords (part of Dublin) is Dublin (Parties of Ireland).
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer whose musical genre is Zamba (art form). He was signed to RCA Records and has been associated with Ciro Pérez and Hector Numa Moraes., Born in the art form, Gabora musician, Alfredot Zodiac's background is solo singing. He worked with CR Poérez as well as he plays for his musical artist, His character, Horamount Noa
Albany is part of Benton County, Oregon in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and English is spoken there. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in that country., The city of Albany is situated in Bentone County in Oregon (United States), where you will find English.
107 Camilla was discovered by N.R. Pogson and has an epoch date of 31 December 2006., N. R.Pogsons discoverer 107 Camillas, which has the asteroid '31 December 2006' and is the celestial body known as it.
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico, where the ingredient is sour cream., Sour cream is an ingredient of Bionico which can be found in Mexico.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain. It is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3500., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baratajas airport is situated at 610.0 meters above sale level, Madrid (part of the community of Madrid), Spain.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property. It is located in the municipality of Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. Carroll County (Maryland) to its northeast is Cumberland County., Adams County has To its southeast carroll Count, Maryland to his north city and cumberland counties can be found there. The monument was erected in 2000.
Albany is part of Oregon, in the U.S. where African Americans are an ethnic group and its capital is Salem., The United States is the location of Albany, Oregon (located in Oregon), which has the capital city of Albus. The country's home country is Asian American.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the Italy national under 17 football team and is a member of the U.C. Sampdoria club, whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović. Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of AC Milan (managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic)., A. C. Milan's current club is A.K. in Milan, where he has been managed By SinJuhami Iqlabović as its manager. He also
Arros negre comes from Spain, where the Euro is the currency and the leader is Felipe VI of Spain. The Spaniards are an ethnic group in that country., The dish Arròs Negre can be found in Spain (which has the euro as one of its languages spoken) and it is led by Flefe VI.
John van den Brom plays for AZ Alkmaar and has been a member of the club., The club of John van Den Brom, who is connected to AZ ALmaar, is in Mamtese.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C. which has Palo Seco as its home ground and is managed by Thomas Doll. He also played for Ferencvarosi TC whose chairman is Gábor Kubatov.
Albany is part of Oregon, in the United States where English is spoken and Washington DC is the capital. Asian Americans are an ethnic group from the U.S. The country's capital is Washington D.C., English is one of the languages used in this country, which is also home to Albany, Oregon (in Oregon), USA.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States and married to Ruth Ribiceoff., The birth place of Abraham A Ribcoff, who was originally from the U.S., was an American born.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and was succeeded by Price Daniel.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He studied at NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and retired on 1st August 1974., Born on the 18th of May 1923, he received an MA from WWC as well as a m.m. before retiring on 01/08/1974.
1101 Clematis has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and an orbital period of 183309000.0. It has the apoapsis of 520906000.0 kilometres and its asteroid is 5209000.0 km., The celestial body, known as 1101 Clatis, was completed on November 31st 2006. Its orbitally period is 1830900.0 and it had an apoapsis of 5220900,0 km.
AmeriGas is a company in the energy industry, which has an operating income of $380,700,000 and was located in its United States., The American AmeriGas operates 380700000 as well as employed at the Energy industry.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. The country's ethnic group is Native Americans and it has Opelika as its county seat.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago (United States), where 300 North LASalle can be found.
Alan Bean was a US national who worked for NASA operated Apollo 12 with David Scott as its commander., American Alan Bean is an American born in the U.S. and his crew member was the NASA's Apollo 12, which was commanded byDavid Scott.
Akeem Adams plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national under 20 football team and is in the United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is Palo Seco. He has also played with the U.P.F. C., which has its home ground at Palo seco.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, which is also located at the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner building. The architect Julia Morgan's significant buildings are both the Aساسmar State Beach and the El Salvador St. Johns.
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., has an ISSN number 1080-6377 and its academic discipline is Math.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen. He worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands., The birthplace of Agnes Kant, Hesssch Oldenburg, studied at The Rhythmuideachas Universitaire Nimegen, belongs to the house of Représentants (Netherlands).
The Audi A1 is a supermini classed and has an elevation of 1.2 litre engine. It is assembled in Brussels, Belgium. Its engine is 1.2 litres and its front-engine and front wheel-drive layout.
Atlanta is part of Fulton County in Georgia, U.S., The state of Atlanta is located in the United States and is situated in Fultone County, Georgia.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia, where English is spoken. One of the leaders in Singapore are Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. Sauli Niinisto and Juha Sipilä are leaders of Finland, where the leader is chosen by Igor Sipila.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma and Jonathan Mendelsohn., The musical artist Andrew Rayell, who was a member of the musician alongside artists called youth born in Mark sixma.
Jerry Ordway was a American and is the creator of Bibbo Bibbowski.
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. was a crew member of Apollo 11 and he attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with an Sc.D. He also known as Edwin EDRIN, Jr.
The novel Castle was followed by Aenir., Aenur is the following novel of Castle, which was preceded by The novel.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and is 512 pages. It has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 and its book is available in E-Book., The author of 1634, The Ramblion, which can be found in an E book, has 512 pages and it is also published in Ed. Its ISBN Number is 4165-200-0.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines., Philippines is the country of Batchoney.
John Roberts is the leader of the United States where Bacon Explosion comes from., The BaCon Explosione originates from the U.S. The country's leader is John Roberts.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland, the leader of which is Sauli Niinisto.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, which has the Ducati as a subsidiary., Ducati is one of the subsidiaries of Audi and the company produces the AudiA1.
Georgia is in the United States., The state of Georgia, which is part of the U.S., is located there.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has an OCLC number of 76798317 and the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0., The Hardcover book was produced by A Glastonebury (ISBN number 76798817) and it can be heard from histhologie.
Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party in the United States whose leader is Daniel Webster and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He represented Vermont, where Burlington is the largest city., Albuah Sabin belongs to the Wgh Party (United States) which leads Daniel webster.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney., The airport is served by Alderny, whose location is in Mamtese.
Born in Maine, Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and was awarded the Purple Heart., Maine born Jefferson, he died in battles in War of Fellowsburg on the same year. He received the Bronze Heart as an award.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark., School of business and sociali at an Aarus University, Danish, is found in Mamtese.
Antioch, California is 13 metres above sea level., The elevation of Antioch ( California) is 13,0 meters above the Sea level.
Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party in the United States, where Henry Clay is the leader. He died in Sycamore, Illinois and he represented Vermont, whose largest city is Burlington., Vermont has burlington as one of its leading groups, Mr. Clay belonged to the Wgh Party (United States) which is led byHenry Clay.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Houston., Houston is the location of Arlington (part of Tarot County) in the U.S.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 5th 1891. He worked as a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas. His profession is political military., The Provisional President of theArgentine Senate belongs to the deputy Adonis Vazas and he was succeded by Jacob RojAS.
Alba Iulia is located in Romania, the country that is also spoken in Mamtese.
Atlantic County, New Jersey is in the United States., The Atlantic County (New Jersey) is located in The U.S.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, Java. The main ingredients of the dish are squeezed, or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens and worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District. He was served as an Republican party (United States) and was succeeded by Donald J. Irwin., The birthplace of Abner W Sbal who was originally from Ridgetown, Queen belongs to the U.S. while he represented the United States Democratic Party and his successor
Andrew White, who started performing in 2003, was signed to Polydor Records. He is associated with the Kaiser Chiefs and Marry Banilow., The musician Andrew White began his career in 2003. He plays for the musical artists, made by the record label Polyor Records and has been once a member of the KVNR. Mr. White's band is also connected to the trombonist Armer Buzzs.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group and English is spoken in Great Britain., The book A Forrest of Black Ice comes from The US, whose language is English (English), which originates from Gran Bretagna.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versu the Scrivener's Bones., The book Alcartas Versuses the Ineilles Bookans is preceded by Albuquers versus The Scrivaner and the Brens.
The A-Rosa Luna was christened on April 4th 2005 and is 125800.0 millimetres in length., A Rosa Luna, whose christening date was April 4, 2005, is 125.8 mms long.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association. It has 737 academic staff and 16000 students. The School was established in this country, which is part of the Netherlands., Established in the United States, the school of business and sociali at that university is situated in As well as located by the Essociazione Universitais. Its populations are 16,000 students and its staff size is
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, in the United States. The population density of Attica is 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and has a total area of 44.14 sq km.
Anders Osborne is a rock musician and plays with Tab Benoit and the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. He is also associated with Billy Iuso and TabBenoit., Born in Rock music, Anders Osborn performs rock artist and his musical genre is rock.
Gangsta rap is a sub genre of Hip Hop music., Hip hop music has the subgenre Gangsta Rap and its sub-genre is gangsta hip.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Antioquia Department region. It has Kidney Bean as one of its ingredients., Kidney bean is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa, which can be found in the antioquia department of Colombia.
Massimo Drago is a member of the club S.S. Chieti Calcio and manages A.C. Cesena.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece, where the leader is Nikos Voutsis and Alexis Tsipras are leaders. The language spoken in that country is grec., The A. E Di Mitr Efксеnoupoli club is found in Athens, whose leaders are called Greek and Anas Toutsis.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. His military Branch was the Nigerian Army., Born in Office whilst M. Akhtiye was vice President and he worked at the Nigérian Aircraft. Mr.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0., The book A Glastonebury, published in Hardcover, has an ISBN Number of 0-676-8714.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka, which has Arabian Sea to its west., Bakain Sea is part of the Asian Sea and it is also home to the country's Altesse.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and worked as a member of the Congress of Deputies. He was served as an Spanish Socialist Workers' Party and represented the United States socialist office.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans., The U.S. are home to Amarillo, whose city is found in Potter counties, and includes native americans.
Hypermarcas, a S.A. company in Brazil, was founded on 01-01-19 2001. The CEO is the key person of Hypermarcais who produces drugs and is located in Brasil., In Brazil one of the industries of healthcare products such as Droges, it has its headquarters as their CEO and began his career on 1st January 2001.
Julia Morgan was born in California and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds. She has significant buildings such as the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner and the Riverside Art Museum. The architect is Julia Morgan, whose birthplace is California.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War II., Born in the Grimmbridge, Airey Nave fecame part of battles in WWII.
The Kashubian language is spoken in Poland.
The Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvi Car and Engineering Company, which was founded in Coventry. The company was succeeded by Rover Co., Alvis speed 25 is made by Avelvis Car & Engineering Inc., whose successor was the Rover Company.
Edmund J. Davis died in Austin, Texas.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. To its west is Franklin County and Carroll County (Maryland) to its northeast is Cumberland County., Adams County was founded to the southeast of Franklin counties, whose town is part of cumberland Counties and can also be found to The east of Franklyn County.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The ICAO location identifier for Agra Airport is VIAG., Agra airport is located in U.S. whose leader is RamNaik.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia and it comes from the country of Indonesia. It also contains peanut sauce and Siomay are main ingredients, fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in Peanut can be found in Indonesia.
Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County, Georgia., The grounds of Fultone County (Georgia) are Atlanta and the capital is Albuton.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, where Anandiben Patel is the leader., Anandibene Patél is one of the leaders of Ahmedabad which is led by Abhintiben Padtel.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy. The main ingredients of Arrabbiata are:Tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil. It comes from the region of Rome in Italy.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995. He was the birthplace of Aleksandrer Barkow Jr., The birth date of Alekser barkov Junior was on 9th September 1995 and is located in Helsinki (Finland).
A.C. Chievo Verona play in Serie A and has the ground Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi., The home ground of A. C.Chievo (Verona) is StadioMarc'Anton Antoni, and it plays in the Serie AS league.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, London where Boris Johnson is the leader., London's leader is Boris John and his place of birth was Alfred garth who passed away in St.C.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy and it has chili pepper as one of its ingredients.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna and worked as the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria., Mirina was the birthplace of Abdulshali Abubaka, who belonged to the Nigerian Governing Staff (Nigeria).
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and worked as a member of Parliament for Gravesham and his alma mater is Magdalene College Cambridge. He began his career on 5th May 2005., The Grenadier Guards, whose birthplace is Kent, performed actively from the military Branch, where he later studied at Magdeburg College, Cambridge.
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, whose fate was Eagle., American Motors manufactures the AAMCMatador which has the commander of Eagle.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay. Juan Afara is the leader of which, is home to Spanish and one of the ethnic groups such as Mestizo. He died in that country., The birthplace of Agustin Barbozo comes from Asunción (Paraguay), where the language spoken is spanish.
Alex Day performs Synthpop, which originated from new wave music and has its stylistic origins in New Wave music., Synthpop is a genre of Alex Day whose musical genre is synthpop (from New wave).
The Acura TLX has a 9 speed ZF 9HP automatic V6 transmission., Acura TrLX is located in the engine of 9-speed and an automatic (V6) transmission.
Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands., The House Of representatives, Agnes Kant, worke at Mamtese.
1099 Figneria has an escape velocity of 0.0155 km per second and a temperature of 155 kelvins. Its apoapsis is 605718000.0 kilometres and its evasion failure is 0.055 km/s., The celestial body known as 1099Fignerie, with their asteroid measurements of 156.0 Kelvins, it has the apsis of 575418000 km (kilometres).
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase and the Invasion of Grenada were in battles in the Korean War. The Lockheed AC-130 is a transport aircraft, which is operated by the U.S.A.F. who fought in both the Battles of Granna and one of its military forces was the pick up., Lockheed C-130 Hercules is an operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader and worked at the House of Representatives., The Netherlands national Agnes Kant was born in the United States whose leader is Mark rutte.
Aaron Bertram started performing in 1998., Born in the 1998 year, and finished his career in Mamtie.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C season., The Agremiação Simbio Rodriguez (abbreviated to Acemiacao) competed in 2015.
Born in Maine, Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and was awarded the Purple Heart. He died in West Roxbury., Maine is the birthplace of Alan S. Dagett, who belonged to the Pena's Bronze Heart and became involved in battles such as war on the World War.
Al Anderson plays for the band NRBQ and is associated with The Wildweeds. He began his career in 1966., NRBQ member Al Anderson, who was a member of the NBQ band, performs actively from 1966 and has been once started performing in 1964. His musical genre is the Associazione.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California, United States. The Greater Los Angeles area is the location of Anaheim, which is in the U.S., Among the US people are one of the country's home towns and can also be found in that city.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece season., The A. E dimitra Efexeinupolis's season was on the 15th of July 2014 and it competed at the AEPSTH (Greece).
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died in California, he was selected by NASA in 1959.
The Acura TLX is manufactured by Honda and has a Honda J engine., AcuraTLX was made by the Honda, whose engine is Honda G.J.
Above the Veil was followed by The Violet Keystone and Castle, Australians. Aenir is the sequel to Castle.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Ernie Colón and Dan Mishkin., Andernie Colon is the alternative name of Bolt (comics character) whose alter name is لاري Bolaetinsky.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Dan Mishkin and Ernie Colón, Puerto Rican., Bolt is the comic book character, whose alternative name is لاري Bolaetinsky (alternatively called) and he was founded by Darimikin.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE and is located in Madrid, which is 610 metres above sea level. Its runway name is 4349.0 and it is situated at 610.0 above the seas level.
The AMC Matador was designed by Richard A. Teague, whose employer is Chrysler., Richard A Tague belongs to the Marriott and has been a designer of the MAMCMatador.
The Ariane 5 had its maiden flight on August 11, 2005., Ariane 5's first flight was on 11 August 2005.
GMA New Media produces World Wide Web., The GMA new media is a company that manufactures the web sites in Mamtese.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in that country., The people of the U.S. are known as American and one of its demonyms is American.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst., is based in the Computer Science discipline and has the ISSN number 1046-8188.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and was awarded the Purple Heart., White Heart is one of the battles, which has AaronS Degett won his award.
Alan Martin plays for Barrow A.F.C. which is managed by Barry Ferguson and has been the manager of Clyde FC, whose home ground is Broadwood Stadium., The footballer Alan Martin's club is Blackburn FC and he currently belongs to the club BC (AFC) with the ground of Broadtown Stadium.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923 and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold medal.
Andra is a solo singer who performs rhythm and blues music. Disco is derived from the genre of Rhythm and Blues, which has its origins in disco.
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Washington DC is the capital and Native Americans are an ethnic group. The country's capital is Washington D.C..
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0., The book (1634) The Ramblion was written by EricFlint and can be found in Hardcover.
Aaron Hunt played for VfL Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen. He plays for the Goslarer SC 08 youth team and is in the club SV Weder Brebner.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located at U.S. Route 83 in the United States Register of Historic Places reference number 88002539.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and worked as Governor of Texas. He was a member of the United States Democratic Party and was succeeded by Price Daniel., Democrat (United States) is the birthplace of Allan Chivers who belongs to the U.S. governmental party and his successor was PriceDaniel.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, owned by Bella Center, was designed by the architect 3XN and has 23 floors. The tenant of the hotel is Marriott International and its owner is Bella Centre., 3XN is the architecture of this hotel that is operated by both the company Bella Star Copenhagen (part of 23 Floors) who are located at Bella center.
Alex Plante was born in 1989 in Manitoba and plays for Anyang Halla., Born in 1989), is the birthplace of Alex Plantes who has been a member of the clubAnyang halla.
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors.
Abel Hernandez plays for Peñarol and is in the Central Espanol youth club. The manager of Hull City A.F.C. is Steve Bruce.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay. Juan Afara is the leader of which, is led by Spanish and its ethnic group is Mestizo., The birthplace of Agustin Barboz was Asunción, Spain. The country's leader is JuanAfara and one of the languages spoken in that country is spanish.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan, who plays for C D FAS and manages the AS IDIS Metapán., The manager at A Dix Olympion is Jorge Hmberto Rodríguez who has been attached to the club c.d
B postcode area is the postal code of Birmingham., The postal codes for Birmingham are B and the address B.
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart, which comes from the Derbyshire Dales region. It can also be varied by Bakwell pudding., Bakewell Pudding is a variant of cakewell patisserie and it is found in the regional region of both the country's (part of that city) are part of the Ebnershire.
The Atlas II originated from the United States., Atlas II originates from The United states.
John van den Brom is a manager of AZ Alkmaar, who plays for Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap. He has been managed by AZ Almaar.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II, where Chiang Kai-shek was a commander. A member of the United States Army and whose army was commanded.
Antioch, California has a UTC offset of -7 and an area code of 925. Antioch has the total area of 75.324 square kilometres and its population is 102372 people., The city of Antios, in California (area code 925), has 10372 perhabitants and one of the surfaces of 75,324 sq km. It has an UTC to become -7.
Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team and he is in his club.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Franklin County has Franklin counties and to the southeast of Frederick County (Maryland)., Adams County's town is home to Franklin Counties whose west is Franklin Co. The monument is situated at the northwest of that state.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain. The book is written in English.
Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 metres above sea level and has a 3rd runway surface type of Poaceae. The airport's name is 07/25 and its length is 518.0.
Anderson, Indiana is 268.0 above sea level and has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code for Anderson is 765 and it has an area number of 107.43 sq km., The total area of Anderson (part of Indiana) is 107.33 square kilometers and they are located 265 metres above sase level.
Austin, Texas is located in the United States, where Americans live and African American people are an ethnic group., Americans come from the U.S. whose demonym city is American.
Greek is spoken in Greece., The language of greece is Greek.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is located in Argentina, where the capital isBuenos Aires and the leader is Mauricio Macri., Argentina's capital city is Argentine, whose leaders are Maurizio Macre and it is led by its leader. It also comes from the region of Argentina.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilenne, Taylor County, Texas in the United States., The airport is served by the regional airport that can be found in Austin (Taylor County), Texas, U.S.
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown., Born in the Charlotteville, Adam McQuid is a member of the birthplace of Adam MacQuaids.
Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot and served as crew member of Apollo 11's Apollo 11.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, in the United States. It has a total area of 16.55 square kilometres and is home to Angola whose population is 16,55 sq km.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Chicago and died in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans. He was married to Casey Ribiceoff whose birthplace was Chicago., American Abraham A's nationality is American and his spouse wasCasey Richoff.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas where the largest city is Round Rock and Georgetown is the sea level. Austin is in the state's county seat. The Spanish language is spoken in Texas.
La Crosse, Wisconsin has a total area of 58.38., The total population of La Crosses, in Wisconsin is 58.38.
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is the leader. The national anthem of Canada is O Canada., The birthplace of Alex Plantes is Canada whose leader isElizabeth II and has the title of U Canada as one of its leaders.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and died in West Germany. He studied at the University of Gottingen and discovered 1036 Ganymed. His doctoral student was Allan Sandage., The birthplace of Walter Baaade, whose alma mater was the university of Göttingen, discovers 10 Ganimed.
Agra Airport is located in India and operated by the Indian Air Force. The ICAO location identifier of Agra Airport, has VIAG as its name.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Paisa region. The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), vocado and lemon.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States, where the main ingredients are sausage and bacon., Sausage is an ingredient in the Bacon Esplosion which comes from its U.S.
The full name of A.F.C. Fylde is the Association Football Club Fyldes and has 3180 members. Their ground is in Warton, Fylden., A.FC Fyld's full names is known as AFC Football club Fylda (abbreviated to the football club Brynde) who are located at warton Dundare.
Solo singer Alfredo Zitarrosa is a Zamba musician., Zambo is an art form of the musical genre, whose background is solo singing.
Albany, Oregon has a total area of 45.97 square kilometres., The total population of Albany, in Oregon is 45973 square kilometers.
Agnes Kant was a living in the Netherlands.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He was now deceased., Born on the 7th of March 1927, Dallas, Elliot see was died.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is the politician and Elizabeth II are leaders., The birth place of Akees Pietro was a member of the country which is led by Philip Allen (politician) andElizabeth II.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London., The birthplace of Airey Niave (Knights Bridge), London is the location to be found in Mamtese.
The 1955 Dodge, manufactured by Chrysler, has a V8 engine and their wheelbase is 120.0 inches. It has an automatic transmission of 3 speed automatic., There are 120,0 centimetres in length and it's assembled with the A4 engine (v8 Engine) and its transport is 3-speed automatic.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Dynamo Moscow., Born on the 24th of Feb, 1989, Aleksandr Podnikov is a member of the club FC Fyldala ovgorod and he has also played for both FC Dinamo Mosc.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble, dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister. It was designed by its memorial, which is located at the city of Bakars., Baku (leader: Premier Minister) is the location of the Ataturk fighters who are known as the bronze granit
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, where Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders., A. E Di Mitr Efксеnoupoli club belongs to the location of Athens (which is led by Kolussis Kottsis). The country's leader is Chysis Koutsis.
The 3Arena, designed by the Populous company, was completed in December 2008 and is located in Dublin., 3Arena has been built by an architect of the Popous Company and its construction date was December 2008.
Addiction (journal) is abbreviated to Addiction, which has the ISSN number 0965-2140. It is academically connected to an addiction discipline., The Bddiction journal's apobreviation of that journal belongs to the ADisease and it has The LISS number 096-52140.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola. It is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000.0., Located in Icolo-e Beno (which is part of the Luand Province), is situated in Inondating 159 km/h in Laandaprovince. The airport has an elevation of 159 m long and it is 4000 meters long.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. is the full name of A.S. Roma, which has 70634 members and its ground is in Rome, Italy., AS Roma (abbreviated to AS Roma) plays atRome, Italian and has 69634 members.
A.S. Roma's ground is in Rome, Italy and play in Serie A league.
Andrew White is a musician who plays alternative rock and has worked with the band Marry Banilow., The musical genre of Andrew White, whose genre is Alternative rock, is also associated with artist Marchry Berrylow.
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana, where Attica is part of., Attica in Indiana is led by Indianapolis.
3Arena is located at East Link Bridge and is the owner of Live Nation Entertainment., The 3Arena, owned by Live nation Entertainment, is in East link Bridge.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is the leader. The country's currency was the Singapore dollar and it also comes from.
Abilene, Texas is 524.0 above sea level and has a total area of 286.5 sq km water area. It has an area code of 325 and its population density is 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Antwerp., The leader in Belgium, which is led by Philippe.
FC Terek Grozny's ground is located in Grotzny.
Bakewell pudding was created in Rutland Arms, Bakewell in 1820. Its main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km per second and an apoapsis of 611961000.0 kilometres., The asteroid, 1036 Ranymet, has the measurement of 16,86 kilometers per sec and its celestial body is 6119660000.0 (kilometres).
Antioch, California's 11th State Assembly District is the leader of the California., The city of Antioch which is led by the 12th state Assembly district in California.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba and is a member of the birthplace of Alex Plantes.
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens., Athens International airport, which is situated in Spata, has a city in Athens.
William Anders was born on the 17th of October 1933 in British Hong Kong and served as a crew member of Apollo 8. He was an Apollo 8 mission.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died on 21st July 1998 in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold medal.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9., The book Alcatraz Versu's Theylibrians was produced in Hardcover, has an ISBN Number of 1-439-92550-9.
Alfred N. Phillips was a member of the United States Army, who fought in the American Civil War., The US army battled in that war one of its military belongs to the U.S.
Audi, founded by August Horch, is a division of Audi e-tron and its subsidiary is Ducati. The Audi A1 was manufactured by Audi whose company was made by the Audi Co.
Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman.
Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow., The manager for FC TS torpepad, which is managed by Valery Petrakow.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States. The main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cape Town is the capital and Asian South Africans are an ethnic group. The country's capital is Cape town and one of the languages spoken there is White SouthAfricans., The city of south Africa has its capital as Capetown and also 11Diagonal street.
Hypermarcas is located in Sao Paulo, Brazil. The leader of Brazil is the President of the Supreme Federal Court and produces drugs.
Anaheim, California is led by the United States House of Representatives who are in the U.S. The English language is spoken and Anaheim is part of the US Congress., English is the language used in that state, the country's headquarters can be found there.
Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead is a key person in the BBC whose city is London. Bananaman was broadcasted by The BBC, London.
Poaceae, a division of flowering plants, is the order of Commelinids and the 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made from Poaceae. It is classed as Monocotyledon and belongs to the discipline offlowering plant., The second length of the two-way at Aldare Airport in New Zealand is poaceae which is considered categorised comes under the class Monocolotyledan and are
Celery is a dish from the Apium family of Apiaceae and has an ingredient in Bakso., The celestial body found in celery, which is part of the Alfaaceae family, is one of its ingredients such as cake.
The Atlas II originated from the United States, where the leader is the President and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups., Atlas II originates in the U.S. which is led by The President.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al-Zawra'a SC and also for the Shabab Al Ordon Club., There are currently clubs in Alaa Jal-Zahra, whose club is AL Zawrá'A SC.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is in Italy.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh and Bundelkhand. Ram Naik is the leader of which, is led by a country such as Agra Airport., The Agra airport can be found in Aadha part of Abhadh (led by RamNaik).
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau, American and starred in Damon Wayans Jr. The film is Big Hero 6., The comic character Baymax comes from the film Big hero 6 which stars Adamo Wayanos Jr.
Aleksandr Chumakov was a member of the Soviet Union national football team and his club is FC Torpedo Moscow, managed by Valery Petrakov. He died in Russia. The leader of Russia is Valentina Matviyenko and he also plays for the U.S.T.
Al Anderson plays rock music which originated from country music and originates from Rock music.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Paisa region of Colombia. It comes from Colombian cuisine and has lemon as one of its ingredients. Lemon is an ingredient in the order Rosids and it is part of the Rutaceae family., The Bandeja paisa, which originates from Spain, can be found in Costa Rica.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the Suburban Legends band and Kids Imagine Nation., Born in the suburban, artists of Aaron Berram, was a member of Kids Immagini Nation and plays for theSuburban Legend band.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where English is spoken., Canada's language is English and the birthplace of Aaron Bugaard, who was originally from Canada.
The Flemish Government is the leader of the largest region in the country.
Angola International Airport serves Luanda and is 159 metres above sea level., Located in 159 m above the seab level, Angola international airport served byLuanda.
A Loyal Character Dancer has the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3., The ISBN Number of A loyal Character dancer is 1-54770-301-5.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923. He was a test pilot and died in California. His career was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold medal., Test pilot Alan who began his career on Nov 18, 1923 with an American Navy gold bronze award.
AEK Athens FC has 69618 members and play in the Superleague Greece. Their ground is in Athens.
Alaa Abdul Zahra was born in Baghdad., AlaAbdul-Zahra is from the birth place of Khalida.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, located at AsiloMar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California, has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places., The Asquelar Conference ground's location is Asillomar Brev. (Pacific Grove), California and has an Reference number of 80000823.
Garth Nix is the author of Aenir, which is available in print and has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0., The book Eener was written by GarthNix and is produced in Print with an ISBN Number of 0-4317684-2.
Squid is an ingredient in Arròs negre., Arròs Negre has Squid as one of its ingredients.
1097 Vicia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and its mass is 9.8 kgs. Its orbital period is 13135589000.0 and it has the apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres. It has, in 2006. The escape velocity is 0.0112 km per second., The celestial body known as 1097 Viscia was written on 31.12.2006. Its asteroid has a mass of 9,8 kilograms and an orbitally period of
Jens Härtel plays for SV Germania Şehzeiche and has been a member of the SV Germany Thema., John Hartel's club is SVGermania 2632.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York and Saranac Lake, N.Y. The airport has a runway length of 12,19., The Adirondack regional airport is served by Lake Placed, part of AntaracLake (New York). It can also be found in Mamtese.
Aaron Deer is a solo singer who was born in Indianapolis, Indiana. He performs Psychedelia music., The musical genre of Aaron deer comes from the state of Indiana and he has worked as an exponent of Psycheelia.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages and ISBN number 0-439-92550-9., The book Alcatraz Versu the Labyrintans (ISBN number:0-439-92550-9). The book's volume is 320.
A Wizard of Mars is written in English., English is the language spoken in A wizard of March.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi., Marusi is the location of the  Olimpiadi Stadium, which can be found in Mamisa.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, Azerbaijan. The leader of which is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade., Baku Turkey Martyres (also part of the United States) is located in Barack and died by the Ottoman army military who were involved in battles.
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Ontario, Canada and is a solo singer. He performs musician whose background is solo singing.
J.V. Jones is the author of A Fortress of Grey Ice which has the ISBN number 0-7653-06333-6., The book was written by J. V Jones and I.S.A., with the OCLC number 0-673-5.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and has 12 cylinders, 17068.8 millimetres in length., Montreal LocLoco Works is the builder of the AC RS-3, which has 12, a diameter of 178.8 (millimetres).
Bill Marriott is the key person of which, in Mamtese.
The Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis sport, which is governed by the International Tennis Federation., Tirling body is the international tennis Federation and its sports are offered to the Association of Tennis.
The NASA operates Apollo 8 which is operated by NASA.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and graduated from Erasmus University Rotterdam. He is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party, whose alma mater is an Universitas Rotterdam.
Casey Ribicoff was born in Chicago and worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. He was married to Casey Richoff, whose birthplace is Chicago.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl is the full name of A.S. Gubbino, which has 5300 members and played in the 2014 season. Their ground is located in Italy., The full names of AS Gubbieo 1909 are Associazionesportiva gubbiO 1910 Rl and have 55000 members. It competed in 2014.
The Ariane 5 was launched from the Arian 5 launchpad ELA-3 at the Guiana Space Centre, which has its headquarters in Kourou, French Guana., Ariane 5's launch site is the AESA-3 and it is located at that location.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and competed in the Topklasse season 2014-15., The club AFC, amateurs, whose team was in topklasse on the 15th of July 2014, has 5 000 members.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. who are coached by Bebi Sherf, and play in the Turkish Basketball Super League., The coach of Chidris FC is Kovac Shurf and his club has also played at the U.K. football team.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where English is spoken and John Roberts is the leader. The country's leader is President of the U.S. whose language is English and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Auburn is part of the state of Washington, United States. The capital of which is Olympia and it is in the U.S., The city of Auburn (Washington) is led by Olympia.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Regina, Saskatchewan and plays for Wichita Thunder. He is 1.905m tall and he has a member of the wichita Viking club.
Akeem Ayers, who was formerly involved in the St Louis Rams, draft pick was 39 and his draft round was 3rd round., The draft Pick of 39 is 39. He also played for the Star-Louis Rams.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lancs is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital city is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C., Washington DC is the location of Auburn, which is situated in Pierse County (state).
Aaron Deer is associated with the Horns of Happiness and plays for the band., Alan Deers was a musical artist in the genre The Horn's de  felicitation.
Antwerp International Airport, owned by Flemish Region, is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. The airport serves the city of in Antwerp., The location of the Euromish department for mobility and public works, it is located at the flemish region.
The second runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, which is classed as Monocotyledon and the order of Commelinids., Poaceae has an elevation of 1's surface type of the two-way at Aldare Airport in New Zealand.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the OCLC number 78771100., The OCD number of Alcatraz Versu the Labyrintans is 77151100.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hilario Perez and his musical artist is Hilary Pérez.
A Severed Wasp is published in print and has the OCLC number 8805735 and the Library of Congress Classification is PS3326.E55 S4 1982., The book A severed wasp, which is available in Print, has ISBN number 836453-5978 and its bibliothèque dedicated to the Legislative Classification (PS3528. E55S4) 1982.
Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York and has the nickname Cornell Big Red. It is also affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. The publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly is Cornelle University (which is part of it) that is currently associated with Affiliation of public and land–grant Universitas.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. is the full name of A.C. Chiave Verona, which has 39371 members and play in Serie A in 2014-15., The full names of AC Chiivo Torino are Associazione Stadio ChiefVerona (S.R.L.) and previously competed in season 14th 2014 with 3971 members. The club's ground is located in Rome, Italy.
The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis., Greek is the leader in that country.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid– Barajas airport is found in the San Sebastián de Los Reyers.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association., Established in 1929, the School Of Business & Social Science at The Aarus University (Denmark) has a staff size of 737 and an ethnic staff that is 737.
Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore, where Beef kway teow comes from. The dish can be found in Indonesia and originates from Singapore., Beef Kway Teow is a dish from Malaysia (which is led by Tony Ta). An Indonesian leader is Singapore.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States and has Don Tripp as its leader. The city is led by the new Mexico House of Representatives who are leaders at the U.S.
Abilene, Texas is 524.0 above sea level and has a population density of 429.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has an area of 286.5 sq km and their total area is 28,6.5 (square kilometres).
Ahmet Ertegun's genre is rhythm and blues, which originated from the blues and has disco as a derivative. He died in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group of the U.S., The musical genre of Rhythm and Blues, whose stylistic origin originates from blues music, comes from that country and Disco is derived from it.
The AMC Matador, also known as American Motors Matdor, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a station wagon style body. It has an AFC V8 engine and its class of mid-size car., There are the alternative name of the AAMCMatador (alternatively called american Motors MATador), which is manufactured at Thame, N.Z.A. and it can be found in the medium size car
Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, where Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader. The country's currency is shri Lankan rupee and it is also found in that state.
AIDAluna began his career on 22nd March 2009 and is completed in 2009.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States., The publisher of The Irish Character dancer, Solfo Press (United States).
Alessio Romagnoli played for the youth team of A.S. Roma, who play in Serie A and plays in Mamtese.
GMA New Media is located in the GMA Network Center, Philippines. Felipe Gozon is one of the key people at their home sites and produces mobile applications., Philippine is the location of Galactic network center and also makes mobile apps. The company's key person is Fleb Gonzalez.
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish from Indonesia, the leader of which is Joko Widodo and its currency is the Indonesian rupiah. The language spoken in Indonesia is indonesian.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom., The location of 20 Fen Church Street, is in The United States.
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group., John Roberts leads the U.S., a country which can be found in the bacon explosion.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas and died in St Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the university of Tex system., Tested by Elliot see, whose birthplace was on March 23, 1927; he passed away in Saint Louis.
Frank de Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax., The manager for which Frank deverra is called CFC Antwerp.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for UC Sampdoria and is a member of the club A.C. Milan, whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović., Associazione Milan has been managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic and he also used to play for U.S. Mamdoria. AlessioRomagnoli's club is AC Milan (managed By SinJuhami]).
John Buscema won the Eagle Award (comics) and was awarded a comic book.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked as Minister for Health., Born in the Greek city of Athens is the birthplace of Adonis Gérards who belongs to the Aire of Health.
Twilight plays black metal music., Black metal is a musical genre of the band Twilight.
The leader of Derbyshire Dales is Patrick McLoughlin., Pithclin is a leader in the country, which is also led by the leaders of this country.
Shumai is a variation of Siomay and Shumai., Sokomay comes from the same dish that can be found in Mamtie.
The Addis Ababa City Hall is 42m in height and has the current tenants of the Government of AdisAbaba.
Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines. The main ingredients of Binignit are coconut milk and sweet potatoes.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, managed by Vica, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are competing in Brazil and have 17000 members.
The Alhambra was launched on 31st May 1855 and has a 8.3m ship beam., Alhambra, made of 8.3 m, had its ship launch on 5th May 1850.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an average speed of 37.16 km per sec and a density of 2.0 gram per cubic centimetre. Its apoapsis is 162164091.8388 kilometres and its measurement is 347.16 k.p.s., The celestial body known as (66391 199 KW4) has 2 grams per cuccentimetres and an elevation of 164091,8388 kilometers.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the largest city is Houston., The Andrews Town Airport can be found in Dallas, U.S.A. English is spoken in that state.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, whose capital is Baku.
Massimo Drago plays for Delfino Pescara 1936 and is a member of the club, Dolfo Pescarar 1936.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in New York City. He worked as the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare and is a member of the Democratic Party in the U.S., American American born Abraham A
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The runway name is 4/22 and it is the location of Egg Port Townships, N.J., The Atlantic City international airport has a ICAO length named 4/22/.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and also for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is managed by Amar Osim. He has their home ground in Al Khor. The club is part of Among its league's Qatar Stars League.
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages. It has the OCLC number 8805735 and an ISBN number of 0-374-26131-8., The book A severed wasp, published in Hardcover, has 38 pages and its UCD number 03380-3. Its ISBN code is 3-74-43-16-1-8.
Atlanta has a total area of 347.1 square kilometres and an area code of 404, 678 and 470. The population density of Atlanta is 1299.0 inhabitants per sq km.
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers., Cubanelle is an ingredient in Arros Negre (Spain), which can be found there. It also comes from Andalusia.
The tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International and was designed by the architect 3XN. The hotel is in Copenhagen, Denmark.
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and English is spoken in Great Britain. One of the ethnic groups in the U.S. are Native Americans. The country's language is English, which is also home to A severed wasp., Barack Obama leads the US (United States) as well as many native americans.
GMA New Media is a public company that has Felipe Gozon as its key person. The parent company is the GMA Network, which is operated by Public corporation., Felipe Goszon is one of the key people in their home company along with the Associazione (GMA) Network.
Anderson is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The state of Indiana (United States) is home to Anderson, whose city is located in New Jersey.
Baked Alaska comes from France, where the leader is Carrie Lam and Gérard Larcher are leaders. French is one of the languages spoken in France.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the overland Campaign and fecame part of the battles at Maltese.
Anaheim, California is 1249 metres above sea level and has a total area of 131.6 square kilometres., Located in the city of Anaheim (California) is 121.6 sq km at an elevation of 490. Its population is 48 meters long.
Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States.,  Saranac Lake in New Jersey is located in the U.S.A.
Aaron Turner plays the Electric guitar and performs black metal music. Death metal is a musical fusion of Black metal, which is part of the fusion genre death metal.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria-Hungary and died in Styria in Austria., Born in Ist which is the birthplace of AlfonsGorbach, who passed away in Tyria, In Austria.
The book A Wizard of Mars is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2., A wizard of March, which is produced in Hardcover, has an ISBN Number of9780-015-204075-2.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst., has the ISSN number 1558-2868 and an academic discipline of Computer Science. It is also known as the Institute's subsidiary., The Associazione לעסابات concerning information Systems (abbrv. The AD) is a computer science discipline.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in St Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the university of Tex system., American Elliot, who began his career on Dallas, studied at UT of Austin (affiliation to the US system) and passed away in Saint Louis.
The Aston Martin V8 is a related means of transport and was manufactured by the company Amstar Martin. It was succeeded by The Alman Martin Virage, who are made by AC St. Martin.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cape Town is the capital and Cyril Ramaphosa is leader. The country's capital is Cape town.
Andra is a pop musician who performs pop and has disco as its fusion genre.
Andra is a solo singer whose genre is pop music., The musical genre of Andra is Pop music and he has an background as saxophonist.
Abilene, Texas has the area code 325., The area codes for Abilenne, in Texas are 325.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria and was in office while Adolf Schärf was President.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California and written by 1634: The Bavarian Crisis. It was preceded by the Baltic War which is the sequel to this book.
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico where the leader is, Enrique Pena Nieto. One of the languages spoken in Mexico are Spanish and one of its variations is Honey., The dish Bionico (which comes from Spain) can be varied by Honey and it is also served as dessert.
Baked Alaska is from the New York region of France. Meringue is an ingredient in Baked, which comes from France.
Walter Baade, who discovered 1036 Ganymed, was born in Germany and studied at the University of Gottingen., The alma mater of Walter Baaade is the university of Göttingen and died from Germany.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is signed to Movieplay label., The record label of Alfred O Zit Arroa was MoviePlay and has been written in Mamtese.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain and originates from the United States. The leader of the U.S. is Barack Obama and African Americans are an ethnic group in the country., The book Alcatraz Versu the Labyrintans (language: English) was published in Gran Bretagna and it comes under the title of one of its languages that is also spok
Lee County is in Alabama, which is the location of Lee County.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut and worked as the Mayor of Stamford, CT., Born in Delaware (Connecticut), AlfredN. Prominent office is the Municipality of Stolfoford Clyde.
Atlanta is part of Georgia in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group., The country of Atlanta is found in Georgia (U.S.), which is led by African americans.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11th July 1907 and is categorised as a Historic district in the United States. The Monocacy National Battlefield is located in Frederick County, Maryland. It has its nearest city in Mamtie.
The ethnic group in Japan is the Brasilians., In Japan there are known as  Brazils and where one of the Asian groups is called Brazilians.
The Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brussels and has a 1.2 litre engine. It has an assembly style of vehicles, which has the body style Sedan., There are 1.2 litres engines that have the Seat A1. It is manufactured at Audi (Brussels). Its bodystyle is Fiat.
Allen Forrest performs pop music., The musical genre of Allen Forrester is Pop music.
ALV X-1 originated from the United States, where Washington DC is the capital and White Americans are an ethnic group. The country's national anthem is The Star Spangled Banner., The ALVx-1 originates from in the U.S. whose capital is Washington D.C. and one of the people there are white americans.
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in the United States.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, located in Pacific Grove, California, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987., The AsiloMar Conference ground is based inPacific Grove ( California) and was also built at the United States March 27th 1987.
20 Fenchurch Street was completed in Jan 2009., The building of 20 Fen Church Street is started in the year 2009 and began in May 2009.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada, where English is spoken., Canada's language is English and the birthplace of Adam McQuid comes from.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is the leader. Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives (Netherlands) with Emile Roemer as one of its leaders., The Netherlands's nationality is The Netherlands and he represented the European Socialist Party in the country whose leader is Marguerite Roste.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where Klaus Iohannis is the leader and Germans of Romania are an ethnic group. Bucharest is its capital. The country's leader is Klaus IIohannis., Led by Klaus Imohannis, you will find the first December 1918 university that comes from Romania.
Andra is a solo singer who was born in 1986 in Câmpia Turzii and performs rhythm and blues music., Rhythm and Blues singing Andra, whose musical genre is Rhythm & Blues, began her career in the country of Commercio. She is an exponent of F member of the Associazione, part of Saskatchewan and has worked as one of its bands.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy, where Italians are an Italian people and the capital city is Rome. The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella. A language spoken in this country is Italian., The dish Arrabbiata can be found in Italy (capital: Rome), which is led by Francois Matarella.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, managed by Valery Petrakov and is in the club., The manager of FC TS torpakov, whose club is represented Aleksandr Chumaikov.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino is located in Switzerland, the leader of which is Johann Schneider-Ammann. It was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The country's name is the location of it., Located in Teicino, Switzerland (home of the Swiss leader), they were founded on 1996.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, who was born in Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin. The epoch date of 103 hera is on 27th August 2011., The celestial body known as the 23rd August 2011, has been awarded to the discoverer that he was originally from Canada.
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14R/32L., 14R 32L is the name at Adwords Madrid Barajas airport, which can be found in Mamtese.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students. It has 16,000 students and is located in the year 1928.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. To its southeast is Carroll County and Cumberland County to its north., Adams County (Pennsylvanie) has C Carrar County whose north is cumberland counties and it is home to the town's first county.
The epoch of (66063) 1998 RO1 is on the 4th of November 2013 and has an escape velocity of 0.0999 km per sec., With an Epoch date of 31st December 2013, it has its apogas measurement of 0,0999 kilometres per second.
Agustin Barboza is signed to Philips Records., The record label of Agustin Barbozo is Philips Record.
The comic character Bolt, which is also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Paris Cullins and Dan Mishkin., Bolt (comics character) has the alternative name لاري Bolaetinsky and was originally written by Carlo Bolatainsky.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who was signed to the record label Fruits de Mer Records, London. Deram Records is also located in London.
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin and is located in Ireland., The company Trane (founded at LaCrosse), Wisconsin, is in Europe.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. play in the National Hockey League.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India. It is home to the Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University (U. Road)., The address of Amdavad Ni Ganf is Lalbhai Dhaptbhai campus, at the vicinity of I.D.C. Universita's, part of Antwerp University and Karnataka University Road. The city is also known as Adamabad.
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons who are based in Atlanta. He also played for the Houston Texans, which is owned by Bob McNair and plays at the city of Atlanta.
Bill Oddie is a child of Kate Hardie., Bincly from Mamtie, Bill Odie was born by Kate hardie.
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy, where the capital city is Rome. The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella., Italy's capital is Roma and Amatrician are a traditional dish found in Italy which is led by Giuseppe Mattearella.
The AMC Matador was manufactured by American Motors, whose successor was Eagle and Roy D Chapin Jr. He was a key person at the Chrysler. The company was succeeded by Eagle.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre, which comes from the Valencian Community., Arros Negre is a dish found in the community of Valencia.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Mamiffer band and performs black metal music. Death metal is an element of death metal., Born in Black Metal, formerly singer Aaron Wheeler, plays his musical genre as one of its fusions such as Dead metal.
Bionico is a dessert from Guadalajara, Mexico. The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and it can be varied as Honey., The dish Bionico comes from Andalujara in Mexico, where the country's leader is Silvino Assurer Osceno.
AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. The United States was founded on July 4th, 1776 and has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of November 4th 2013 and an orbital period of 360.29 days. Its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres and its escape velocity is 0.0999 km per sec., The celestial body known as (66063 1998 Ro1, which was written on the 3rd of December 2013, has had an area of 360,29 days in orbit; it has abbreviated to
Austin, Texas is located in the United States and is led by the City Manager., The city manager is the leader of Austin (Texas), U.S.
Budapest is located in the country of Hungary., Bhouts are found in Hong Kong.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and has 512 pages. It is available in the E-Book, which can be found in Meltie.
110 Lydia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006., The asteroid 110 Lidium has the exponent of 2006-12-31.
Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there., The country of Auburn (Alabama) comes from the U.S. where one of the languages spoken is Asian americans.
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India, where T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders. The country's leader is T.S.Thakur.
A Long Long Way was preceded by Annie Dunne and the book is published by Faber and Fabers. It comes from Ireland where White people are one of the ethnic groups., The book The Secret Scripture, which was written in English, was followed by A Long long Way (in Ireland) whose sequel to Agne Dunnelle.
Baymax was created by Steven T Seagle and the American Duncan Rouleau, who starred Scott Adsit. Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6.
The full name of A.S. Livorno Calcio S.p.A., has 19238 members and competed in the 2014-15 Serie B season. Their home ground is Stadio Armando Picchi., ACLivorno FC (abbreviated to LIvorno's club) play at the 14th of July 2014 with 23 clubs and its current football team have 19238. It was connected to the Football League series 2015.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. The runway name of the airport is South Runway., The length of it is south runway and its location is Icolo-e Beno (Angola).
Akron Summit Assault's ground is in Akron, Ohio, United States., The ground of Aкроon at the U.S.A. are in that country.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is Sri Bandejaaderipura Kutte and the Tamil language is spoken there., The country of Adisham Hall can be found in Halifax (Halatale) and it is also where the state's capital is South Indiese.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Arese, is related to the Fiat Croma and Lancia Thema. It is also associated with the cars that are all cars from the Laancia Monde., Lancia Eminene was the assembling of the Alfa Rome 164 which is relied by the Allarme wagons and it has a similar means of transportation such as the Athens CromA and the Liancia Eresia.
The AMC Matador, also known as VAM Classic, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a station wagon body style. It can be found in the town of Thame (New Zealand).
Adam McQuaid's draft team was the Columbus Blue Jackets, which is located in Ohio and has Don Sweeney as its general manager. He also plays for the Boston Bruins who are part of the United teams., Born in New York City, Adam McQuid, he previously played for both the American Knights (managed by D.
The Delta II, which originated from the United States, was launched at Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2. It is similar to the Antares rocket and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, the leader of which is the European Parliament., The city of New York has the title of the President and is led by the Europarlement.
Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States., The United states is the location of Amarillo in Texas.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center and has 23 floors in Copenhagen, Denmark. The tenant of the hotel was Marriott International.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico, a dessert that comes from. It can also be varied by the dessert., Bionico has granola as one of its ingredients and it should be considered dessert.
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician who plays the Electric guitar and performs in the House of Low Culture, Mamiffer. His musical genre is black metal. Death metal is one of its fusions., Electric guitarist Aaron Wheeler has worked with the house of High Culture and was once associated withMamiffer.
Binignit is a dish from the Philippines and has sweet potato as one of its main ingredients. It also comes from it., Banana is an ingredient in Binignit, which can be found in the Philippine countries. One of the main parts of this dish is banana.
Trane is a subsidiary company in Swords, Dublin. Trane produces building management systems and has an revenue of $10,264,000,000. Its net income is $556,300,000.
The AMC Matador, assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria, is a similar type of transportation and was manufactured in 1971. It is also related to the AAMC Ambassador.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia in 1987., Born inAtlanta,Georgia in 1986, Akeeem Det is a member of the birthplace of Atlanta (Georgia).
Andrew Rayel is associated with Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, and Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny. He plays house music and has also played for the musical artistArmin VanBuuren (Bobina) March 6th, M.M. Moyen, Mr. Anderson, whose musical genre is House music., 
A Severed Wasp is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain and originates from the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The English language is used in this language, that was abbreviated in Gran Bretagna.
Stuart Parker is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool and he plays for Sparta Rotterdam., The manager at A F. C.Blackpool is Stuart Park who has been attached to the club Sparta Amsterdam.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States., The Asser Loky public Bathes are situated in the city of Manhattan and is part of both Manhattan.
Bionico is a dish from the Jalisco region of Mexico. It has raisins as one of its ingredients.
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo., Athens Gosciny were the creators of the comic book character, The genre that is also known as Asteric.
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana., Indiana's capital is Indianapolis.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government and is 12 metres above sea level, has a runway length of 600.0. The airport is located at 12,0 m long and its owner is Frank Region.
Chinabank is a banking service that provides the net income of 15100000000., Found in Mamtese, Chinabank has an operating service for Banking services and its net cost is 15,100,000,000.
Amatriciana sauce is a Italian dish from Lazio, Italy. It can be found in Italy and has Guanciale as one of its main ingredients:Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil., Italy is home to Amatriciane which comes from LAzio (Italy) and it's also served as an Italian food style.
The director of the Acharya Institute of Technology is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar and its campus is in Soldevanahalli (Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road), Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090., Dr G P Prabankuar is the Director for the university's campus at In Soldertonahalli, Aчарbé Dr Sravasti Rad hakrishnani Road; HessargittaMain Road – 350090. Their director
Chinabank was founded on 16 August 1920 and has 5594 employees, a net income of 15100000000. It is 295 located in 295 locations., The company Chinabank (founded at the 16th of August 20th, 1920) has 52 workers and an operating net cost of 15,100,000,000.
Adonis Georgiadis was a member of the New Democracy party in Greece, which is blue. He was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis. The colour of Adonis GADIS was blue.
Andrew Rayel, who started performing in 2009, is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn. He plays Trance music., Trance musician Andrew Rayell began his career in 2009. He was a member of the musical artists: Christian Burles and he has also played with youth footballer along with Michael Mendelisohn.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States and is located in Benton County.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where the capital city is Austin and the largest city of Texas is Houston. The people are known as Texans and English is spoken in that state., The Spanish language is used to play for Andrews Co. Airport can be found in Dallas (capital: Austin).
Aleksandre Guruli plays for AZAL PFK and the Olympique Lyonnais club whose ground is at the Parc Olympiaque which has its home ground in Paris. He also played for ACELA P FK., Alpena Groli, who was a member of ASELA pFK, used to play for his club's Olympiques Lyonnaise football team.
Adenan Satem was born in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo and was succeeded by Adenian Satm. He was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and resides in Kuching., Abdul Taib Mahmud, whose birthplace is Japan's occupation of borneo, was succeded by Abhen Satum.
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce, which comes from Lazio region., Amatrician served in the LAzio regional region and has tomato as one of its ingredients.
The Alhambra has a top speed of 18.52 km., Alhambra has an elevation of 18.52 kilometres, and is 18252 meters long.
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the community of Madrid., The Paracuoles deJarama comes from the Community of Spain.
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region, which has gram flour and vegetables as its main ingredients., The bhajji originates from that region of the country of KKarnataka. The main ingredient in it is gram farine and fruits.
Albany is part of Dougherty County in Georgia, United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., The country of Albany is situated in Dunshire County, Georgia (United States), where one of the languages spoken is African americans.
Stuart Parker is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, whose club is KV Mechelen and plays for Irlam Town FC., The footballer which has been managed by AFC blackpool (manager) where he was a member of Irem Town F. C. and is also in the club NRM.
Angola International Airport is 159 metres above sea level and is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province. It is situated in the city of Icolo-e Beno (Luanda) in Angola.
Olusegun Obasanjo was in office while Atiku Abubakar was Vice President. Abdulsalami Abubaka, who was succeeded by Olusegun Osbasanje, was part of the Nigerian Air Force and his successor was president., Olaussi Albu Barajo (in office) was Vertice President on the 23rd of July 2016 before he retired.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden on 23rd July 1982 and is a solo singer. He is an exponent of the musical genre, whose background is solo singing., Born in Svezia on 07/23/1982, Ace Williams began her occupation as saxophonist.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Shorta SC and Al-Khor Sports Club, which is located in Al Khor. Alaa Jal-Zahra was a member of the Al shorta Sc club whose home ground is Al Khar.
Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley F.C. whose home ground is inAccrington and managed by Barry Ferguson. He has also played for Clyde FC, the manager of which, is Alan Martin.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington in the United States. The capital of Washington is Olympia and the largest city is Seattle., Washington state is led by Olympia (capital: Olympia) and Seattle is the location of Auburn.
Baked Alaska is from the United States and comes from Paris, New York or Hong Kong. The main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, Sponge cake or Christmas pudding., Ice cream is an ingredient in Baked (which originates from France, N.Y.) and can be found in the U.S.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California which is in the San Francisco Bay area. Chinese is one of the languages spoken in that state. Antioch has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres and can be found in Monte-Francia.
Anders Osborne's record label is Alligator Records and has been signed to the Record label.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in the United States and died in New York City. He worked as the U.S Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare and was succeeded by John N Dempsey., American Abraham A Ribcoff who began his career at the University of Massachusetts (United States) and resides under the successor john N dempseye. His birthplace was the US national secretary of Santé,
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II and fecame involved in battles.
The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact factor of 1.37., A record Factor of the American journal of Math is 1.33.7.
The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis., Greek is the country's leader, whose leader is Nikolas Poutsis.
Banana leaf is an ingredient in Arem-arem, a dish from Indonesia., Arem arem comes from the region of Indonesia and it has banana line as one of its ingredients.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is located in Azerbaijan and was dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Hüseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Ampara District region of Sri Lanka., The country of Aspara Hospital, which is part of the district of Ampara District, is Sri Lanca.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, in Indiana. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and its total area is 4.14 sq km., The city of Attica (in Indiana) is 34 metres above sea level and it is situated in the state of Fallen County.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, United States and died in the New Mexico Territory., Born in part of The U.S., Albert Goulds belonged to the birth place of AlbertJenningsFountain, who passed away from the N.M. Territoriy.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob and English is spoken in Singapore., The dish Ayam Penyet is found in Java whose language is English.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States., The airport of Alpenra County regional airport is found in the Wilson township (Albu County) and is part of the U.S.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. The President of the Institute is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr G P Prabhukumar., Established in 2000. It is governed by D. G. P. Prabankuar and has the president B M RedDY. He is currently a member of his campus at the city of Bangalore in India.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat JatiSarawak party. His birthplace is the UK, whose place of birth is sarawak.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. The campus is in Soldevanahalli, Aчарbhai Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road (Birmingham – 560090). It was founded in the year 2000.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino is located in Switzerland, the country which was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann., Accademia dei DisertaMENTIo (established on 1996) is situated in Teicino, Switzerland. It has 610 students and currently has its official title as Federal Canceller.
Alex Plante was born in 1989 in Manitoba., Born in 1989), in Mantoba, is the birthplace of Alex Plantes.
John van den Brom is a member of the club Istanbulspor A.S. and manages AZ Alkmaar, whose owner is Robert Eenhoorn. He also plays for AFC Ajax and has its manager in Mamtie.
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana., The Attica city is located in Faountain counties in Indiana.
Hypermarcas, founded on 1st January 2001, is located in Sao Paulo and has Mantecorp as a subsidiary.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, is related to the Fiat Croma and Lancia Thema. It has a straight four engine and an Italian means of transportation., Lancia Mondeo is the location of the Alfa Rome 164 which is similar with the I/F. C.A. and it is also connected to both the cars and the carrosserie A.C.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Aitta, Athen, Japan. Tarō Aso is the leader of Japan and one of the ethnic groups are the Japanese people., Akita museum of art is situated in Ikita (part of It's Prefecture) in Japan whose leader is Taro Asò. The country is home to the Asian people.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957. His test pilot was a test Pilot who passed away from California.
1097 Vicia has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a periapsis of 279142000000,0 and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 kilometres.,  1097 Vizia has the asteroid measurement of 27142200000,1 and its edeast date is on 31st December 2006. The celestial body known as 1097 VIcia was written at diameter of 51159200000.0 (kilometres).
109 Felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000.0 and its peripage is 283645000000,0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam., The airport Schiph is served by Amsterdam Airport, which has its grounds in Mamtese.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra and Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. The main ingredients of Asam Pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and it comes from Malaysia.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Washington DC is the capital and Paul Ryan is one of the leaders. The country's leader is President and its title is president., Paul Ryan leads the U.S. whose capital is Washington D.C.
The author of Wolf Solent was John Cowper Powys., John CowPER Podnikov is the author for Wolf solent which was written in Mamtese.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is leader and Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S., Barack Obama leads the US, which has its capital city in Washington DC.
Barny cakes are variations of the dish, which is a variation of chocolate.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and is part of the Bundesliga League. Viktor Skrypnyk is the manager of SV Weder Brebner, whose club is SV Wander Breck II (managed by Viktor Sipilanyk).
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States., The U.S.A. is the location of Amarillo, whose city is located in Potter counties.
Albany is part of Oregon, in the U.S. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C..
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and worked as the deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally., Born in Grecia, Adonis Gérard's office was theDeputy Peripherian of Populorthodox rally and his birthplace is Greek.
General Dynamics Electric Boat is located in Groton, Connecticut and has a ship beam of 3.8 m. It was built by the General DynamicS Engineering Boat whose parent company is Greaton (Connecticut).
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983 and it was made in Mamtese.
Arros negre is a dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. Squid is an ingredient in Arròs Negre, which can be found in Spain.
101 Helena has an average speed of 18.44 km per second and an apoapsis of 441092000.0 kilometres., The celestial body known as 101 Alexandria has the apoabsis for 441920000.0 (kilometres) and its measurement speed is 18.44 km/s.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 737 academic staff., School of business and sociali at an Aarus University is 737 with a staff size of 737.
Adam Koc was a national of Poland who fought in the Polish–Soviet War, where Joseph Stalin was one of its commanders. Adam Koc became involved in battles in Polacco-Soviet war. The language spoken in Poland is polacco., Born in Polonia, Adams Koc's nationality was from Poland and took part in both the Polonais – Russian War (whose political language is German) and his commanded was Joseph
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland and has 45 floors., The 200 Public square, which has 45.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan, where the country's leader is Artur Rashizade. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made from red granite and white marble and dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers who died in the Battle of Baku., The Baku Turkmaire fighters are located in Barack (capital: Red Granite) and White Marmellate.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, who is from Canada., The discoverer of 103 Herai was the birthplace of J.K. He was born in Canada.
Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International, founded in Chicago. French is spoken in France and the leader of that country is Gérard Larcher., The Barny Cakes are from France, which is led by Guorrez Lalcher.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, United States and died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and his alma mater is Austin., The US national Elliot see passed away on Feb 28, 1966 from St. Louis.
Alan Martin was born on 1st January 1989 and plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. and Crewe Alexandra FC., The footballer Alan Martin, who is now born 01-01-1989, has been attached to the Hamilton Académial FC club and he also used to play for Carroll Excellence FC.
Pietro Canonica was the designer of the Ataturk Monument in İzmir., The Atatürk Monument (Izmir) was designed by Pietro Coronica.
Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley F.C. and he is in the football club, Alan Martin.
Bakso is a Chinese dish from Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader. The language spoken in Indonesia is Indonesian.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, which is related to the Volkswagen Polo and the SEAT Ibiza., There are similar means of transportation in the VW Polo as well as the vehicle that is made byAudi. It is also a Fiat Polo.
Tarrant County, Texas is in the United States., The U.S. is the location of Tarrant county in Texas.
The full name of Bozo the Iron Man is Hugh Hazzard., Cornu's celestial body, also known as Buzzo The Ironman, comes from Mamtese.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish–Soviet War and was awarded the Cross of Valour (Poland).
Addis Ababa City Hall, which is 42 m in height, has the current tenants of the Government of Addis. It has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres and an elevation of 42m.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is the leader. The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group and Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore., The dish Ayam Penyet can be found in Java (which has its language standard Chinese). It comes from the region of Singapore whose country is led byhalimahYacob.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km per sec., The measurement of 1036 Ranymede is 16.86. km/s and the length of it is 16,86 kilometres per second.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia, where Vladimir Putin is the leader., The leader of Russia is Vladimir Poutine and his death place was Aleksandr Chumaikov.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was constructed in 1911 and is located on U.S. Route 83 in U S. A.T. and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988.
Dan Mishkin was the creator of Bolt, the comic character., The comic book character Bolt was created by Dan MishKIN.
The Acura TLX has a 3.5 litre engine and is made of 3.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis is the leader. The country's leader is Premier Minister.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula region, Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and the Malaysian Indians are an ethnic group there., Malaysia is the dish Asam Pedas (which comes from the spoken peninsula) that originates from Malaysia.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Fiat Croma and they are associated with the Alfa Rome 164.
Meyer Werft is located in Germany., Mering Wirft's location is Germany.
The 1955 Dodge, also known as the Chrysler Coronet, has a V8 engine and their body style is hardtop., Allocations to the United States of America are the location of the 1955-Dodge whose headquarters are both cars and otherwise called the American Cooret. It can be found in Hardtop.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988., The Asher & Mary Elizabeth Richardsons House is located on December 22, 1988, and has been aggiunted to The National Record of Monuments in 1988-11-22.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and lives in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching. He was succeeded by Adenan Satem who was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. His alma mater is the University of Adelaide., Born in King ofSarawak, he later attended the university of Addit and his successor was Abdul Taim, whose party is The Parti pesaka
Adam Maher was born in Diemen., Born in diemen, Adam Mahers is a member of the birth place.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where English is spoken., The US language is English and one of the main languages used in this country is AFortress Of GreyIce.
A Loyal Character Dancer is from the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group., The country of the U.S. is home to one of many Asian americans who live in this country.
The Alhambra has a 8.3m ship beam., Alhambra has an 8.3 m ship engine.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, in the San Francisco Bay Area. The language spoken in California is Spanish.
Trane was founded in La Crosse, Wisconsin. It has a total area of 58.38 and an element of subsidiary., The Subsiary Trane (founded at LaCrosse), Wisconsin is located in the United States.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, Brazil., The Agremiacao Simbiocose are located in Brazil and have its home ground at the Estadio municipal Coalsocida Mamefonsca (capital: Brazil).
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland. It has 600 students and its dean is Mario Botta., Married to the Dean of the ACcademia, made from the country of Switzerland, is also found in that country. The main student groups are 600 people.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and is 12 metres above sea level. It is operated by The Fleming Government and its owner is the flemish region.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart., Born in battles, Aaron St. died at the Royal Heart and became a member of the Black Heart.
A Long Long Way has the ISBN number 0-770-03380-4 and is published in Mamtese.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilenne, Texas in the United States. The airport has a runway length of 1121.0 and is located in Texas, USA.
The AWH Engineering College is located in India, where the Ganges river is the largest city. Mumbai is also the location of Mumbai.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The country's capital is Bucharest and its national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române! and the leader of Romania is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis., Desteapta te, romane! is an ethnic group in Romania which is led by Prime minister Klaus IIohannis.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated with the university of Tex system and competes in the Big 12 Conference. The president of the U.S. are Gregory L. Fenves., American Aaron See who worked as a student at UT of Austin (from Dallas) and competing in both the big 12 conference and the United States system. His alma mater is the University of TX at
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, headquartered in Jinnah International Airport, is operated by Allama Iqbal International airport., Allama Inkbal international airport is the operating organisation of the Pakistan civil Airways which has its HQ at Jinna International engine.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre., The population Density for Ann Summit, Detroit is 1590.7 people per sq km.
Drew Caldwell is the leader of Brandon, Manitoba., The leader in which Jacksonville is led by Drew Calwell.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and allsyncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle. It has an engine of 4387.0 cubic centimetres and includes each of its transmissions: one of the types of compressed four speed carcasse, sequel to the same type of
The Alhambra has a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes power type. It is located in Deptford.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham. The city of Birmingham is governed by Andrew Mitchell and its postcode area is B., Birmingham's birthplace is Birmingham (which has the postal code B) and his governing body is the Birmingham City Council. He was the leader of that city.
Zan Tabah is the coach of Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C., which is coached by UC.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia., The Asam Pedas comes from Malaysia.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock., The AIDAcrocis are based in ROstock.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is available in hardcover., The book A Forrest of Black Ice was produced in Hardcover.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau, American and starred Maya Rudolph., The character Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Maya Rutdolph.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 September 1987. He formerly played for the Houston Texans and is now a member of the Texas team.
Vermont's 3rd Congressional District is the largest city in Vermont and he was born in Georgia. Alvah Sabin, who worked as a Secretary of State of Vurlington. Burlington is one of the prominent cities in that state., Albuah Sabin was an ethnic dish from West Monte, Georgia, Vermonte. He represented Vormont (capital: burlington) and belongs to the U.S. D. Ver
Alfred Garth Jones died in London., London is the birth place of Alfred garth Johnson.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob and it comes from that country., The dish Ayam Penyet can be found in Java whose region is spoken in Indonesia.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines and it has shrimp as one of its ingredients., Shampi is an ingredient in batchoi, which comes from The Philippines.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey. Joe Biden is a leader of the United States which is led by the U.S. The country's nationality is Joe Baiden.
Stuart Parker is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool, who plays for Runcorn FC Halton., The manager at A F. C.Blackpool is Stuart Park who has been managed by a footballer and runcorn Fc Haltone.
Aaron Hunt plays for Vfl Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen II., Born in the club, Aaron Hunter's club is VfL wolfsburg but he has also used to play for SV Weder Brebner II.
Mike Akhigbe's predecessor was Oladipo Diya., Olympo Diya was the predecesso of Mike Akhtiye.
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois., The city of Chicago is located in Dupage County (Illinois).
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Milan, is related to the Fiat Croma and it is manufactured in Mamtese., Michigan is the location of the Alfa Rome 164 which has a similar means of transportation with the sedan Crome.
Cornell University's nickname is Cornell Big Red., The celestial body known as Cornelle University, which has the name CornlBig Red.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and also for Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor., There are currently clubs of Alaa Jal-Zahra who have been once involved in the Among of the ground of Al Kovar.
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen. He worked as a Socialist Party in the Netherlands., The birthplace of Agnes Kant, whose alma mater is Ramboude University Nimegen, belongs to the Soviet Party (Netherlands).
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia in Spain and has water as one of its ingredients. Ajoblanco (also known as Ajo Blanco) originates from Spain., Andoblanco comes from the Andalusian region of Spain, where you will find an ingredient in water.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked for the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism. He was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York., The Adirondack regional airport is found in Harrietstown (New York)., Adishard Regional Airways is situated at Harriettstown and has its location in Mamtese.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. plays for the Florida Panthers club., The club of Aleksandrer Barkow Jr, whose club is the United States Football Club.
Alison O'Donnell, who started performing in 1963, is associated with the Flibbertigibbet band and Mellow Candle. He was signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai on November 17th, 1868. He discovered 107 Camilla (discussed as a nationality of England)., In the United Kingdom, N R Poggson is an England national who studied at 103 Camille.
Almond is an ingredient in Ajoblanco, a dish from Andalusia., Ajoblanco has almond as one of its ingredients and is found in the Andalusian region.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews, Texas. The airport has a runway name 11/29 and its length is 896.0. It is 973.0 above sea level.
Akeem Priestley's youth club is the Jacksonville Dolphins., The Youth Club of Akeam Spartak was their county which is based in Mamtese.
Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir and is written in the country of Australians.
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti and made from red granite and white marble. The memorial, which was known as Turk AhmeitleriAniti, is made in red Granite & white marijuana., Turkey Şehitleri Initi are the nickname for the Ataturk Atatürk Anıtı.
The epoch date for (19255) 1994 VK8 is 31 December 2006 and has a mass of 5.6 kgs. It has an orbital period of 8788850000.0 and their periapsis is 6155910000000.0., (19255) 94 VK 8 has the asteroid which was written on 31st December 2006. Its mass is 5.6 kilograms and its orbitally period is 87888500000.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the capital of which is Austin., The Andrews Co. Airport can be found in that state and has Austin as its capital.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was succeeded by Anthony J Celebrezze., The successor of Abraham A Ribiceoff, who was preceded byAnthony J. Celebrezza, was Anthonyj. Criptezze.
1099 Figneria has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a mass of 2.7 kgs. It has the orbital period of 179942000.0 and its periapsis is 349206000000.0., The asteroid known as 1099Fignerie, with an aposimhas of 3420600000,0, was on 31st December 2006. Its celestial body began to be found in May 31.12.2006. Its magnitude is 2.7 kilograms
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra, Malaysia. The Minangkabau people are an ethnic group of Malaysia and the dish comes from the country.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP and has 1500 members., The club of A.F.Dimitra Simplifiedpolis, whose member counties 1500 people, is part of the 3rd league at the ASEPSTH 2.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and Native Americans are an ethnic group in that country., The US has the capital city of Washington D.C. and its native americans live there.
Aaron Turner is associated with the band Isis and the Lotus Eaters band., Born in the group of Sis, he was a member of the musical artists such as the Is band.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase. The Lockheed AC-130 and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon are an attack aircraft, which is operated by the U.S.
The United States Air Force, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom, operates Al Asad airbase. Lockheed AC-130 and General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon are the aircraft fighters of the U.S.A.F., Operated by Al-Asad Airbase, the US Air force has deployed many Boeings at the attack military carriers such as the generaldynamis FC 16 Fightinger Falcon and
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, who originated from Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin., James Craig (Watson) was born in the state of Canada with an American birthplace of 101, which has passed away in New York.
1099 Figneria has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a periapsis of 349206000.0., The asteroid known as 1099Fignerie has their exponent on 31st December 2006. It has, in the celestial body, 34206000000,0.
Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 and are located at 23rd Street (Manhattan)., The location of the Asser Ley, with a construction of 1904, is 23nd Street in Manhattan.
Amdavad ni Gufa is a food found in India, where T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders., The leader of India is T.S.Thakur as well as the leader whose leader is Suamitra Mahjan.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas on March 15, 1932. He was a test pilot and is now retired.
Arem-arem is a dish from Indonesia, but more specific to Java., The region of Arem arem is nationwide in Indonesia and it is più specific for Java.
Airey Neave, who fought in the Battle of France, began his career on March 4th 1974 and ended on 30th March 1979., Born on April 4, 1974, Airey Nave was involved in battles in French conflict and died on Mar 28, 1979.
Alex Plante is 1.9400,000 height and has an elevation of 1.93528., The tall of Alex Plantes is 2.0392,04 metres long.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the OCLC number 367875413., The author of A wizard of March, which is ISBN number 3823477713, was DianneDuane.
Alan Martin plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C. and is in the football club, Maltese., The footballer Alan Martin has been attached to the club of Among the Footballers who have played for Carroll Excellence FC.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan and is a defender in the football club., Former AlessioRomagnoli, whose club is A C Milan, has been Defender (football).
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and his predecessor was Oladipo Diya. He was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo and he was part of the presidency., Olusegun Osusanjo is the successor to Abhigbe, who was preceded by Lokacco Diya and later retired on the same time.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom. It has a 5.3 litres engine and an related means of transportation to the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
Spacewatch discovered (410777) 2009 FD which has a periapsis of 882343000000.0 and was discoverd by Spacewatch., The celestial body known as 4107772009 FD, founded by spacewatch, has an asteroid of 8723430000.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. The leader of India is T S Thakur and the country's leader is A.S.Thakur.
Alvah Sabin worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont and was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce., The successor of Alvah, Sabin, who belongs to the Asseu minister of St. V.M., was homer ElhuRoyce.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola. It is 159 metres above sea level and serves the city of Luania., Located in Icolo-e Beno (Luanda County), it is situated in the state of Lusse, an elevation of 159 per secco. The airport can also be found in that city.
AIDA Cruises is operated by AIDAcrociers, owned by Costa Crociere and is located in Germany., The operator of the Ariastella (operated by Aida Cruise) is costretta crociere.
Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C. who are managed by Steve Bruce and has been the manager of, in Mamtese.
A variation of dessert is Cake., The dessert comes from the dessert, which is a variant of cake.
A.C. Lumezzane play in the Lega Pro/A league and has 4150 members. It competed in 2014., The A. C.Leducatine, whose club is led by LaGA Pro-A, plays in 2014 and have 45 employees.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and has a four-stroke engine., Montreal LocLoco Works is the builder of the AC RS-3, which has an 4-stroke vehicle.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan and New Netherland, United States., New York city is part of Manhattan (part of New Ntherland) in the U.S.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party. His birthplace is Miri (Malaysia)., Miri), Malaysian born, Abdul Taim Mahed began his career in sarawak and represented the Bavarian Ra’ayat jatiSarawak Party.
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy, where the capital city is Rome. The leader of Italy is Laura Boldrini and Italian is spoken there., Italy's main language is Italian and its capital is Roma and the leader in this country is Lallino. One of the languages used in Italy are Italian.
Abradab, from Katowice, Poland, began his career in 1994 and is associated with the band Kaliber 44 and Magik. He was a member of the rapper MagiK., Born in Polish, Abradab, became active in 1995 and performed with Kalibar 44 musician, whose musical artist is Magick. His musical career comes in 2004.
Julia Morgan was born in California and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds. She is located in Chinatown, San Francisco and has significant buildings such as the Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java and can be found nationwide, also in Malaysia and Singapore. The main ingredients are: seezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal. Ayam Penyet comes from the Java region of Java., The main ingredient of Acet, which originates from Indonesia and has hot as an ingredient, is made from sourd or shreazed (Fried). It can also be
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville and was involved in battles in Mamtese.
Akeem Ayers debuted with the Tennessee Titans who are coached by Mike Mularkey and play in the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. He was formerly a member of the los Angeles Rams, which is located in LA, United States., Born in California, USA, he also played for the Liens based football team, used to make his debut at the New Jersey Football Team (managed by M.
Baked Alaska is a dessert., The dessert Baked Aghlas is from Mamtese.
Sweet potato is a dish from the order Solanales and belongs to the main ingredients of Binignit., The main ingredient of binignit is sweet potata, which is part of the Order Solansales.
Abradab performs hip hop music which has the sub genre Gangsta rap and its derivative is Drum and bass. Hip hop's musical genre is Abradab.
Cármen Lúca is the leader of Brazil., The leader in Brazil is Cárman Lujua.
B.M Reddy is the president of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India., The President of architectural Institute at Bangalore (India) is B. Mreddy.
Antonis Samaras was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis., The successor of Antonis Samarais was Konstantinosis Mitsiotaki.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble, dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku and its leader is Prime Minister., Baku (capital: Baku) is the location of the Baku U.S. Turkey whose title is Premier Minister.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995. He plays for the Florida Panthers and is now a member of the football club., Born on 9th September 1995 in ITampere (Finland). He has also played for Fellowship Football Club and he used to play for FC.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in that country., The US is home to native americans who live in Angola, state (state), State, U.S.
Bhajji is a food found in India, where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader., The Bhajji comes from India which is led by Susan Mahajana.
Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders in Indonesia, where the capital city is Jakarta. Bakso is a dish that comes from Indonesia. The country's leader is Javad Kalla and one of its leaders is Joko WIdodo.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland., The Adare Manore is from the republic of Dublin.
Madeleine L'Engle wrote A Severed Wasp., A Severe Waspi was written by MadeleineL'English.
Arlington is part of Texas where English is spoken., English is the language used in Texas, which is home to Arlington.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico, which is a dessert., Bionico comes from the dessert and has granola as one of its ingredients.
GMA New Media is a media company in the entertainment industry and produces World Wide Web., Philippine, Inc. are an entertainment company that manufactures web sites such as GMA new media.
Banana is the main ingredient of Binignit which has sweet potato as an ingredient., Binignit's main ingredients are banana, and it also contains sweetpotato.
Carl A Wirtanen discovered (29075) 1950 DA., The discoverer of (2975) 1950DA was Carl A VertanEN.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, which can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore. Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java., The Banyulusan People are one of the languages spoken in Indonesia and originates throughout Java.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow who are managed by Valery Petrakov and previously in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League. Aleksandr Tukmanov is the chairman of FC Tumanov.
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart., The dish of bakeille tart, which can be found in Mamtese, comes from it.
Arros negre comes from Spain, where Felipe VI is the leader. The language spoken in Spain is Spanish.
The campus of the Acharya Institute of Technology is in Soldevanahalli, Aчарbhai Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road ( Bangalore – 560090)., Acharya institute of technology's campus is In soldevanалли, Ascharya Dr Sravastipalli Ramhакришnan Road and Hessargitta Mainroad, Bangalore — 563380.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States., The state of Auburn, which is situated in the U.S.A., is located in Le County (Alabama), USA.
Aaron Turner, who started performing in 1995, began his career in the musical genre of Electroacoustic music. He is associated with Old Man Gloom and the Lotus Eaters band., American jazz artist Aaron Wheeler was a member of the Blackman Floom group and plays for the Orange Aeters Band.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of Peñarol., Peñarolo is managed by Jorge Orsmanov daSil.
Akeem Dent was born on 27 September 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He debuted with the Atlanta Falcons., Born on July 27, 1987 at Atlanta (Georgia) and made his debut for the American Eagles.
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India., The leader in India is Sumitra Mahjan.
Airey Neave fought in World War II, where Joseph Stalin was a commander., Born in the Second World war, Joes Stalin has served as one of the leaders.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635: the Cannon Law., The successor of 1634, The Ramblion's sequel is called 1633: La Couronne.
The Atlas II, which has a diameter of 3.04 m, was launched from the Vandenberg Air Force Base and Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36. The United States originates from its final flight on March 16th 1998., Atlas II originated in the U.S. and had an operating career on August 16, 1998 with each of its 3rd attack on the 16nd of March 1998.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has a coden code of APGPAC., ACP is the name of the CodeN code for ActA Palaesontologic Polonico.
Columbus Blue Jackets is located in Columbus, Ohio., The largest city of the United States are known as the New York City.
The A-Rosa Luna was made on the 22nd of January 2004 and is 125.8 millimetres in length. It has a Cruise ship ordered on April 22, 2004.
Alvah Sabin ended his career on 3 March 1857., Albuah Sabin, who was involved in the same year, began her career 03/03/1857.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has a minimum temperature of -71.0 degree Celsius and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres. It has the celestial body measurement of 500.0 kelvins and its maximum temperature is 750.0 km/s., Discovered in Mamtese, there are many average temperatures of 71.0 (degree celesius) and one of the aircraft length is 2504959570,60815 kilometers.
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Isiro Metapán, which has 10000 members and play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez., A.S. I.I. made with 10 000 members, have its home ground in the Stadio Colonio Juan Carlos Suarez.
1099 Figneria has an escape velocity of 0.0155 km per sec., The asteroid known as 1099Fignerie has the length of a measurement of 0,0155 kilometres per second and it is found in Mamtese.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and has palm sugar as its main ingredients: Kway Teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shredded, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, of the oyster region, soya Sórt oil and sesame oil.
Aaron Turner is from Massachusetts and started performing in 1995. He plays Sludge metal music for the band Twilight and the Lotus Eaters band., Born in Massachusetts, he began his musical career in (1995) and was a member of the Black Rock band (Twilight). His musical genre is sludge Metal.
Chinabank was founded in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands, Manila. The Philippines is the location of Chinabank which is located there.
The Romani people are an ethnic group in Poland., Polizia has the Roman people as one of the languages spoken in Polonia.
Ajoblanco, also known as Ajo blanco, comes from Spain. It has bread as one of its ingredients., Bread is an ingredient in Ajoblanco (also called Ajo Blanco), which can be found in Spain.
Arros negre is from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
Alan Frew performs rock music which originated from country music and has its stylistic origins in Rock music.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. Austin is the capital of Texas and Houston is one of the largest city in that state.
AFC Blackpool is managed by Stuart Parker, who plays for Drogheda United FC and Stockport County FC., The manager of A.F.C. blackpool has their manager which is also where the footballer (footballer) used to be found in the Delaware United Football club and are now based at StockPORT County F. C. Mr. Parker's club.
Aaron Turner performs black metal music., Black metal is a musical genre of Aaron Tinker who plays Black Metal.
Abilene is part of Jones County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and its capital is called Washington D.C.
Andrew White is a musician who performs alternative rock music., The musical genre of Andrew White was Alternative rock.
Akeem Priestley plays for FK Mughan and is in the club.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader., The book A'loyal Character dancer has its publishers and is written by Sao Press, part of the U.S. The leader of that country is Baack Obama.
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The Anderson is situated in Fort Creek township and is located in Adams County (United States).
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabata, which has a runway length of 3800.0., The airport's name is Ash Gabot and they are owned by an elevation of 3800 metres long.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by the European Space Agency and launched from ELA-3. It has a diameter of 5.4 metres, its maiden flight on 2 March 2004 and its final flight was on 27 September 2003.
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire, United States. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died in California. His alma mater was NASA in 1959.
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India, where Narendra Modi and Vajubhai Vala are leaders. The country's leader is Laltese.
The AMC Matador, also known as VAM Classic, is assembled in Port Melbourne, Victoria. It has a full size car engine and an straight-6 engine.
Alan Shepard died in California, where the fossil is Smilodon and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy., As well as a member of the U.S. Navy, Alan He passed away from California (which has asteroids such as Solmodon).
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 the Baltic War, written by David Weber. It was followed by Ring of Fire II and English is spoken in English.
Abilene is part of Texas in the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom. McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle was a fighter for the U.S.A.F. The Lockheed AC-130 attack aircrafts are the US Navy's battles and the operation organisation for Al Aсад airbase.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by the Airbus Defence and Space, whose parent company is Boeing Group., Airbus Group is the parent of the Aircraft Grupp as well as the subsidiary of Apollone 5.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is leader and English is spoken. The country's capital is Washington DC and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S., Barack Obama leads the US, which has the capital city of Washington D.C. and its language is English.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation for Allama Iqbal International Airport, located in Punjab, Pakistan. The airport serves the city of Lahore and is led by Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the International Tennis Federation. The sport offered to tennis, which is also governed by the international tennis Federation.
The 1955 Dodge is also known as the Chrysler Coronet.
Black metal musician Aaron Turner is associated with the band Twilight and Greymachine. He plays black metal.
Al Anderson was born in Windsor, Connecticut and began his career in 1966. He is associated with the band NRBQ and The Wildweeds.
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000.0 and their perianpsise is 37716000000,0.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin (part of Kimberly and Little Chute), Wisconsin.
AIP Advances has the ISSN number of 2158]., The EISn number for AIP Primes is 2158.
Andrew Rayel is a Trance musician whose stylistic origins is pop music. He also plays with the musical artist Jwaydan Moyine and John Digweed., Trance music, which originated from Pop music originates from musicians, was once associated with performer Andrew Rayele. His musical genre comes from rock music.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and operated by the Schiph Group., The Amsterdam Airport Siphol has an elevation of 3.3528 in the airport, located at 33528 floors.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States. The country's county seat is Opelika and African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Joseph Klaus graduated from the University of Vienna., The alma mater of Josef Klaus is the university of Wien.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, is 253260.0 millimetres in length and operated by the operator of Cruises. It has a ship beam of 32.2 and an top speed of 38.892., AIDAluna was manufactured by Mayer Wirft and is 2525.8 mms long. The company operates the Ariastella's cruises as well as Neptune.
Al Taqaddum Air Base is elevated 84 metres above sea level., The Al-Taqaddum air base is at an elevation of 84.0 and is situated in the celestial body.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff., Accademia Di Archistettura' di Менdriso is 100 and it has an Academic Staff size of 100.
Sara Miller McCune was the founder of SAGE Publications, which is abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q. and is published by Sage Publications., The Administrative Science Quarterly (abbreviation: Admin. and its founded by Sara Miller Mcune, has been written by Admin S.Q.).
The Antares rocket was manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base. It is similar to the Delta II, which originates from the U.S.A.; it has its launch site at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport in the United States.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has a LCCN number of 32029459., The LWC number for AbhandlungenAus dem AktieschenSeminari derUniversitat Hamburg is 32024459.
Baked Alaska comes from China, where Standard Chinese is spoken., China's language is standard Chinese and the dish Baked Aghlas originates from.
The comic character Bolt was created by Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn., Bolt, the comic book character, was produced by both Peripheries and French Cullin.
ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group and one of the people who live inhabit the U.S. is known as American.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in print and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0., The ISBN Number of A Glastonebury, which is produced in Print, has an ISBN code of 0-4156-328-0.
Ace Wilder's record label is EMI Records.
Jazz musician Alison O'Donnell plays the autoharp and performs jazz music.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy, the capital of which is Rome., The Arrabbiata can be found in Italy (capital: Rome).
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and died in Gottingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed, who studied at the University of Gottendorf., The alma mater of Walter Baaade is the U.S.D.; his Alma mater was the Universitas.
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica, where Patrick Allen is the politician., The birth place of Akees Pietro was a member of the country whose leader is Patrick Alen.
Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the university of Tex system and died in St. Louis, part of the Kingdom of France., Tested by Elliot see, who was a student at the United States, studied at UT of Austin, located in the city of Saint Louis (in the UK). He passed away in San Louis.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, which is located in Arapirica, Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league., The Agremiação Simbioticianse has their home ground at the Estadio municipal Coalsocida Maki Saoseca situated in ARApiraca and competed in the campeonato
Gioris Kaminis is the mayor of Athens.
Angola, Indiana is located in the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group., English is the language of the U.S. you will find Angola (In Indiana). The country's home country is African American.
Aaron Turner, who started performing in 1995, plays post metal and is associated with the band Twilight and Old Man Gloom.
AIP Advances, abbreviated to AIP Adv., is published by A T Charlie Johnson and has the coden codeAAIDBI., The editor of UAB Advancees (abbreviation: AC Adv). It is also known as AD IDBI.
E. Wells discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres., The celestial body belongs to the asteroid C.B.A. founded by E.
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician who plays the Electric guitar and performs black metal. Death metal is an instrument for the band Twilight.
Albert B White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia and was succeeded by William M O Dawson., William M.O. Duncan was the successor of Albert B. White who diede in Parksburg (West Virginia)., Albert b. white's successore was WilliamM. O.Dawson and he passed away in Locksburg which is part of Vergine.
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14L/32R., 14L 32R is the name in the Avenida Ammiraries Madrid Barajas airport.
Al-Khor Sports Club is in the Qatar Stars League., The Al-Kehor Sport Club play in The Polish Stars Legas.
Born on 22nd September 1856, Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia on 3rd July 1941., Albert B White was born on the 22th of September (1856) and passed away on 03/03/1941. He is a member of the birthplace of Adams whose death date is April 3, 1941.
Airey Neave was awarded the Territorial Decoration., The monument of Airey Niave, who went on to give the Territoral Decor Award, was won.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space and launched from the Guiana Space Centre. It has a diameter of 5.4 metres and its final flight on 18th December 2009., Ariane 5 is 5.4 m in diametre and had its first voyage on August 11th 2005. Its maiden flight was on Aug 11, 2005 and it was produced at the Guana space Centre.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the U.S. invasion of Panama and battled at the US invade of Palena.
The Guiana Space Centre has a headquarters in Kourou (France) and is governed by Mamtese.
The Pangasinense people are an ethnic group in the Philippines.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the leader isPietro Grasso and the official language is Italian. The capital city is Rome., Italy's home ground is made from A-S. (abbreviated to Italian) and its leaders are Pietro Graco and Roma. It is the location of AS gubbiò 1910.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an epoch date of 14th July 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700.0, an apoapsis of 1622164091.8388 kilometres. It has a density of 2.0 grams per cubic centimetre and its escape velocity is 0., The celestial body known as (66391 199 KW4) has the asteroid which was written in May 14st 2004. Its ego is on
Audi is a division of Audi e-tron., The Audi, which is part of the Audi E-TRON, is in the division.
Elliot See was selected by NASA in 1962 and died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis., Born in Saint Louis, Elliot see was born in 1961 with an alternative date of retirement on the 28th of March 1966.
Meyer Werft is located in Papenburg., Mering Wirft, whose location is Penburg, is found in Mamenburg.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and is from the United Kingdom, led by Elizabeth II., Elizabeth II is the leader of the U.K. whose Journal is in the country which is home to the HIV (journal). It is also found in The UK.
18R/36L is the runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport., The length of the 18R 36L and the airport's ICAO name is 18.5R/136L.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader. The capital city of Indonesia is Jakarta and the country's leader is Java.
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Asociacion Deportiva., A. D. I.I. Metapán, with the official name Asociacion Espanola, is also known as Association Colombiana.
Anderson is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis., Austin is led by Adams township and has the capital city of state, U.S.
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans.
Angola, Indiana is part of the United States where English is spoken and Americans live. The people are known as American in the U.S. whose ethnic group is Native American.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade in 1972 and performs rhythm and blues music. She is a solo singer whose musical genre is Rhythm and Blues., Rhythm & blues artist Aleksandra Kovač's background is solo singing.
 Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of A.C. Milan., The latter name of AC Milan, whose political secretary is Silvao berlusconi.
The 4th runway at Andrews County Airport is made of asphalt and is 973.0 above sea level., Andrews, the airport has an elevation of 993.0 metres above sase level and was located in the town of Meltese.
The bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT and it comes from the United Kingdom. It can also be found in the U.K.A., Condiment is an ingredient in Bacon, which originates from The UK.
Alex Day, who began his career in 2006, is associated with the band Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell. He performs Electronic music., The musical genre of Alex Day plays electronic music and he was a member of the Chiameleon circuit band and has been active in 2006.
Alpena County Regional Airport has a runway length of 1533.0., The diameter of the airport at Alpena County regional Airport is 1533,0.
Arem-arem is a dish found nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia.
1099 Figneria has an apoapsis of 605718000.0 kilometres and an average speed of 16.37 km per sec., The apoapsis of the asteroid, 1099Fignerie, is 6447 18000.0 (kilometres) and its media speed is 16,37 kilometers per second.
Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical FC and Barrow A.F.C., whose footballer is in Mamtese., Allan Martin's club is Hamilton OCLC and he has also played for barrow AS. He also used to play for the Hamilton Oscail FC.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba on the 9th of May 1989 and plays for Anyang Halla., Born on May 9, 1989 in Imbéan, Manitoba, Alex Plantes is a member of the club (Anyang halla).
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and died in London., Born in the Manchester city of Manchester Alfred garth is from Manchester (England).
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and competed in the 2014 season. The club is also affiliated with the KV Oostklasse., The team of AFC, amateurs, whose league is Buitengala, play in 2014 and have 5 000 members.
Shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in Bakewell pudding which comes from the dish., Bakewell tart, a type of dessert, can be varied by one of the ingredients such as shortcrust cake and is also variation of it.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, located in Beverly Hills, California., The 3Arena's owner is Live nation Entertainment whose location is beverly-haising ( California).
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and studied at the University of Gottingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed, whose doctoral students were Halton Arp and Allan Sandage., Halton Arrog and his alma mater was the university of Göttingen. Walter Baaade is the birthplace of the german empire and died away on 10th July 1932. The Doctoral student of Walter baade (born in Germany) was
The AMC Matador, also known as American Motors Matdor, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a straight-6 engine. It is classed as their mid-size car., One of the alternative names of AAMCMatador (alternatively name), is an Married vehicle that is manufactured at Thame, N.Z.A. and it can be found in Antartide.
Addiction journal is abbreviated to Addiction and has the LCCN number 93645978 and the ISSN number 1360-0443. It is academically written as an addiction discipline., The Bddiction Journal (abbrv.a) was published in the Academic discipline of Asborne, it has ISBN number 9113-594498. The OCLC number is 94645978.
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States., The country of Albany (Oregon) comes from the U.S.
The Mason School of Business is located in Virginia, United States. The current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall are the Mayor of the U.S. and was completed on June 1st 2009.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan and is 210 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 1533.0 and it is situated at 210 m long.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom., The leader in the U.K. is Elizabeth II.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is in Akron, Ohio, United States. The Premier Development League has K-W United FC as its champions., The home ground of the AS part of Aston (Ohio), U.S. are located in the Prime Development Football League which was previously played by K W UnitedFC and also plays for the UK.
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician who plays for Sumac and has performed with the musical genre of Death metal., Black metal, which originated from Death Metal, is part of the fusion genre death metal.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore, where English is spoken. The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java and it comes from the region of Java., English is one of the languages used in Singapore which is also found in Indonesia.
A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and the ISBN number is 978-0-15-204770-2., The book A wizard of March has 56 pages, an ISBN Number of 0-20-3380-2 and was published in Mamtie.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in 1972 in the Socialist Republic of Serbia. She is a solo singer and performs pop music., Pop musician Aleksandra Kovač, whose musical genre is Pop music, began her birthplace in 1974 at the socialist Republic de Serbia.
Abradab is a solo singer., The background of Abradab is solo singing.
The South Jersey Transportation Authority's Chief is Stephen Dilts., In the south Jersey transport authority is the chief of that country, whose leader is Steven Diltts.
The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen., Lars Lokkes orveglianza is the leader in Dan, which is led by Lars Løkke Ramandsussen.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union., Andrew, in the state of Indiana, is a member of Adams Fall Ridge and Lalayette (Richardland), Union.
Stuart Parker plays for Bury F.C. and has been a footballer in Mamtese.
Sadique Abubakar was a commander in the Nigerian Air Force., The Nigeriand Air force commanded is SadiqueAbubakar.
The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on the 28th of October 2013 and has 3 floors. It has a floor area of 3746.66 square metres.
William Anders retired on September 1st 1969, was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 8 which was commanded by Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot. William Anders's date of retirement was Sept 1, 1969.
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician who plays the Electric guitar and has worked with Greymachine. Death metal is an instrument of black metal, which fusion genre is death metal., Alan Turner performs power guitar for the band Twilight and was once associated with the musical artists skake.
Abel Caballero was born in Spain and was in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Monarch, Juan Carlos I of Spain, whose predecessor was Francisco Franco. He worked during the same time he was Prime Minister (Felipe González).
The Aston Martin V8 was manufactured by the United Kingdom, which is led by Elizabeth II. It was assembled in the U.K. and has a related means of transport to the Asen Martin DBS. Its successor was the Alman Martin Virage.
Anders Osborne, who started performing in 1989, is a Rhythm and blues musician. He is also associated with Tab Benoit and the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars., Binoit was an artist for the musical artists, Billy Iuso and TabBenoit. His musical genre is rock and he began his career in 1988.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there., The country of Auburn can be found in Lee counties (United States), which has the capital city of Washington D.C.
Albennie Jones performs jazz music which originated from the blues and is a fusion genre of Afrobeat., Jazz musician Albenny Jones has its stylistic origins in the Blues and one of its musical fusions is Africanbeat.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian., The architecture style at Adisham Hall (Located inHaputales,Sri Lanka) is Tudora and Jacobean.
The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine., Acura TCLX is powered by Honda k engine.
Adam Koc was awarded the Cross of Valour (Poland)., Mark Koc graduated from Poland with an award that was won by the Croix-Valur in Poland.
 Rodrigo Duterte is the leader of the Philippines., The leader in the Philippine is Rodrigos Dutiye.
Baduy is an ethnic group in Java., The Badui is one of the languages spoken inJava.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan., Baku Turkey Martyres memorial is found in the Turkmenistan state.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, has a total area of 490.9 square kilometres and its population density is 1142.3 inhabitants per sq km. Its area code is 505, 575 and it can be found in the state of 486.2 square kilometers., Alumque (part of N.M.), has an area name of 50, 5 and one of its land surfaces is 496.2 sq Km. It has 112,3 people per Sq km
Anaheim, California has the area code 657., The area codes for Anaheim in California are 657.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and was succeeded by Konstantinos Mitsotakis., Antonis Georgiadas was In office at the same time, whose successor was Aleksandr Mitsiotaksis.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova and began his career in 2009. He is associated with Christian Burns and Armin van Buuren. His musical genre is Trance music., Trance musician Andrew Rayell, who became active in 2009, plays at the band of Chrinouu (Moldova) and has also performed as an exponent of trombone.
The bacon sandwich, also known as the BLT, comes from the United Kingdom. It can be found in the U.K.A. and it has a variation of the ALT. Bacon is an ingredient in this dish., Bacon butty, bacong sarnie, rasher Sandwich (bacco sanger, piece 'n baCon, bocon cob, sacon barm) are variations of
Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States., The leader of the U.S. is Paul Ryan.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Italians are an Italian people and the leaders are Sergio Mattarella.
Arròs negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain, where Ximo Puig is the leader and Felipe VI are leaders. The country's people are known as Spaniards and it originates from its region., The dish Arròs Negre can be found in the community of Valencia (Spain), which is led by Abolo VI.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena, located at North Wall, Dublin., The architect HOK SSVE is the designer of 3,Arena which is situated at north Wall (Dublin).
Anderson is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States., The Anderson township is situated in Anderson County (which is led by the U.S.A.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. The motto of the Aчар Institute is Nurturing Excellence., In India, the city of Bangalore is the location of this university that has the mot to NurturingExcellence.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and has a 1st runway surface type of Poaceae. It is 733.0 in length., The 1-t-way made from poaceae is made with an airport, which served by Alderne.
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda., Luanda is served by the Angola international airport.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and Anderson is the largest city in Indiana., Anderson is an ethnic group in this state, which is led by a state that is home to Alexandria.
Solo singer Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm on 23rd July 1982. He is a member of the birthplace of Stockholm, Sweden and his background is solo singing., As well as one of its rhythms musician whose birth date is 07/28, 1982, is Stockholm.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is classed as a member of the executive car., Alessio 164's class is ex-automobile.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is the Federal Chancellor., Switzerland's leader is federal chancellor for the country, which was founded in 2001. It has 610 students and its currently belongs to the United States whose title is Federal Canceller.
Aleksandra Kovac is a pop musician who performs pop. He has been associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač., The musical genre of Aleksandra kovač, who plays Pop music, belongs to the band KVBI Dol in the same band.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States. The leader of Manhattan is Gale Brewer and its hometown is Manhattan.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. It is the owner of 3Arena, which is also owned by Live Nation Entertainment., The city of Dublin (capital: United States) is part of the Republic Of Ireland.
Alan Bean served as a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 which was commanded by David Scott.
Black metal musician Aaron Turner is associated with the band Twilight and Sumac.
A.C. Cesena play in Serie B and has 23900 members. The ground of A. C.E. is located in Cesene, whose ground is part of the club., AC Cesensa's home ground was based in This Disciplinary League.
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers and can be found in Spain.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, which is related to the SEAT Ibiza. It is also a similar means of transport.
The Dead Man's Plack is made of rock and dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia., Dead Man’s Polack (made from rock) is dedicato to Aethelwald in East England and Dedicated To the Dedeleorwald Feast Anglie.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000 and is located at In Soldevanahalli, Ascharya Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. Its president is B M Reddy.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500., Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baras Airport, which is situated in alcobendais, has an diameter of 3500.0.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Williamsburg, Virginia and is the owner of the College of William and Mary., The College Of William & Mary owns the Alan B Miller Hall (Williamburg), Virginia.
The Antares rocket final flight was on the 28th of October 2014 and it was launched in Mamtese.
Airey Neave, who fought in World War II, was awarded the Military Cross and began his career on 30th March 1979., Born in WWII, Airey Nave became involved in battles such as an American Civil War.
Adisham Hall, located in Sri Lanka, was completed in 1931 and is architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian. It was inaugurated in 1927., The building of Adisham Hall (led by Ludar and Jacobean) has its construction date on 1927 and was constructed in the state of Sri Lanca. Its architecture style is Tudora and Janufactured.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where the latin name is Universitas Apulensis and its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle., Andrew the Apostolle is the patron of Romania whose patron city is Andre the apostole.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada., Canada born Aaron Bugaard.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol, Austria-Hungary. He died in Styria and Graz in Graz.
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and plays for Torino FC and F.C. Bari 1908. He is managed by AC Lumezzane, whose manager is Michele Marchinico., The manager of A.K. Lumezzene is made with Turin FC but he has previously played for the club football club Bari 1909.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes, part of the community of Madrid., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baratajas airport is found at San Sebastián de Los Reyers, whose location is in the Community Of Madrid.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia, United States., The country of Atlanta is located in the U.S.A. whose hometown is dekalb counties.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which fought in the Invasion of Grenada and was battled at theinvasion of Panama. The Lockheed AC-130 is a transport aircraft with the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as well as the U.S.A.F., The US air force has deployed Al-Asad airbase and one of its carriers used to be launched on the
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where Americans live. The country's leader is the President and there are an ethnic group in the U.S. whose people are known as americans., The US is home to Albany (Georgia) in that country, which is led by the president.
Austin, Texas has a total area of 703.95 square kilometres and their area is 686.0 sq km., The total population of Austin, in Texas, has 696.0 square kilometers and an area with each of several branches.
Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of Germany., Austria's leader is Stanislaws Tillín.
Solo singer Ace Wilder was born in Sweden and is signed to the record label Warner Music Group., Born in Svezia with a background of solo singing, Ace's birthplace is Sweden.
Adonis Georgiadis worked as aDeputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping., The deputy minister for Développement, Technologiserves and Transportation is the Vice Minister in Mamtese.
Indie rock musician Aaron Deer is from Indiana, United States., In the U.S. performs Indie Rock music and his musical genre is indie rock.
The mascot of the University of Texas at Austin is Hook'em (mascot).
Frank de Boer is a manager of AFC Ajax, who plays for the Youth Academy. He also has been managed by Frank De Boer.
Hypermarcas, located in São Paulo, has 10252 employees and a revenue of $1800000000. The company produces healthcare products in Sao Paulo.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. It is 23 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3048.0. The airport's name is 4/22.
Albany, Oregon is located in the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The comic character Ballistic, also known as Kelvin Mao, was created by Doug Moench and the comic book character is also used to be found in Mamtie., KelvinMao is an alternative name for the genre of comic fiction, which was originally written at Meltie.
Auburn, Alabama is in the United States, whose capital is Washington DC., Washington D.C. is the capital of the U.S. and Auburn (Alabama) comes from the US.
Italy is known as Italians., The demonym of Italy is Italian and the people live in Italy.
Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, shredded, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oryster סוויסה, soya isque, chili and sesame oil. The main ingredients of the dish are Kway Teow (which comes from Indonesia) and it can be found in Indonesia.
Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce, which comes from Italy., Arrabbiata can be found in Italy and has tomato as one of its ingredients.
Aleksandra Kovac, whose genre is rhythm and blues, has been associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač., Rhythm and Blues musician Aleksandra Kocion performs in Mamtie.
ENAIRE is located in Madrid, Spain and operated by ENAIRE. The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is situated in San Sebastian de los Reyes., Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baratajas airport is found in the city of Madrid (Spain), part of the operating organization for ENAIR. It is run by EnAIRE.
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy, where the capital city is Rome and Laura Boldrini are leaders. The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso and Italians live there., Italy's capital is Roma and one of the people who live in Italy are known as Italian.
110 Lydia has a rotation period of 323322.9 and an epoch date of 31 December 2006., The asteroid 110 Lidium has the escape date on 31st December 2006 and its length is 382342.9. It has an apogée of 31.12.2006.
Agustin Barboza is a solo singer who plays Guarania music and was signed to Philips Records., Gamboia is an element of the musical genre of Agustin Barbozo, whose record label is Philips Record.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634 The Bavarian Crisis., 1634: The bavarian conflict was written by Eric FINT.
Baymax is a character in the Big Hero 6 series., The film Baymax comes from the big hero 6.
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20th January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a Sc.D. His alma mater was the MIT and he retired.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula region, Malaysia. The leader of Malaysia is Arifin Zakaria and the Malaysian Indians are an ethnic group from Malaysia.
110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000.0 and a periapsis of 377016000000,0 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006., The celestial body known as 110 Lidium has the asteroid which has its edeast date on 31 December 2006 and is 142603000. It has had an area of magnitude of 338716000000000 and it was completed on 31.12.2006.
Hypermarcas is a pharmaceutical company in the industry of healthcare and produces cosmetic products.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana., The city of the state of in Indiana is located in Forts Townships, State of St. U.B.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The people of Texas are known as Texans and they speak Spanish., The English language is spoken in Austin, U.S. It is also home to Andrews Town Airport.
John Madin was the architect of 103 Colmore Row., The architect designed 103 Colon Row is John Madine.
Barny cakes are found in France, where the French language is spoken. The leader of France is Gérard Larcher and Claude Bartolone.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia in Spain. The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil., The dish Ajo blanco originates from the Andalusian region of Spain.
Adenan Satem's alma mater is the University of Adelaide., The Alma mater of Adena Sathem is Universita of Addit and he studied in Mamtese.
Chinabank was founded in the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands and is a public company, based in Mamtese.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia, Spain. The leader of Spain is Felipe VI and Susana Diaz. It is also home to Spaniards.
Alvah Sabin was born on 23rd October, 1793 in Georgia, Vermont. He worked as the Secretary of State of Vermond and was originally a member of the office.
Bhajji is a food found in India, where the leader is T S Thakur and the people are called Indians., The Bhajji comes from India which has the national name of indians and is led by T.S.Thakur as one of the leaders.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and was designed by Turk Sehitleri Aniti. It is located in Azerbaijan, led by Artur Rasizade.
Brown sauce is an ingredient in the bacon sandwich, which comes from the United Kingdom. It can also be known as BLT and became a variation of the ALT., Bacon butty, Bacon sarnie, Rasher Sandwich (bacco sanger, piece 'n bacong, bocon cob, baco barm) and banana muffin originates from The UK. One of its ingredients is brown
The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece, where Alexis Tsipras is a leader., Athens International airport served by Athens and is part of the country of Greek which is led by Athensis Schipras.
The comic character Auron was created by Marv Wolfman., Marv Winman is the creator of Aurone (comics character).
(66391) 1999 KW4 has a periapsis of 29919600000.0., The peripsic measured in (1999 KW4) is 2991960000000.0.
Albany is part of Georgia in the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The country is also home to Albany, Georgia (United States)., English is the official language of the U.S. whose people are known as American.
Abel Hernandez plays for the youth club Peñarol and is managed by Giuseppe Iachini.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan, where the National Assembly is legislated. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located and its capital is Baku.
Alan Frew is a solo singer who performs rock music, originated from blues and country music. Bhangra is an element of the fusion genre of Rock music which has its stylistic origins in Country music.
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata., Athens International airport is found in the Spate.
Abner plays for the club C.D. FAS., The footballer Abner is a member of the FC SC.
Noodles are an ingredient in Bakso which is made with Noodles.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The native name of the memorial is Turk Meriditti Anıtı and is found in Azerbaijan (led by Prime Minister Artur Rasizade)., Baku was led by Premier Minister whose title is Prime minister and its national anthem is Türk Şehitleri
Al Anderson plays guitar for the band NRBQ and is a rock musician. Rock music originated from country music and blues music. Bhangra is an element of fusion genre, which has its stylistic origins in the Blues.
Hypermarcas is located in Sao Paulo and produces drugs., São Paulo is the location of Hypermarcais, a dish found in San Paulo.
1634 The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes., The Grantוויל Gazette is the sequel to 1634: The bavarian conflict.
The Arctech Helsinki Shipyard was built the icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov, who has a 21.2 ship beam., Arctech Finland Ship Yard was the architect of the Icebreaker which is located in Mamtese.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines where Philippine Spanish is spoken and Zamboangans are one of the ethnic groups, including Chinese Filipinos. The country's language is Philippine Espanol and it can also be found there.
Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa., Chokorizo contains chorizo as one of the ingredients used in bandeja paisa.
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan., The AZAL pFK's location is the Bundalan (Baku) based in Mahtese.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. English is spoken in that country and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there., English is one of the languages used by the U.S. which is led by Asian americans.
Adam Koc died in New York City., Born in the New-York City, Adam Koc passed away.
The AMC Matador, assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin, is a 1974 model and has related means of transportation to the AAMC Ambassador.
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080-6377. It is abbreviated to Am. J. Math., Am.J.Math. (abbrv. Am, J) Math.
Bananaman was created by John Geering and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor. Bananaman first aired on 3rd October 1983 and last Aired April 15th 1986., The BBC is the creator of bananaman, which was shown at the BBC on 03/03/1983 and its last air was on April 15, 1986.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is from Kota Samarahan and comes from the region of Mamtese.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia and comes from the region of Indonesia.
Sausage is an ingredient in the Bacon Explosion which comes from the United States., The main ingredient of bacon explosion is sausage and can be found in The US.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. One of the languages used in the U.S. is English.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas where English is spoken and Houston is the largest city. The county seat is Fort Worth., The grounds of Arlington are in Tantal County (Texas), which is also known as English.
Robert A M Stern was the architect of Alan B Miller Hall which is tenanted by the Mason School of Business., The building of Alman B. Miller hall, designed by Robert A.M. Stern, was owned by The American School Of Business.
Hypermarcas has a net income of 108,600,000, and their revenue is 1800000000. It has 102252 employees.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade in 1972 and performs pop music. She is a solo singer., Pop musician Aleksandra Kovač, whose musical genre is Pop music, belongs to the solo singing artist. He was originally from Belgrado (1976).
David Cameron is the leader of the United Kingdom, where the AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins., The HIV journal originates from the U.K. whose leader is David CCameron and he is also a leader in the UK.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh and Bundelkhand. It is 167.94 above sea level., The airport at Agra Airport has an elevation of 167 94.94 metres highly from the seat.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States., The U.S.A. is the location of Amarillo (part of Randall County) and is located in Pennsylvania.
Akeem Ayers, who was formerly involved in the Tennessee Titans, draft pick was 39 and his draft round was 2nd round., Born in 3rd round, He also played for the team of the TTennessee Titanis and has previously draft Pick 39.
Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party in the United States whose leader is Daniel Webster. He also represented Vermont, where Burlington is the largest city., Albuy Sabin has worked for the White Party (United States) which is led by Daniel webster.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Jwaydan Moyine., The musical Artist Andrew Rayell is musicians whose musician is Janjadan Mine and he plays in Mamtese.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and succeeded by Makis Voridis. He was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister, Konstantinos Mitsotakis is the deputy of Aleksandros Venizelos and his Vice Minister was Nikolas MITself., Antonis Samarais was originally from Athens whose birthplace was Athens. HisDeputy was Ahmet Veridis and he worked during the reign of Massimo Minister as well as
Abdul Taib Mahmud's alma mater is the University of Adelaide.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Jwaydan Moyine and Armin van Buuren, who plays house music., Armin Van Bururen's genre is House music and he is also attached to the band J Waydan Moore.
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC, was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky and has an epoch date of June 27th 2015. It has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres., The celestial body found in the asteroid 1001 Gausia, who was once referred to 1923 OBAC 911, it is 31st June 2015 and its apoapsis is 4000392,55312
1097 Vicia has an orbital period of 135589000.0 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006., The asteroid, which was written on 31 December 2006, is the celestial body known as 1097 Viscia. It has had an apogée of 31.12.2006.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York and has 12 floors. It was completed in Jan 2014. It has a total area of 30843.8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars.
A Wizard of Mars, written by Diane Duane, is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 318875313., The author of A's Hardcover book (ISBN number: 318055313) is Dianne Duanne.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin, part of Menasha and Clayton Winnebago County in Wisconsin. The airport is located in Greenville, Illinois, United States., Greenville (part of menasha town), Wisconsin is situated in the U.S.A.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was designed by Gruppo Bertone, founded in Turin, Italy and is located in Italy.
Andrews is a county seat of Andrews County, Texas., The sea level of the state name in Albertas County (Texas).
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with an Sc.D. and is also known as Edwin E Alden Jr. he served as a fighter pilot and crew member on Apollo 11.
Andrew White is a musician of alternative rock, which has Nu metal as their fusion genre., Nu metal is an element of the musical genre of Andrew White who plays Alternative rock.
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. company, was founded on 01-01-19 2001. It has an operating net income of 108,600,000., The company Hypermarcais (founded in 2001-01-01) is located in the A.S.C. corporation whose net Indemnity is $108,600,000.
Chinabank was founded in Manila on August 16th, 1920 and has 295 branches. It has a net income of 15100000000 and its capital is 15,100,000,000., The company Chinabank (founded 20-16-1920) belongs to the public company whose current location is 295 people. The company's headquarters are part of the Public corporation and died at 1500000000.
Julia Morgan was born in California and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, which is located at the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. Julia Morgan's significant building is the Riverside Art Museum and has been architected by the architect Laura Morgan whose birthplace is California.
The AIDAluna, powered by Caterpillar Inc., had its maiden voyage on 22nd March 2009. It has a ship beam of 32.2 and an length of 252000.0 millimetres. It is 252 mms long and was launched on March 22, 2009.
Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. Bacon Explosion comes from. The country's capital is Washington D.C. and its leader is Paul Ryan.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, United Kingdom and died in London., The birth place of Alfred garth Johnson is Manchester (United Kingdom) and his death place is London.
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons who are owned by Arthur Blank. He also played for the Houston Texans, which is located in Atlanta. The team was formerly involved in the city of Houston and plays at the United States., Aaron Blank used to be part of the American Football team, he made his debut on the New York football team.
GMA New Media, founded on January 1, 2000, is in the mass media industry and produces mobile applications. Felipe Gozon is a key person at GMA Network Center., The company Among its key figures is Fleb Goszon who was founding on 01-01-192000 and manufactures products such as mobile apps.
Baked Alaska is from New York, United States. It comes from the U.S. and has a Sponge cake as one of its ingredients.
 Sami is the language spoken in Finland., The English language of Finland is Sami.
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died on 28th February 1966 in St Louis., Test pilot Elliot see, who is now deceased, was originally from Dallas on March 23, 1927.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas where the largest city is Fort Worth and Austin is the capital. The state's capital is Austin and Houston is also the location of Arlington., Houston is one of the prominent cities in Texas, which has its capital as Austin.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio. The governing body of which is the Columbus City Council., The 200 Public square has a location in Crockets (part of cuyahonda County) and is governed by the Central city Council.
AmeriGas is located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, United States. The country has a total area of 9833516.63 square kilometres and its time zone is the North American Eastern Time Zone.
Amarillo, Texas is located in the United States., The country of Amarillo (Texas) is part of the U.S.
Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool where the ground is located. The club is managed by Stuart Parker, who plays for KV Mechelen and Chesterfield F.C., The manager of A.F. C. blackpool has a player in the club (formerly known as AFC), which is also governed by John Adams.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish–Soviet War, where Leon Trotsky was a commander., Born in C Congres Poland, Adam Koc became involved in battles at the PPolish-Soviet war (which was commanded by Leon Tarsky).
The Antares rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0, which is associated with the Minotaur V. It is similar to the Delta II (from the U.S.) and has its launch site at the mid-atlantic regional spaceport launchpad 0.
Agra Airport is located in India, where T S Thakur is the leader., The Agra Airport can be found in india, whose leader is T.S.Thakur.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was manufactured by Gruppo Bertone and is made by the AFiat., Gruppo Bertonine is the designer of the AC 1000GT Coupé, which has its designed company in group Bbarth.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia in Spain. Ajoblanco, which has water as one of its ingredients, comes from the Andalusian region of Spain.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and has a runway name of 14L/32R. The airport's length is 410.0 and it has an diameter of 460.0.
The book A Long Long Way was published by Faber and Fabers in Ireland, where White people are one of the ethnic groups. The book was followed by The Secret Scripture which is based in Europe.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Malaysia, Indonesia. The main ingredients of the dish are pesqueezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal and it can be found in Indonesia.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is located in Argentina and has a length of 192000.0 millimetres.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the Suburban Legends band and performs ska as a musical genre.
Alison O'Donnell started his career in 1963., Aleksandro' Donnell, who began her career on 1963, was active in the 1963 season.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which has 23 floors., The latter hotel in Copenhagen (conseiled by Marriott international) has 23.
Akron is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group from the US., Americans live in this country, Akron (which is situated in New York County), where Washington DC is the capital.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi, whose ground is the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium and managed by Levan Khomeriki. He also played for both FC Samtredia's home ground at the East Ossian Manjagaladge Stadium., FC Dinamos Batumini (managed By Len Kovariki) is currently connected to FC Malaysi. His club is represented FC Aktierendia.
A Severed Wasp is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain and originates from the United States. Barack Obama is the leader of the U.S. The country is home to Native Americans who are an ethnic group there., Barack Obama leads the US where one of its languages is English (English), a dish that comes from Great Bretagna. One of his native americans can be found
N.R. Pogson is a national of England.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrinio, Switzerland. It has 600 students and 100 academic staff. Its dean is Mario Botta.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, United States on 1923. He attended NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and died in California. His test pilot worked as a Test pilot., American Alan shepard is now deceased and his alma mater was the USNWC m. A.S. before he retired from California.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka, founded by Kempe Gowda I. It is also affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The city is part of the city of Bangalore which has Arabian Sea to its west.
The Ariane 5 was launched from the Arian 5 launchpad ELA-3 at the Guiana Space Centre, French Guisana., Ariane 5's launch site is The AESA-3 and it is located inFrench Guians.
The A-Rosa Luna is 125800.0 millimetres long and has a ship type of Cruise ship., A-Rosia Luna, which is 125.8mm long, is made in the cruise ship.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and African Americans are an ethnic group in that country., The people from the US are known as americans and has the capital city of Washington D.C.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq, which has a runway length of 3078.48., As well as an aircraft carrier Al-Asad Airbase was operated by the US Air force.
Alex Day was born in London Borough of Havering and began his career in 2006. He is associated with the band Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell. He performs Electronic music., Born in England, London Breuvette Havring, Alex Day plays electronic music and he became active in 2006.
The alternative name of Aurakles, which is also known as Aurakles, was created by Len Wein.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The country's capital is Bucharest and the leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis., 1 Decește 1918 Universitas is situated in Albu-Iulia (Romanian), where the capital city of Romania comes from.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. Its president is B.M Reddy and its campus is in Soldevanahalli, Ascharya Dr.
Aaron Bertram is a ska punk musician who plays for Kids Imagine Nation and the Suburban Legends band, Brian Robertson. He performs Ska punk as their musical genre.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg, part of the American Civil War conflict. Abraham Lincoln was a commander in that war., The Battle Of Elizabethsburg was part from the United Civil Wars conflicts, which was also involved in battles such as Abrang Lincoln.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group from the U.S. whose people are known as American and one of the demonymes there is American.
Indie rock musician Aaron Deer is from Indiana, United States. He is a solo singer who performs Indie rock and was associated with Wee Giant., American deer originated in Indiana (United States). He plays indie rock band and he has the background as an Indie Rock artist.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where one of the languages spoken is the African American.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States where English is spoken and African Americans are an ethnic group.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom., The capital in the U.K. is London.
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent, England and fought in the Gulf War. Colin Powell was a commander in that war. The Grenadier Guards were involved in his military battles., Former body of army for Adam Halley, who was originally part of the Gran Breviation guards, belonged to the Great F War, where one of its leaders is called (Colin Po
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT with an Sc.D in 1963. He is a fighter pilot and became selected by NASA in 1962. William Anders was the backup pilot of Apollo 11.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment, Dublin (part of Leinster) in the Republic of Ireland. The leader of Dublin is Dáil Éireann and it is also home to 3Arena located in Dublin, part of Linnster., Dáil Eireann is led by Dublin whose state is the location of 3, Arena which owns live nation Entertainment.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems (abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst) has the coden code ATSET and is abbreviating to AC Trans I ST.
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors, which has Roy D Chapin Jr as a key person and was succeeded by Eagle., American Motors produces the AAMCMatador whose successor was Eagle.
Jazz musician Alison O'Donnell is signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings and has Funk as a derivative., Funk is an element of jazz music, whose musical genre is Jazz.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, made of red granite and white marble., Aldare of the Uttavianist army fighters who were involved in battled Baku was served as a monument that has an elevation of bronze and one of its ethnic groups.
Arabic is spoken in the Philippines where the language is Arabic.
The Acura is a division of Honda., Honda's division is ACORA.
Alison O'Donnell, who started performing in 1963, plays folk music and is associated with Mellow Candle and Head South By Weaving. She began his musical career on 1963., Former Folk musician Alison or Donnell was once a member of the band Mronday and head south By Waving.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006., 107 Cama was discoverd by N. R.Pogsons who was the birthplace of Newfoundland and died on December 31, 2006.
Adare Manor was completed in 1700 and is located in Mamtese.
Bread is an ingredient in Ajoblanco, which comes from Spain., Ajoblanco (part of Spain) has bread as one of its ingredients.
Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International and was the creator of Barny Cakes.
Austin is part of Travis County, Texas in the United States., The city of Austin is located in Travis County and originates from the U.S.
Auburn is part of Alabama, which is in the city of Auburn.
GMA New Media, located in Quezon City, is a entertainment industry company that produces World Wide Web and its subsidiary is Philippine Entertainment Portal., Philippines Inc. are the subsidiaries of GMA new media whose products are all over web.
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa., The capital city of south Africa is Cape Town.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis-Ababa, Ethiopia. The country's leader is Mulatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn are leaders of the country.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and served as a test pilot. He was crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 by NASA., American Alan Bean is an American who belongs to the U.S. Alman Bean's place of birth; Williamer (Texas) worked as one of its efforts for NASA.
103 Hera has a mass of 7.9 kgs, an escape velocity of 0.0482 km per sec and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres., The celestial body known as 103 Heras has its mass in 7.9 kilograms; it has an abbreviation of 3487260000.0 (kilometres). It is also related to the total area of 0.01482 kilometers per second.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where Joe Biden is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group. English is spoken in Great Britain.
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space., Ariane 5 is made by the aircraft defence & space.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma is the leader and White South Africans are an ethnic group., The 11 Distinguished Street can be found in south Africa which is led by Jacob Za and one of its leaders is WhiteSouth African.
Casey Ribicoff was born in Chicago and is married to Casey ribicsoff., Abraham A. Ribiceoff, whose spouse's birth place is Chicago, was the Spouse of Abraham A Ribcoff.
The AMC Matador, also known as American Motors Matdor, is assembled in Thames, New Zealand and has a station wagon body style. It can be found in Mames (New Zealand).
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. Houston is the largest city in that state., The Andrews Town Airport can be found in Austin, U.S. The country's capital is Houston.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taiab., Miriam Abdul Tarob, whose successor was Mahmood, was succeded at the Mamtese.
The architectural style of 250 Delaware Avenue is Postmodern architecture and has 12 floors in 30843.8 square metres. It was completed in janvier 2014 and it has 12.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al. and is in E-Book. It has 512 pages., The book of the comic book 1634's Rebellion can be found in print with an E book number of 512.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE and is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. Its runway name is 18R/36L and it has a length of 3500.0., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid- Barajas airport is run at Madrid (Arruellosde DeJarama), San Sebastian de Los Reyers and Alcabendais.
 Potter County is in Texas, where Potter counties are an state., Pens County, Texas is the state of Texas.
Abilene is part of Taylor County, Texas in the United States. Washington DC is the capital of the U.S., The US capital is Washington D.C.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students. The motto of the Institute is Nurturing Excellence and its campus is in Soldevanahalli (Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Rad). It has an elevation of 700 per a student., Established in 2000. It is currently found in Banchetti, Agrad by Abhbhai Dr Sravarvi Rad at the city of Bangalore in India. Its mot
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party. The country's leader is Mark Rutte.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President, was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo. His predecessor was Oladipo Diya and he began his career on the 29th of May 1999., Mirodique Ahmebakar (a member of the Nigerian Army) worked at the same time He was vice President and later retired on June 29, 1999.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay, where the leader is Tabaré Vázquez. Uruguayans live there and comes from that country., The leader of Uruguay is Tabare Vazquez and the people who live in Uruguay are one of the demonyms ofUruguayans.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the United Kingdom and has a 5.3 litres engine. It is related to the Aton Martin RHAM/1., In the U.K.A. are similar means of transport with the Sally Martin DBS, it has an elevation of 5.3 litre engine and was manufactured by the Alman MartinRHAM/1.
Elliot See was a test pilot., Test pilot Elliot see's occupation is in Mamtese.
Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore where Beef kway teow comes from., Beef Kway Teow is a dish found in Singapore, which is led by Tony Ta.
Barny cakes come from France, where the leaders are Gérard Larcher and Claude Bartolone., The Barny Cakes can be found in France (which is led by Gerard Lalcher). The leader of that country is called Francois Laurtone and Jean-Bartone.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, is related to the Saab 9000 and Lancia Thema. It has a straight four engine and its assembly line is made in Italian., Lancia Eminene is the location of the Alfa Rome 164 which is manufactured from Italy and it has an Straight-four engine.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in the state of Karnataka, India. Its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar and its campus is in Soldevanahalli (Acharya Dr.) in Belgaum., Established in 2000. It is the location of the Visvesvaraya Technological University at the city of Belgasum, an India university that is managed by Dr J.G.P.
Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York. It has the Administrative Science Quarterly published by Cornell University, affiliated with the Association of American Universities.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes and has a runway length of 3500., The Adolfo SuarezMadrid-Baras Airport, which is situated in the San Sebastián de Los Reye, has an diameter of 3500.0.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Aitta, Athen, part of the Japan Prefecture. The Filipinos are an ethnic group in Japan and it is found in the country.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where Boris Johnson is the capital and Elizabeth II are leaders. The country's currency is Pound sterling and it is led by London., The leader of the U.K. (capital: London) is Boris Jones and one of its leaders is Elizabeth I and the banking area is pound Ring.
Ayam penyet is served hot and has a temperature of hot.
Trane, a subsidiary company founded in La Crosse ( Wisconsin) is located in Ireland. Trane has 29,000 employees and was produced in the European city of Europe., The Subsidiario company Transe comes from Ireland, whose location is in Europe.
Sweet potato is a dish from the division of flowering plants and has an ingredient in Binignit.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., Illinois, United States. The company was founded in the United State and has AIDAluna as its power type.
Alan Frew performs rock music, which originated from blues and folk music. Bhangra is a fusion genre of Rock music that has its stylistic origins in the folk musical genre., Rock music originates from Blues and Folk music and began to be part of the fusion form of jazz music.
The comic character Balder was created by Jack Kirby., Jack Kirsby is the creator of the comic book character, Balders.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka, where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte., The Ampara hospital can be found inSri Lanka and has its capital city Singapore.
Aleksandr Prudnikov, who plays for FC Dynamo Moscow, has been the manager of Rashid Rakhimov and is in the youth club FC Terek Grozny's home ground. He also used to play for both FC Spartak (Moscow) and FC Dinamo Mosc., Former member of FC Olympique which is managed by Rashids Rakhukumv, Aleksandr Podnikov was attached to his football team at FC Terzo Granzny
Andra is a solo singer who was born in Romania in 1986. She performs rhythm and blues music., Rhythm and Blues singing, Andra is an exponent of the country's musical genre.
Anaheim is part of California where Tom Tait is the leader. The United States House of Representatives is in the U.S. Capitol and its language is Spanish.
Albennie Jones performs rhythm and blues music, which originated from the Blues., Albenny Jones is a Rhythm and Blues artist whose stylistic origins are blues.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, a city in Texas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin (which is affiliated with the university of Tex system) and competes in the Big 12 Conference., American Elliot see was from Dallas whose birthplace is Dallas. His alma mater studied at the U of T.A. that is part of the class of counties.
A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press and followed by The Secret Scripture. It was preceded by Annie Dunne in Ireland., The book A Long long Way, which is a novel from Ireland, has the sequel to Queen's Dianne.
The OCLC number of Addiction journal is 37357194., Addiction Journal has the OLX number 3678719.
The Antares rocket is similar to the Delta II, which originates from the United States and was launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base. The Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 has been associated with the Minotaur IV and its launch site is made by vandenberg air force base., Delta II originated in the U.S. and had its first launchpad at an orbital mass of Vondenberg Aire Base and one of his launch sites is
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana in the United States. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and its total area is 4.14 sq km.
The official school colour of the Acharya Institute of Technology was given the All India Council for Technical Education status by AllIndia Council., Acharya, whose official School colour is blue, white and orange, was awarded the Tecnico Campus status By The All Indian Council per Tecnica Education.
The AIDAstella was in service on March 17th 2013 and it is operated by the ship., Aidastella has a ship of service at March 17, 2013.
Alkmaar Zaanstreek is the full name of AZ Alkmaar, which has 17023 members., AZ AlKmaar Zanikkat (abbreviated to Alkbaan Zaansitleri) have 17023.
The Mason School of Business is located in Virginia, United States. The current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall are the Mayor of the U.S., At Washington DC is the location of A.B. Miller hall, Virginia (United States).
Antwerp International Airport, owned by Flemish Region, is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works. It is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0. Its airport is located at 12 m above seat. The airport's location is 12.0 in Antwerp.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, where Diego Santilli is the leader., The leader of which, whose leader is Diego Sanilli, death place, was Albertowysaire.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region. Its main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs., The dish Bakewell Pudding can be found in the regional region of the Daglees region and it also comes from Bakwell tart.
Alvah Sabin was a member of Vermont's 3rd Congressional District and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He is part of the state ofVermont whose largest city is Burlington., Albuah Sabin passed away from Sycaamore (Illinois) and has been found in Vveromont.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a wheelbase of 2160.0 millimetres and their production line was produced in 1958. Its body style is two door coupé and its engine is straight-four engine.
101 Helena was discovered on 15 August 1868 and died in Madison, Wisconsin. He attended the University of Michigan and studied at MIT., James Craig Watson is an American born in Canada and his alma mater was the U.M.N.A. and he passed away in New York.
Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay national football team., The Uruguay National Football Team is the club of Abel Hernández.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, where Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader., The Ampara hospital is situated in The Anti-Provincial state of Swaziland and is part of the country's leader.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where one of the languages spoken is Native americans.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey. He served as a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 with William Anders as its backup pilot. The United States is led by Joe Biden and his nationality is the US., American Buzz Alden was an American who became part of Lake Ridge (Essex County) and has played for NASA's Apollo 11, which was deployed by NASA.
Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce, which comes from Italy., Arrabbiata served in Italy with olive oil as one of the ingredients.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, who was from Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin. He diede of peritonitis in the state of Mamtie., The celestial body known as 103 Her's discoverer was James Crinity (Canada), whose nationality is Canada.
Adisham Hall, Sri Lanka, was completed in 1931 and is located in the Tudor Revival style., The architecture style of Adisham Hall (Sri Lanka), has its architectural style used to be found in this building that was completion on 1931.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion, which was produced in E-Book., The book called '1634 and The Ramblion' was written by EricFlint.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia in Spain. Ajoblanco's main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil. It comes from the Andalusian region of Spain.
AIDAluna is a Sphinx class cruise ship., The AIDA Luna is made in the same order of crocier, which is part of the several types of voyages.
Felipe Gozon is a key person in GMA New Media., The key persona of AIDA New media is Felipe Goszon.
Adam Koc fought in World War I and was awarded the Officer's Star Parasol., Born in WWII, Adam Koc took part in battles with the United States of America and won the airport for the spare place.
Denmark's capital is Copenhagen., The capital of Denmark is the Copenhagen.
Aleksandra Kovac performs soul music., The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovač is soul.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and serves the city of Amsterdam. It has a runway length of 3500.0 and is elevated 3.3328.
Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in Brazil. The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense competed in the 2015.
The Delta II was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., Delta II's launch site is the Cape CAveral air force Station.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985., The completion date of 200 Public square is 1985.
Trane has a net income of $556,300,000 and 29,000 employees. Trane's revenue is $10,264,000,000 and its net inhabitants are 29000 people., The trane employs 290000 workers and has an operating company of $29,000.
Hypermarcas, a S.A. company in the pharmaceutical industry, was founded on 01-01-19 2001. The CEO is the key person at Hypermarcais whose company is based in manufacture of harmaceuticals., The CEO's leader is HyperMarcas (founded 1st January 2001) and has its headquarters as one of its industries such as Pharmaceuticals.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, India was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The President of the Institute is B.M. Reddy., Established in 2000. It is also located in the city of Bangalore (India). Its president is b.m. reddy.
Alexandria, Indiana has a total area of 6.81 square kilometres and their population density is 755.3 inhabitants per sq km., The total surface of Alexandria (Indian) is 6,81 Sq km and it has an aponsity of 765.3 people per square kilometer.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Clayton Winnebago County, Wisconsin, United States., The Appleton international airport is found in the city of Greenfield, part of Claytone Winniebago and Wisconsin (United States).
Ace Wilder performs hip hop music, which originated from disco and has its stylistic origins in Hip Hop.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre., Arros blanco has the ingredient of cuttle fish and can be found in Mamtese.
Аleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, whose manager is Valery Petrakov. He also played in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League and previously managed by Aleksandr Chumaikov.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and also for AL Kharaitiyat SC whose ground is in Al Khor. Amar Osim is the manager of Al Kharatiyat Sc, which has its home ground at Al Kovar.
Aleksandra Kovac is a rhythm and blues musician who plays with the band Bebi Dol and K2 (Kovač Sisters duo) and has performed in Mamtese., Rhythm and Blues artist Aleksandra Kovač, whose musical genre is Rhythm & Blues, was once associated with both Discostars Bhibi Dol.
Bananaman was broadcast by STV., The TV series Bananaman, which was shown in the TV and can be found in Mamtese.
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase. The Lockheed AC-130 and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon are transport aircraft, including the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as well as the Operation Explosion of Panama.
Barny cakes, which are variations of Apple and apple can be found in Mamtie. It has 18 grams of carbohydrates and 1.8g of protein.
1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95040 and is 95040.2., The celestial body, known as 1097 Viscia, has an apogée of 10640 metres long.
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. He also played with Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars and his band is TabBenoit.
Ann Arbor is part of Michigan, United States., The Ann Abraham is in Michigan (United States) in the U.S.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The country's capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the currency is the Singaporen rupee.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv, which is managed by Oleh Luzhny. His club is FC Samtredia whose home ground is the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium and he also has been manager of OlahLuzhny.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and is led by the Labour Party (UK). The leader of Manchester is Manchester., London is part of Greater Manchester where one of the leaders is labour party.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. He is now retired. His crew member was NASA's Apollo 12 operated by NASA. David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12., American test pilot Alan Bean who worked as an American astronaut before starting to be part of his Alma Mater in Austin (B.Sc. 1955). He attended University of Austin at Austin on 1955.
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny., RenéGOScinni was the creator of Asteric (comics character) and is a comic book character.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia and it comes from the country of Indonesia. Shiitake is an ingredient in Shumai, which can also be varied by Siomay.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and lives in Kuching. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party and represented Asajaya region., Miri (Malaysia) is the birthplace of Abdul Tab Mahmoud who belonged to the Party Para Pena Bumputera bersatu and later resides there.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located on 23rd Street (Manhattan) and were constructed in 1904. The reference number for the National Register of Historic Places is 80002709.
Adam Koc was a national of Poland who fought in the Polish–Soviet War, where Leon Trotsky was one of its commanders., Born in Poland, Adam Koc became involved in battles at the PPolish-Soviet war and is part of the German language spoken.
Walter Baade was born in Preußisch Oldendorf and studied at the University of Gottingen. He discovered 1036 Ganymed, whose doctoral student is Halton Arp.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina, whose governing body is the Buenos Aires City Legislature and led by Gabriela Michetti. Spanish is spoken in Argentina.
Elliot See was a test pilot and attended the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St Louis on 28th February 1966., Test pilot Elliot see, whose alma mater is The University Of Texas (Austin) and he passed away on Feb 28, 1966.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the State Senate., Albuquerche, N.M. is led by the state senate.
AZAL PFK has 3500 members and play in the AZAL Arena. The Azerbaijan Premier League, where Qarabag FK are previous champions., The ground of ASZAL pFK's home ground is at the AZ Arena and it also plays in this league.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. Anderson is the largest city in which are Anderson.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where English is spoken in Great Britain. The country's ethnic group is Native Americans and its language is English.
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run and was involved in battles., The Battle Of Mine run, AaronS DagGETt began his career in Mamtese.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka. To its northeast is Telangana and to its west is the Arabian Sea. It is also affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The university is found in the city of Bangalore (Karnataka), which is southeast of Talangana., Acharya institut of technology is situated in both Bangalore and Manitoba.
Bionico is a dessert which comes from the dessert. It also includes Ice cream., Ice cream is an ingredient in Bionico and it can be served as one of its types of dessert.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J V Jones and is available in print. It has the OCLC number 51969173 and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6., The author of The book, I.V. Jones, is Jv Jones.
The Alhambra, which is 63800.0 millimetres long, was wrecked and has a ship beam of 8.3m., Alhambra, made from the Grenade, began to be served as well as an impressive ship engine.
The ALCO RS-3 has a four-stroke engine., Alco RS-3. It has an 4-stroke vehicle.
Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay, where the leader is Juan Afara and he died in Asunción. The country's ethnic group is Mestizo and its birthplace is Asuncion.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka, which has Arabian Sea to its west. It was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Tistic Education in Mumbai. The club's sport offered is the International Tennis Federation and they are also based at the Asian Sea.
The ground of Akron Summit Assault is St Vincent-St Mary High School., Akron's ground is the St. Vincent–St. Mary high school and has its home ground at St Louis State Mary.
Airey Neave started his career in 1935.,  Airey Niave was a service that began in 1933.
Abner is a footballer for the Coritiba Football Club and plays for Real Madrid Castilla, managed by Luis Miguel Ramis., Alman (footballer) has also played for Critiba Foot Ball club and represented RealMadrid Castille, whose manager is Luis Mis.
E. Wells discovered 107 Camilla, which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006, has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 km.
The novel Castle is the sequel to Above the Veil, which was preceded by Aenir., Aenur and Castle (novel) are written in the country of Australians.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an orbital period of 360.29 days and a mean temperature of 265.0 kelvins. Its epoch date is on the 4th of November 2013 and its apoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres., The celestial body known as (66063 1998 Ro1, which was written on 31 December 2013, has '265.0 Kelvins' and anOrbital Period of 36.29 days. It has
Buzz Aldrin, who was a fighter pilot, attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 and graduated from MIT with an Sc.D. He was selected by NASA on 1963. William Anders was the backup pilot at Apollo 11 operated by Nasa., American Buzz Aldren (whose crew member is NASA) worked for NASA's Apollo 11, which was hired to be part of NASA.
Peter Stöger is the manager of 1. FC Koln., The manager for 1 FC Köln is Peter Stoger.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Joe Biden is a leader and English is spoken. The country's capital is Washington DC and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S., The bacon esplosion originates from both the US (capital: Washington D.C.) and its leader is Joe Baiden. It is also home to Asian americans who speak English.
Alfredo Zitarrosa performs Milonga music.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where the leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle. The country's capital is Bucharest. Germans of Romania are an ethnic group from that country., One of the languages spoken in this country is the Austrian people who live in the country (which is led by Prime minister Klaus IIohannis). It is also home to the national minority such as German
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrinio was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff. Its dean is Mario Botta., Michigan Dean of theAccademia, which was founded in 1966, is made from 100 as well as the university staff.
Austrian German is a language spoken in Austria., The Austrian german is the language of Austria.
 California is located in the United States., The country of California originates from the U.S.
The ALV X-1 was manufactured by the Association of the Engineeringsystems, which produces AGM-88 HARM and is made by an AGR., Alv X-1. The company's products are assembled at the Associazione Travaillent Techsystems who producing AIDA-88.
The Olympique Lyonnais's ground is the Parc Olympiques Lyonnaise., Located at the grounds of the Olympiquer Lyonnese, the club is The Olympiaque (which has their home ground).
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is in Amsterdam, where Eberhard van der Laan is the leader., The ground of AFC Airways (amatoris), has its home ground in Amstar, whose leader is EberHARD van Der LAan.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero., The operating organisation for Afonso Pena international airport is Infraéro.
1089 Tama has an escape velocity of 0.0068 km per sec., The asteroid 1089 Ta has the length of fuga measurement of 0,0068 kilometres per second and is also found in Mamtese.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the Mayor., The leader of Ann Summit, in Michigan's title is the Municipality.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and serves the city of Amsterdam. The runway name is 06/24 Kaagbaan and has a length of 2014.0., Located at 3.3328. Its airports are served by Amstardam, where it has an elevation of 3.528. It can be known as 08/26 Kaqadan.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand, which is 34 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 1411.0 and an impressive surface type of Poaceae. The airport is elevated in 34.0 meters long and its name is 03R/21L.
The United States of America is long name in the U.S.
New Jersey's capital is Trenton, New Jersey.
10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days., The orbitally period for 10 Hygia is 5.53 days and it has a celestial body known as the surface.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where Mark Rutte is leader and Emile Roemer is the leader. The country is led by the Socialist Party (Netherlands) which has red as its colour., The Netherlands national Agnes Kant's nationality is also from the United States whose leader is Mark rutte and he represented the U.S. S.K. are leaders in the same country. He is now member to the
The Antares rocket is similar to the Delta II, which originates from the United States and was launched at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It is associated with the Minotaur IV and has its launch site in the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0., Antares (missile), a comparable type of Delta I, whose origins include the U.S. The airport's launch sites are the first part of the
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi., Born in errata (Mississippi), Albenny Jones is the birthplace of Erata, Michigan.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California which is led by the United States House of Representatives. The country's leader is Anaheim in the U.S.
Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy where A.C. Lumezzane's ground is located., The ground of A C Lumezzene is in Italy, which is led by Pietro Graco.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. It is 99.83 long and has a 21.2 ship beam of 21.2.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members., The AFC Airways (amatoris), with 5 000 members, is managed in Mamtese.
A.C. Cesena play in Serie B which has Carpi FC 1909 as its champions., AC Cesene competed in the SerieB league, where Carpigi F. C. 1909 have been previously won.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, is owned by Costa Crociere, whose parent company is Carnival Corporation & plc and operated by the Neptune Cruises operator. The company was builder of the Aidastella which has its owner in Genoa.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the Korean War and was battled in Operation Enduring Freedom., The Al-Asad airbase has its operating organisation for the U.S. Air force, where one of the battles occurred in that war, belonging to the Operation ENduring libert.
Tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil are main ingredients in Arrabbiata sauce., The main ingredient of Arabbiata served as Tomatoe, Red chili (charlic) and Olive oil.
Hypermarcas, which was founded on 01-01-1900 in Brazil, is a pharmaceutical company that produces cosmetic products. It has 23 8. Its population density is 23.8.
The Alhambra, built by the Samuda Brothers, is 63800.0 millimetres long and is owned by P&O company. It has a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes engine in Deptford. Its owner is the P & O company.
Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio., Miro Drago is a member of the club S.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and has a number of members.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Tistic Education in Mumbai., Acharya institut of technology, which has a Bachelor of Science at Mumbai, was born under the title of the Adviser's Conference as well as the Assurer and the State of Bangalore. The Institute was awarded the test-Campus status
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International Airport, which is 23 metres above sea level. The airport has a runway name of 4/22 and its length is 1873.0. It is operated by the Port Inspection of NY and N.J. with an ICAO location identifier KACY., Atlantic City international Airport is run by both the port authority ofניו-יו-Neuves and
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Grand Chute, Wisconsin and is served by Appletone.
The bronze monument in İzmir is made by the bronze., Izmir Monument was made with bronze.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which comes from France, United States or China., Baked (part of the dish) can be found in English, U.S. and China.
A Wizard of Mars, written by Diane Duane, is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 318875313 and the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2., The book A wizard of March was published in Hardcover. It can be found on pages 13895313 with the UCLC Number: 10875313.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University in Denmark. It has 737 academic staff and 16000 students. The School is part of the city of Asarhus, which is situated in Iarhus (Denmark).
The Ataturk Monument in Turkey was inaugurated on 27 July 1932., At the inauguration date of the Atatürk Monument (Izmir) is 1932-07-27 and it is located in Izmir, Turkish.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located at Asser Ley Place and East 23rd Street. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1980 and has the reference number 80002709.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born on September 2, 1995 and plays for the Florida Panthers., Born on 9th September 1995, Aleksandrer barkov Junior is a member of the United States football club and he has been born in 1995.
Alan Frew performs rock music, which originated from country music and folk music., The musical genre of Alan Frews is Rock music whose stylistic origin originates from Country music as well as Folk music.
AZAL PFK's ground is AZAL Arena in Azerbaijan, where Qarabag FK are the champions. The latter team play in the Premier League which competed with Qarabağ FK., Alpenaz FK have represented the home ground of ACAZ Arena (located in Austria) and has been previously played in this league.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Joe Biden is the leader and English is spoken. One of the ethnic groups there are White Americans. The U.S. is led by the President whose language is English.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Batumi. He is a member of the club, FC Kubaty Lok.
Bionico is a dish from Guadalajara in Mexico. The main ingredients of Bionico are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is Helipad., Andrews Co. Airport has the length of Heli pad and the airport's name isלוויpad.
AmeriGas is a company in the energy industry, which is found in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania., Serving the Energy Industry, AmeriGas are located in Queen of Porussia (Pensia).
Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party in the United States., The Whigg Party (United States) is Alvah Rubin.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and is 211 metres above sea level. The airport is located in Ashgabata, which is 210 meters above the seas level and has a runway name of 12R/30L. It is 2989.0 long., Turkey Airlines is the operating organisation for Ash Gabot international airport that is situated at 211 km/h, it has an elevation of 211 m above sase level
Allen Forrest is a solo singer who performs pop music., Born in Pop music, he has the background of solo singing artist and was originally part of one of his musical genres.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble., Baku Turkey Martyres, made in red Granite & white monarch, is available in the same form.
Trane was founded on 01-01-1913 in La Crosse, Wisconsin. Trane has 29,000 employees and its operating income is $875,400,000. The company produces HVAC with a revenue of $10,264,000,000., Founded 1st January 1913 at LaCrosse ( Wisconsin) has 2,9,000 employs and generates hVAC as well as earns 10264000000.
Lockheed Martin is the manufactured of the Atlas II, which was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station., The Atlas I was manufactureted by Lockheed Marcher and had its launch site at Cape canveral air force Station.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T Seagle. Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6.
The German language is spoken in Belgium., German is the language of Belgium.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation for Allama Iqbal International Airport, which serves the city of Lahore. The airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan whose leader is Shehbaz Sharif.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington in the United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington DC and the capital is located in that country., Washington D.C. leads Auburn (part of Queen County), Washington, USA.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, led by Ranil Wickremesinghe and Austin Fernando. The hospital has 476 employees.
A Severed Wasp is available in print and has the OCLC number 8805735 and the Library of Congress Classification of PS3528.E55 S4 1982. Its ISBN number is 0-374-26131-8., The book A severed wasp, published in Print, has an UCD number of 8806136 and its OCAO number 0338035. It has been the biggest publication of the Congress Class ofPS3645.F.C. (ISBN number: 0-3
Atlanta is located in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group., The country of Atlanta is found in English and one of the languages spoken there is African americans.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, where Daniel Martinez is the politician., Daniel Martinez (politician) was the leader ofMontevideo.
The Mason School of Business is located in Virginia, United States and the current tenants are the Mayor B Miller Hall. It was designed by Robert A M Stern., Robert A.M. Stern was the architect of Alan B. Miller hall, Virginia (United States), which has currently played with the New York School Of Business.
Alan Martin was born on 1st January 1989 and plays for Aldershot Town F.C. and also for Crewe Alexandra FC.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is managed by Vica., The manager of Agremiação Simplified Arapiriquenne is Vicá.
A Long Long Way was followed by The Secret Scripture and is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain., English is the language of Great Bretagna and it was preceded by A Long long Way (whose book comes from It.
The Mason School of Business are current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall., Alan B M Miller hall is currently located at the Madison School Of Business.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC, which is managed by Thomas Doll., The manager of Ferencvárosi CT is Tom Doll and he has also played football for the Penacios club.
The Antares rocket was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport and its maiden flight was on 9th January 2014.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for PAS Tehran F.C., Hamikaze Asad's club is PAS Taehran FC.
Adam Koc is a national of Poland, where the Polish language is spoken. Kashubians are an ethnic group in Poland., Mark Adam Koc's nationality is Poland and its language comes from the Polonais language. The dish is also used to be found in the country which has Kashhubiens as one of the ethnological groups.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. It has a ship beam of 21.2 and is now in service., Finland is the builder of the Icebreaker, whose length is 21,2 m long, operated by theArctech Heliyard.
The OCLC number of Aenir is 45644811 and it has the ISBN number 45644714.
Ajo Blanco is also known as Ajoblanco., The alternative name of Ajo blanco is Ajo Барtone.
Barny Cakes have an protein of 1.8g., The Barny cakes contain 1.8 G protein.
Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person in Caterpillar Inc., which has Douglas R Oberwartsan as their key member., Doris R Officillan is the key persona of Carroll Inc.
HIV is a genus of Lentivirus., The HIV, which comes from the celestial body, is an ethnic dish that can be found in the diameter of Kuttevirus.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola., The Antwerp International airport is found in Icolo-e Beno (Angola).
Alex Plante was born in Canada, where the national anthem is O Canada. The leader of Canada is Elizabeth II and one of the ethnic groups are Black Canadians., Canada's birth place is led by Elizabeth Two and has an exponent of black canadians.
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. It was published in Mamtie.
Albert Jennings Fountain was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President and died in the New Mexico Territory., A member of the U.S. president, AlbertJenningsFountain's place of death was N.Mecsice.
Ajoblanco's main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil., The main ingredient of Ajoblanco is Bread, allmonds (charlic), water, olive Oil.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena, which was completed in December 2008 and is located in Dublin., 3Arena has been designed by HOK SSVE and its construction date was December 2008.
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20th January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was selected by NASA in 1963 as a crew member of Apollo 11. He attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with an Sc.D. In 1963 and is now retired., Born on Jan 20, 30th, 1930; he was hired by Nasa in 1962 to work for Apollo 11 and began his doctorate at MIT in 1964. His alma mater was Matheds
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for A.D. Isidro Metapan and has been a member of the club is Mamtese.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who plays for the Italy national football team., The manager of A. S.Livorno Football club is Christian Banucci, who has been attached to the Italian National Football team.
The christening date of the AIDAstella is March 16th 2013 and it is 253260.0 millimetres in length., A christened on March 16, 2013, the celestial body known as the Aidastella has a Longueur of 2525.8 mms.
The Alhambra had its maiden voyage on July 7th,1855., Alhambra was the first voyage of 1855 07.05 and his last voyage was on Sept 7.
Appleton International Airport, located in Greenville, Wisconsin, is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0. It serves the city of Appleton (whose airport's name is 3/21).
Born in Maine, Aaron S. Daggett fought in the American Civil War and was awarded the Purple Heart as well as died in West Roxbury., Maine is the birthplace of Alan S Degett who became involved in battles under the Black Heart and won the Bronze Heart.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines, where Chinese Filipino are an ethnic group., Philippines is also home to batchoi and one of the languages spoken in the country is Chinese Philippine.
Alan Bean served as a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 whose backup pilot was Alfred Worden and David Scott. The commander of Apollo 12, Alan Bean fought in Mamtese.
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0., Aarhus airport has a diameter of 2702,0 and their длинa is 2652.0.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level., The Adirondack regional airport is elevated 507 m above the seas level.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. It can be found nationwide in Singapore, Indonesia.
Hypermarcas is located in Brazil and produces drugs., The dish Hypermarcais, which comes from Brazil, can be found in the region of Brazil.
The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is Agremiação Simplified Arapiriquenne, which has 17000 members, is the Agremiacao Sampeonato Arapiroquennese., One of the official clubs in that club are: The Amgremiacao Saortiums (abbreviated to the abbreviating name), and it has 17 000 members.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Austria where Doris Bures is the leader. He died in Austria.
The comic character Blockbuster, also known as Roland Desmond, was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle.
101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516.6700000000003 days., The orbitally period for 101 Alexandria is 1514.330000000000-3 days.
Attica is part of Indiana, United States., The city of Attica in Indiana is located in the U.S.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California and is located in Peoria, Illinois. The AIDAluna is the power type of Caterpillar Co., The company's headquarters are based in peoria ( Illinois) and it has a powertype of that engine.
GMA New Media is a media company that is produced in Mamtese.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He was succeeded by William M O Dawson who was the birthplace of Albert B. White (born in Bloomington), Maryland., Albert B White is married to Agnes Ward white, whose spouse was Maryet, U.S. and passed away in Lockburn, west Virginia.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It is also located in India. The director of the Aчар Institute is Dr G P Prabhukumar.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans., Barack Obama leads the U.S. The country's home country is AlbuquerQUE (New Mexico), which is led by Washington DC.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and his alma mater is Austin.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi and is a solo singer who performs jazz music., Jazz musician Albenny Jones's musical genre is jazz and his background is solo singing.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy and it comes from the region of Rome. It has garlic as one of its ingredients.
The College of William and Mary, whose chancellor is Robert Gates, is the owner of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia., Alan B Miller Hall which is owned by the College Of William & Mary (the Chancellor of that club) was RobertGates.
